and i want to make sure that absolutely nothing goes wrong, ok,
- hey, - hi, uh, ok, go on ahead, guys, you don't need me to show you where your classrooms are,
they don't exist, i don't understand, neither do i, it's perplexing, i mean, why the warning?
the knights weren't known for playing fair, it could just be somebody from halloween town, right, who's trying to scare us?
what do you know about that boy you were talking to?
i don't know that much about him, i mean, he's new and he...
oh, so many fond memories, now, the renaissance was also called the age of enlightenment, and that's just because between the plague and all of the boneheads in charge refusing to write things down, people pretty much forgot everything they learned for the last 5,000 years,
and divine the ancients were, except for their breath, it's always hummus this and hummus that, oh, but that's another topic, it was also where we supposedly discovered the new world,
i come to you by that which you profess, how ere you come to know it, answer me!
he's pretty good, oh, shakespeare offered me a part in the original production, mm-hm!
well, yeah, he's cute, but i haven't said one intelligent thing since i met the guy,
i'm always making some lame excuse, and then just running off, maybe i should just tell him to forget it, well, so he's gonna be very disappointed, especially since he drove all the way here and followed you to this spot,
so you think that anyone who has anything to do with halloween is a freak, huh?
i bet you think all monsters want to do is hide under people's beds, you probably think that all vampires want to do is just suck people's blood, like they don't have jobs and families...
- i'll ask the questions, marnie, why didn't you contact us after the first threat at the school?
perhaps we could've done something, she thought we were going to take her precious magic away, she cares more about the cromwell magic than she does our own children's lives!
i offer a compromise, we end the program, shut down the portal, no, you can't do that!
and you and your family can keep your precious magic, marnie, considering everything that's happened,
- you've still got charges to take care of, - what, there's kids still here?
i would've thought after this afternoon they all would've gone back to halloween town, no, some of them are just as stubborn as you are,
- (aggie) i think i'm going to turn in, grandma, i...
it wasn't yours to bet in the first place, and then they offered to let us keep it, ooh!
we'd never abandon you, we were there, there weren't any knights,
- yeah, there were just a couple of punks, - and most of it was our fault, this... this wasn't my fault, look, if we all just stick together, we'll figure out what's going on,
yeah, good luck, we only have till next week, we are so gonna do this,
if you don't start talking to me, we're definitely gonna lose our magic, fine, but what am i supposed to do?
oh, it's just this old briefcase, it keeps coming open and snapping closed on things,
- i guess i'll just have to replace it, - yeah,
i said i was sorry, like, 12 to the ninth power times, it was such a shock, i'm just used to you looking all cute, and well, you know, i...
here's a newsflash for you, i don't think i look better this way, what?
i mean, if we were dealing with somebody from halloween town, they wouldn't have had to smash their way in, so maybe we really are dealing with somebody from this world,
i have to talk to grandma, well, wait, what do you want me to do?
but if there's one thing i can do, it's keep a secret, oh, and what is that supposed to mean?
i know you didn't do it on purpose, but maybe you just said a little something to your little friend, oh, my little friend?
oh, i didn't say that, but we have to be open to the possibilities, there's no possibility, you know why?
- 'cause i'm done talking to you, - good, because i'm through listening, fine!
oh, poor cassie, i can't believe they got her, do you think they're gonna come after us next?
no, you have nothing to worry about, how can you say that?
i was beginning to think you had disappeared, too, oh, no, i was doing a little investigating and i needed your mother's help, aggie put a spell on the clubhouse, something i remembered from the dark days,
it's a spell to prevent humans from crossing the threshold, we checked the clubhouse and the spell hasn't been broken, wait, so that means that somebody from halloween town was definitely responsible, or it could just mean that it's one of us,
so no one is going back to halloween town just yet, we all have to try and stick together, all of us, even though one of us is a pigheaded old woman who can't stop using magic for two seconds,
or if one of us is in over her head and says stupid, selfish things because she's scared and frustrated, we definitely have to stick together, oh, grandma, i love you, do you ever get the feeling you missed something?
ethan has one, he uses it to call his dad all the time,
- oh, go get it, - wait, don't you have one?
i think i see something going by the window, hm, eyes in the back of her head, explains why i never got away with anything growing up,
i just saw it, too, hm, which explains why we never got away with anything, keep talking, just...
oh, no, that's ok, i have my own method of transportation, hm...
- see ya later, - see you later, more like me every day, ha!
yes, for centuries, my family has been keeping a vigil, a vigil to ensure that our world remains pure of the magical,
i'm the last remaining descendant of a noble order, please, you wouldn't have even known that the knights of the iron dagger existed if i hadn't found you and told you, but i'm still a knight, right?
but you are such a good boy, did everything you were told, i...
you said no one was gonna get hurt, you said they would just give up,
no offense, then they'll understand that this portal must be closed permanently, a separate world for freaks?
i'm all for it, nothing's going to stop us now, the cromwell's will stop you.
i think so, then we better get started, wish me luck finding cassie,
it's very important that we keep our eyes open and that we're aware of our surroundings, aggie, i am so sorry about...
oh, shoot, being reassigned again, honestly, these kids are so whiny, so he lost an ear, it's not like it won't grow back, no, you're doing just fine, though i hadn't heard about the ear,
no, i'm just sorry that we're not gonna have your haunted house in our carnival, why wouldn't we do our haunted house?
i'm tired of people being scared of us, yeah, you know what?
so am i, whoever heard of a haunted house without buckets of fake blood?
can't we at least have mealy worms crawling out of them?
my mom makes the best oatmeal mealy worm cookies, happy halloween!
anyone care to hear about the positive contributions trolls have made to society?
um, welcome to the halloween wax museum, see the ogres picnicking in their natural setting, excuse me, would you like to see the... (rumbling)
- marnie, it seems your little experiment has come to an end, it's time to pay up, no!
no, you can't take our magic, humans have changed, no one was threatening us until you showed up, well, that's just because they never got to know the real you, and now that they do...
i don't know what werewolves are like inside, but pete's the best halfback we've ever had!
- natalie's president of the science club, - uh, co-president, you know what?
it took some time, but i finally found the right witch's glass, what is going on?
you forgot that witches' glasses, while excellent for imprisoning witches, are also good for communicating between the worlds, and i believe that all of halloween town just saw that humans have changed, which means...
i was doing this for the good of halloween town, you see, humans...
are apparently much more accepting than you led us to believe, if they're willing to give us a chance, then we should be willing to return the favor,
i just never met a girl like you before, we have so much in common, and i like being with you,
i feel the same way, no, i'm sorry, it's just too gross!
look, marnie, i am sorry, but you are not going out on halloween, why?
i have my reasons, and i will explain them to you when you're, , taller, mom, you've been saying that for, like, my whole life, ok?
i mean, seeing as how marnie likes weird stuff so much,
- yeah, halloween is, like, made for her, - skeletons, witches, vampires, , she spends our whole math class drawing ghosts in her notebook,
i think it's obvious why halloween is bad, that whole razor-blade-in-the-apple thing was an urban myth, of course, but then, all that candy causes cavities and gum disease, and those masks everybody wears have these weird kind of toxic fumes inside
that make your arms go limp, and, , and, , it's totally too late for him, marnie, i'm sorry, i know that you want to go out with your friends, but there are just some things about halloween that you don't understand,
oh, right, like there's some big, mysterious reason why we can't go out, face it, mom, you don't trust your own kids,
- that is not true, - oh, yes, it is, you keep us all in this big bubble, how are we supposed to grow up if we can't explore the world, try new stuff and take some risks?
hey, mom, do you think you and grandma could, like, not fight for once?
i mean, we haven't seen her in over a year, grandma aggie's the one who always starts it,
lon chaney had one of these on his palm when he got bitten by that werewolf, so he did,
i've always said the movies can teach us about life, mother, as i just got through telling marnie, halloween is not, , what else can i do, grandma?
i'll bet you get a's in school, actually, she gets b's and c's, i get the a's, ow, you know, grandma, this is totally awesome!
i mean, nobody around here really appreciates my taste in weird stuff,
- encouragement, not good, - no, and you know what else?
i have déja vu a lot, i mean, like, all the time, really?
- well, you know, if you could practice, , - mother!
could i talk to you in the kitchen for just one minute?
- but mom, , - no, no, she's right, she's right,
- (whispering) we'll eat the candy later, - ok, come on, here we go, whoo!
i can have a normal life here, they can have a normal life here, oh, being normal is vastly overrated, well, i like being normal,
you know, mother, as much as i want the kids to know their family, the fact is, , you're not normal, hm, every time you come into this house, it's-it's chaos,
hi, just came by to check that everyone's got their thermostat set to 68 degrees, because it's important to conserve energy during the evening hours, ,
dylan, just get in here, which story are you gonna tell us, grandma?
by the dozens, and of course, a few very fine witches,
i don't like witches, they're mean and scary, oh, no, no, no, sweetheart,
i mean, they're just like everyone else, some are kind, some are mean, that's the way they use their magic, you can't tell what's in a monster's heart just by looking at 'em,
i mean, sometimes, some of the slimiest, raunchiest, ugliest little monsters turn out to be the nicest,
perhaps marnie has a secret life we don't know anything about, well, if she is a witch, she's got the weird part down pat, it's just the magic powers she's missing, what about it, dear?
have you cast any spells or taken midnight flights through the sky?
i wish, but the truth is, , there's nothing special about me, oh, no, dear, you're very special, you're a cromwell!
and since the dawn of time, the cromwells have been the most powerful, , mother,
i was only trying to do what you should have done long ago, why, you're on the verge of breaking a tradition that goes back more than 1,000 years, , your tradition, mother, not mine,
marnie is my daughter, and if i decide not to train her like a witch, then it's none of your business, a witch's 13th halloween is supposed to mark the completion of her training, if marnie's training doesn't at least begin tonight, her powers will be lost forever,
she'll finally be normal, like her brother, like her father and like sophie will be after her,
(grunts) gwen, a human father, why, you're only lucky that you have two children that are showing powers at all!
do you really want them to go through life doing things the hard way?
i mean, look at you, with your plastic bowls, when you know leftover chicken keeps better when it's back on the bone, mother, get that thing out of here right now,
for years, you have been coming here, you've been dropping hints to marnie, and you've been badgering me to start her training,
i know that that's why you came here tonight, mother, but the fight is over, you know that?
the clock has finally run out, and you can just go home,
gwen, as much as i think you're making a terrible mistake with marnie, you're wrong about why i came here tonight, the fact is, i came to ask for your help, my help, with what?
well, something is wrong at home, something's happening, every day, i find another neighbor has changed, turned hateful, it's frightening, and soon after that, they disappear altogether, please, mother, my neighbors disappear sometimes too, it's called moving,
oh, gwendolyn, i'm quite serious about this, it's as though something or someone is trying to return us to the dark times, and i fear my powers alone may not be enough to stop it,
i need another cromwell witch, i need you, mother, there are plenty of other witches and warlocks in halloweentown, why don't you recruit one of them?
oh, i've tried, you know how it is today, no one wants to get involved, mother, i'm sure that you believe that there's some kind of problem, but i can't just leave my kids to go fight some nameless force in another world
that i have nothing to do with, nothing to do with?
hm, well, fine, bury your head in the sand of the precious mortal world of yours, perhaps the cromwell line will end with you, but let's just hope that halloweentown doesn't come to an end along with it,
mother, then she talked about all this weird stuff that's happening in halloweentown, like it's a real place, and then she turned our leftovers into a live chicken, standing right there in the bowl,
and that's why i knew that she is a witch, and so is mom and so am i!
i could lose my powers forever, you don't really believe all this witch stuff is true, do ya?
dylan, haven't you ever wondered about the stuff that goes on in our house?
no, like why mom won't let us talk about, watch or read anything that has the word "magic" in it?
no, haven't you ever wondered why we pretend halloween doesn't exist?
- no, - well, i have, and now that i've found out the truth,
i'm not gonna stay here and turn all boring and human like you, what do you mean, boring like me?
- i don't know, can i put my shoe on now?
- i'm having the déja vu feeling again, - you knew i was gonna put on my shoe?
dylan, this is halloweentown, just like the book, or maybe we fell asleep on the bus, yeah, that's it, it's all a dream, the decorations, the goblins, the witches, the ghosts, ,
and grandma - she was a dream, too, oh, no - grandma, where'd she go?
um, , no, but that's ok, see, we came with our grandma, we kind of lost her in the crowd getting off the bus, do you know where she lives?
oh, of course, she's lived in the same house for 200 years,
i thought i heard someone listening, well, i suppose i can assume your mother doesn't know you're here,
i dare say that she's going to be very upset when she finds you're gone,
yeah, the bad thing or the force field, whatever it is, you said you needed another cromwell witch, that could be me, you can train me!
yeah, well, i suppose it would be all right if you could stay a little while, as long as we get you home before it's midnight in the mortal world, but that's only two hours from now,
ha, oh, drat, that's what i get for trying to use instant, mm, (sighs)
just doesn't work like it does when you make it from scratch, well, that's something i can help you with!
well, let's look at the original recipe, come, come, come over here, now, let's look, let's all look, quick, now see, , that's it!
"vampire's fang, hair of a werewolf, sweat of a ghost, ,"
- nice to see you, - hello, joe, is there gonna be a halloween party today, grandma?
everybody's all dressed up, well, this is the way we always dress, dear, the people who started your halloween just imitated our traditions, mortals see, mortals do, that's the way your mother ran into your father -
well, there was a time when humans and monsters and witches and vampires and all the rest of us could be together, it was the dark times, that was a bad mix, because humans feared us and tried to destroy us,
so we did our best to make them miserable in return, but it was turning us evil, which we are not!
well, i don't have all the details yet, but i do know one thing -
i want you to leave this alone for now, especially with the children, it's much too dangerous for you to be involved with by yourself, oh!
just two days, that's all, mm, come along, children, but let's be real careful, and marnie, not a wor, , oh, marnie!
she's found the brooms, cool, flying brooms, wow, well, marnie, oh, grandma, look at these things!
if you think you can handle it, oh, handle it, this is a cromwell you're talking to, dear, she'll be an expert in no time, check it out, well, um, how do you make it go?
oh, you know, by magic, oh, right, i knew that, how sweet, buying little marlie here her first broom, huh?
it's marnie, this is a local boy, luke, hey, don't sell me too short there, grammy,
i'm something of a big cheese around here, maybe i could show you around sometime, buy you an ice cream, the abominable snowman has a little shop down the street, you know, i was kind of hungry,
but then, , i smelled something stinky, it must have been the big cheese, perhaps another time, yeah, like never,
you know, if you people were smart, you'd be nice to me,
i'm friends with some very powerful creatures around here, you know, ,
oh, that luke dude - he's turned into such a wiener, all right, now, if you want to be totally rad, , you've got to have the day-glo bristles, now, the purple dragonfly here - it's awesome,
and i tried to stop 'em, mom, but they hypnotized me,
- and i thought you were brave, - hey, this is mom, stop it, i don't want to hear any more excuses,
i want you all just to get back on that bus, because we are going home, but, mom, grandma needs help, and since you won't help her, she needs the only other cromwell witch there is - me,
- you are not a witch, - oh, yes, i am, no thanks to you, you were gonna let my powers go away forever, marnie, there is so much more involved in this than you understand,
- that's the only one we've got, - hey, hey, that's my espresso,
- no, no, hey, , - and i'm never going to school again!
that's enough, oh, and if you marry him, i am not calling him "dad,"
i'm not marrying anyone, and this discussion is over, we are going home,
i don't fear him or any creature, take me to him,
but, mom, i mean, you can go home if you want to,
i mean, sophie probably doesn't belong here, and dylan thinks he's hallucinating anyway, i'll be all right by myself, marnie, you're 13, but all the other witches get to do all kinds of stuff when they're 13,
just because your grandmother said that you're a witch doesn't make you one, she didn't have to tell me,
all this weird stuff's been happening to sophie, did that stuff happen to me?
yes, yes, you showed signs of having the powers, and i hid them from you, just like i am doing with sophie, and i did it for you, because this is not your world,
first you put them under an evil spell, and then you turn them into statues, no, not statues, they're very much alive!
merely frozen in time until i need them, to do what?
- well, he is a werewolf, - can i help you kids?
oh, yeah, um, i was just wondering if you had any part-time jobs available,
but i've always wanted to become a beauty technician, oh, careful, loki, careful, she's an herb, not a shrub, ok?
think salad - light, crispy, well, you know, um, i could really be a help maybe, uh, sweeping the trimmings around the shop,
- maybe even doing some hairstyling, - don't touch that, ok?
- don't worry, i use these all the time, - put that down, the other button!
- no, no, the other button, what i need you to do, , it's only to be used by a trained professionals so just put the thing down,
i got it, i got it, the other button, sweetheart, put the thing down,
round, round, run around, turn and turn, and number two, and turn and turn, and stir the cauldron, one, two, three, with your left hand, now we're gonna stroke and stroke,
keep those hips moving, and stroke, keep on going, now, stroke, and, dogs, keep on up with the others, no slobbering on people, huh?
- look, a real ghost, - and a real sweat box,
all right, distract him long enough so i can get the sweat, would you get a grip?
i mean, give me a break, i have trouble remembering agua.
i thought you said you're a witch, the least you can do is remember a dumb spell, ok, ok, uh, ,
it sounded pretty, so i made up a song for it, bet y march, bet y guythur...
i like to make up songs, you know, grandma says that spells are stronger when you have more than one witch, you wanna help me?
you can't be serious, you're not actually thinking of going into that thing,
i have to, it's the only way to save mom and grandma, but what are we gonna do?
- marnie, it's a trap, he's waiting for you, - out of my way, luke, look, about what happened earlier,
i didn't know he was gonna do that to your mom and grandma, save your tricks, twerp, ok?
i offer you the chance to return to our days of glory, to end this exile from the mortal world, which the humans have stolen from us,
follow me, my fellow citizens of halloweentown, too long have we been exiled to this second-class world, forced to live here in this halloweentown,
i've got to install this thing before it's too late, no, he'll see you, you'll end up just like the others,
, , to our true natures, to celebrate the evil within us, to reveal ourselves as we really are, calabar?
your days of rule are at an end, calabar, do not underestimate me, agatha,
now my darkness will spread unchecked and i will be ruler of both worlds!
looks like we just added another witch to the family, or should i say warlock?
(calabar), , like a dark shadow over, , no way, i don't have any powers, i'm the normal one in this family, hey, chocolate bar, you better give that talisman back or you're in big trouble,
you half-human brat, do you think that your magic is any match for mine?
hm, no, but let's see if my powers and my mom's and my grandmother's and my sister's and my brother's might do it, hit it, guys,
you were right, there was a lot about halloweentown that i, , i didn't understand, and i'm sorry about the things i said and did, and i'm sorry that i didn't trust you,
you are everything i could've ever hoped for in a daughter and so much more, thank you, oh, my, you've got quite a coven here, my dear,
no, but you did that before when you decided to help me,
i never could've done it without you, thanks, hey, if you ever come back to halloweentown, look me up,
i could use a babysitter on thursday nights, you know my pta meetings, sometimes they go on forever, well, dear, you know that i can't cross over, only on halloween night, hm,
well, then i guess you're just gonna have to come live with us, that is, if you want to,
he has 15 sentences for stealing and enjoys only brief bursts of freedom.
little jan has 12 sentences, but he is still too young to be imprisoned.
in ten years i'll either be imprisoned, dead or a millionaire.
maybe i'll buy a calculator with my share of the money.
ali got caught with a tv in a wheelbarrow and was imprisoned the day he turned 15.
he has 15 sentences for stealing and enjoys only brief bursts of freedom.
little jan has 12 sentences, but he is still too young to be imprisoned.
he was removed from his uncle and sent to a foster home away from bergen.
he's turned 15, but it is as yet unknown whether he will serve time.
he has shied away from crime now that he knows he can be sent to prison.
didn't you hear? so, what happened? they say the town got wasted! dankin was buried in corpses.
the coffin maker got so rich, he built himself a mansion made of wood! that's nuts! what'd you expect? messing with vash is like waltzing with death.
- a monster! by the way, mister, we heard that vash the stampede was in felnarl... vash?
who are you two? are you innocent-looking things after the $ $60 billion reward? not at all.
i've got you in my sights! boss, he's over here! er, i'd rather you lowered the gun quietly.
forget it! surely you don't like pain? i'm used to it.
yes, ma'am! what do you want? p-pleased to m-meet you! i'm meryl stryfe from the bernardelli insurance society.
i'm milly thompson! please accept this token of good will! smooth, ma'am! what're you doing here?
! i finally found you, my $ $60 billion beauty... ...vash the stampede.
i am ruth loose... ...the bounty hunter called "constance rifle." vash the stampede, i'm here for your head.
so how are we going to approach him this time? this one's a thirty-pack! way to go, ma'am! if you are courteous, there is nothing to fear.
you've got a lot of nerve to come back here! uh, please accept this token of good will! where's the guy who ran away with you? w-we split up halfway! it was so damned hard to track him down.
you know, if you'd tied the rope to a tree like i told you, this wouldn't have happened.
if i had, we'd have ruined some guy's chariot, just 'cause you didn't like the way he talked to you.
but now that you're here they seem a very poor substitute for reality.
well, i'll admit i've been having some fantasies of my own.
i got into a very small booth and you follow me in.
your hand, like the breeze, reaches up my inner thigh and i turn around and i say,
brad chase does indeed suffer from a severe case of irritable bowel syndrome and his gastroenterologist has told him to take up sports to strengthen the gluteus maximus muscles to control things back there.
and this is the first i've ever heard of it but apparently the high altitude of the ski slopes is also good in helping to prevent leakage.
i'll never be able to guarantee you a job but i promise...
i know you think this is about me being mad at crane, poole and schmidt, but it isn't.
if you convict irma of this charge she'll have to register as a sex offender.
she'll be lumped into the same group as rapist and child molesters.
cut the crap, alan it's about boobs and you need a nice pair at the table.
you are absolutely delicious when you cut to the heart of the matter like that.
say you voted for the incumbent congressman last election, and i live on the opposite side of the street and i voted against him?
his party can draw the line down the middle of the street to include you and exclude me.
this case is all about the railroading of my client's first amendment rights.
and mr. bodnar seems to be conductor on the said railroad.
before we start, i just wanna say i love those mailers you send out come election time.
we're all inspired by the story of your roots, your father the czechoslovakian cobbler, your mother the czechoslovakian cobbler's wife.
i also wanna thank you for taking the time to be here.
you're a busy man keeping criminals off the street, fighting for truth, justice and the american way, and yet you make time to be here.
we could get to the appeals process, but so many of our fine judges are not into the first amendment these days.
and if by some miracle we make it into the supreme court.
you are aware my client runs a shelter for battered women?
do you think persecuting her will play well with the distaff side?
it's inspired him to pluck his hat from those beautiful blond locks and toss it into the ring.
i can just see the two of you in a televised debate.
you see they arrested ms. levine and the other women before and charged them with 'disturbing the peace'.
when a woman is arrested for sunbathing topless in a public park, she's either charged with disturbing the peace or more likely the cop says,
now, i know that may sound archain and theoretical to you.
but i assure you that to the politicians in power, there is nothing more dear to their hearts.
home of the people and the spirit of freedom that literally created this country.
our community standard is that we won't be silenced by the king of england, much less the district attorney!
i mean i'm very busy over lunch and morning break and afternoon coffee.
that would leave three or four hours when i won't need the office at all.
in the matter of the commonwealth versus irma levine, on the count of open and gross lewdness and lascivious behavior, we find the defendant, not guilty.
ladies and gentlemen of the jury we thank you for your services.
he was on a school trip to andrews air force base.
he left the group and snuck into a restricted hangar at the naval air facility.
you know, detective, daily incident reports are easy for naval personnel to access.
if the killers had those reports, they could figure out that josh was a witness and can identify them.
i want a list of all naval personnel unaccounted for since saturday.
i want you to speak personally with each and every one of them.
sir, harriet and i called down the list of unaccounted-for personnel over at andrews.
and we spoke with everyone, except for a petty officer second class elvgren.
i appreciate your kindness, admiral, but i hope that day never comes.
rabb, why did i have to hear about this from the baltimore police?
we're mounting an operation to get them all, in this country and abroad.
your ill-timed visit to andrews has thrown a monkey wrench into our plans.
you know more about computers at your age than i ever will.
you know, when i was 10, all i had was a newspaper route, a model airplane and an unbroken string of the x
oh, hilda, no one's gonna pay $7 to watch you kiss leonardo dicaprio.
besides, i have a date friday night, and i'm cleaning my ears.
it's one of life's lessons and even witches can't tamper with life's lessons.
i want to live in a world where you can escape your problems and not learn anything.
in the meantime, try not to worry too much about what other people think.
but if i don't worry about what other people think, what will they say?
the admiral wants to ask you questions concerning the disappearance of his daughter, francesca.
if you admit guilt or complicity in her abduction, that makes you an accessory to kidnapping.
on my way out in the ship's launch, it occurred to me:
nothing has changed here in 2000 years, not since cicero was in gaeta.
prosecution will prove that chief warrant officer raymond dillard, in his capacity as ordnance officer for the sixth fleet, is guilty of the following violations of the ucmj:
article 121, the wrongful taking of five stinger missiles which were military property.
i sometimes wonder what would have happened if i had stayed with you.
well, you'd be living in a cabin in the woods, married to a man who's never home.
for the first time, he takes a place in the family business and vows to avenge his brother's death.
cia intel indicates that these stingers are still here in italy.
the latest trouble between the two families began three weeks ago, when vittorio paretti hijacked one of antinori's trucks.
it had a cargo of algerian oranges, or so the manifest said.
i need you to authorise an ep-3 overflight in the region of umbria, near the town of monte santa maria tiberina.
also, i may need to request the italian government send in their g.i.s. special forces.
the admiral wants to ask you questions concerning the disappearance of his daughter, francesca.
if you admit guilt or complicity in her abduction, that makes you an accessory to kidnapping.
on my way out in the ship's launch, it occurred to me:
nothing has changed here in 2000 years, not since cicero was in gaeta.
prosecution will prove that chief warrant officer raymond dillard, in his capacity as ordnance officer for the sixth fleet, is guilty of the following violations of the ucmj:
article 121, the wrongful taking of five stinger missiles which were military property.
i sometimes wonder what would have happened if i had stayed with you.
well, you'd be living in a cabin in the woods, married to a man who's never home.
for the first time, he takes a place in the family business and vows to avenge his brother's death.
cia intel indicates that these stingers are still here in italy.
the latest trouble between the two families began three weeks ago, when vittorio paretti hijacked one of antinori's trucks.
it had a cargo of algerian oranges, or so the manifest said.
i need you to authorise an ep-3 overflight in the region of umbria, near the town of monte santa maria tiberina.
also, i may need to request the italian government send in their g.i.s. special forces.
it's like this dream i had when i was a kid.
first day of school, wandering around looking for the right classroom.
defaulted on a $50,000 bank loan against the equity of her house.
taylor buys her a house, she hocks it to pay off her habit.
we have evidence that mary coleman bought a gun and was learning how to use it.
i can't think of any reason why she would do that or why she would want to harm me.
if we can get fingerprints from suzanne taylor, we think they will match the prints from coleman's glock used to shoot her brother-in-law.
will this lemonhead boggs character testify that he sold the weapon to suzanne taylor?
it's like this dream i had when i was a kid.
first day of school, wandering around looking for the right classroom.
defaulted on a $50,000 bank loan against the equity of her house.
taylor buys her a house, she hocks it to pay off her habit.
we have evidence that mary coleman bought a gun and was learning how to use it.
i can't think of any reason why she would do that or why she would want to harm me.
if we can get fingerprints from suzanne taylor, we think they will match the prints from coleman's glock used to shoot her brother-in-law.
will this lemonhead boggs character testify that he sold the weapon to suzanne taylor?
i measured myself yesterday, and i'm a quarter-inch shorter than last year.
ray, you could shrink a foot and still not be the shortest guy on the team.
why don't you go home, hug your fathers, and maybe we'll win a game.
you should do what they made us do at the seminar.
i know you're not excited about spending eternity with my parents... but it's not going to be like now, when all they have to do is cross the street.
i mean, they're going to have to bust out of their coffins... and tunnel through the dirt... just to get to our coffin.
ray, you're supposed to be having a mid-iife crisis, not an end-of-iife crisis.
look, don't tell me how to have a mid-iife crisis, okay?
ray, you could shrink a foot and still not be the shortest guy on the team.
you could lose a leg and still not be the slowest.
you should do what they made us do at the seminar.
you make a list of the 1 00 things you want to do before you die.
see, your father and i have all we need, right in here.
we have our will and our insurance... and the deed to our burial plot.
that is why every night i take this cream... and desperately try to turn back the clock.
and even though i know it's a losing battle, i still do it anyway.
our lord told john that we'd see messengers traveling to and from heaven.
however, it's unlikely that a holy messenger would take the form of the likes of this.
course, my drawings always looked like a log with a mane and a tail.
i guess you could see almost anything in it if you were looking for it.
if we'd only believe in jesus, we'd never go hungry again.
reverend hanes said the apostles saw jesus, but they didn't believe.
i don't even know what the hell the millennium group is.
neither do i, but i know they have their own agenda, which is not in the best interest of the girls.
"jesus said 'as god is my witness, you'll see the sky open and god's messengers traveling to and from the sons of adam."'
"jesus said he'd show us wonders if we only believed what we saw."
before emperor constantine even became a christian in 337, he ordered the confiscation and destruction of all works that challenged orthodox christianity, as set forth by the council of nicaea in 325.
the gnostic texts were excluded from the bible for, among other things, promoting the idea that mary magdalene was christ's witness and the only apostle who truly understood christ's teachings.
before launching into that, she parroted a speech the preacher gave this morning.
if all hell hadn't broken loose, maybe she would have added:
clare's gonna pitch a fit when she finds out about this.
i understand your concern, but looking at clare's belongings, finding out about her interests will tell us more about her than she'll verbalize.
it's believed to be part of a religion that can be traced back to the first century.
they're usually associated with natural phenomenon, ley lines, places of power.
lately they seem to prey on my loneliness, driving me to an inevitability.
and if it's true for me then it will be true for frank.
who she is or could be is out of the control of the group.
regardless of what happened in there, telling her that she's blessed or cursed with visions,
instead, i get a candidate fumbling in the dark, so obviously afraid, not only of what she knows, but of what she doesn't know.
i know enough to recognize that the role that you're playing is a lie, and that your only agenda is that of the family.
you've been without his guidance ever since you came into this town.
you fear him, but you rely on him, but he's afraid.
"if you bring forth what is within you, what you bring forth will save you."
"if you do not bring forth what is within you, what you do not bring forth will destroy you."
there had to be a sacrifice in order to set certain events in motion.
so, your belief in some twisted destiny allows you to justify your inaction?
over time that vision changed, inevitably prompting a split between the two groups.
the shroud of turin was carbon-dated and found to be from the 14th century.
some believe that clare mckenna is the descendant of jesus christ and mary magdalene,
whom he took as his apostle, his witness and his wife.
"she will come in a boat, like the daughters of danaus and the virgin of bologne-sur-mer."
"she fed the saint, which inspired the warrior monks to dig up the stable of a thousand horses and take their treasure to help the angels build the churches."
i've sort of "soft-pedaled" this whole job thing with you for the last couple months.
because i know how annoying it is when i bring up the subject of employment.
these people were leaving the other day, and i started to say, "take care!"
you know... which would've been fine, until i wanted say, good luck.
when you say my name, it worries me a little bit, when you say it like that.
i get the feeling when you come in here each week...
dad, if i feel this way this morning, the coffee cannot be good for you.
well, you have to mix the coffee... 'cause i've got a pain, like, right here.
i tend to remember my dreams when i don't sleep well.
well, we tend to do those things in our dreams that we're afraid to do when we're awake.
you gotta call a tow-truck company, and i learned something recently.
when you call a tow truck company, you are never calling from a position of strength, and you'd better know that when you decide on the tone of the phone call.
we used to go out to the yard and look at ant piles.
i could look at an ant pile for... not too long.
and if i don't give it to him now, his condition becomes irreversible.
no one's doing anything until i figure out what the hell is going on.
no one's doing anything until i figure out what the hell is going on.
if you want to shoot me, then go ahead and do it.
and if i don't give it to him now, his condition becomes irreversible.
no one's doing anything until i figure out what the hell is going on.
yeah, i think we're inside a deep crevasse of a glacier.
if their stargate's been overrun by ice, possibly on a planet in the middle of an ice age.
it's going to take some time to load test them though.
just tell me the minute we can send a probe through.
don't ask me how, i haven't figured that part out yet.
anyway, they got sent back to earth... but for some reason we got sent here.
well, we don't totally understand how it works... but the theory we have so far is that the gate creates an artificial wormhole... that somehow transfers an energised matter stream in one direction... along an extra- dimensional conduit.
i think the matter stream between stargates got redirected... kind of like a lightning bolt jumping from one point to another in mid- strike.
now, i figure it had to have been the attack on p4a- 771.
the gate itself was probably struck by enough energy during the firefight... to influence the direction of the matter stream before we reached the other side.
what i'm saying is... we must have emerged through a stargate relatively close to earth... in the'gate network... somewhere between p4a- 771 and earth.
now, if the sg rescue teams reach the same conclusion... it could significantly reduce their search.
okay, so if they are not there... and they are not here...
it is possible that they might have perished within the wormhole.
assuming you're right, why haven't they used that stargate to come back on their own?
teal'c and i were flung out of this'gate at this end so fast i don't even remember hitting the ramp.
it has to be something as simple as the control interface.
if we can dig down to the panel on the dhd i can fix it.
want you to drink as much of this as you can.
once that sterno dies, we won't be able to thaw any more.
yeah, i think we're inside a deep crevasse of a glacier.
if their stargate's been overrun by ice, possibly on a planet in the middle of an ice age.
you wouldn't think jagged bone digging into raw nerves would hurt, but it does.
sorry sir, but i've never done this before in my life.
daniel didn't misdial ... but for some reason the stargate malfunctioned during transit.
don't ask me how, i haven't figured that part out yet.
i think the matter stream between stargates got redirected ... kind of like a lightning bolt jumping from one point to another in mid-strike.
now, i figure it had to have been the attack on p4a-771.
well, at least we've narrowed an entire galaxy of stargates down to a handful of possibilities.
assuming you're right, why haven't they used that stargate to come back on their own?
teal'c and i were flung out of this 'gate at this end so fast i don't even remember hitting the ramp.
now, they could be badly hurt, in which case we will not have to search far from the stargates themselves.
i just thought we had to combine body heat or we wouldn't make it through the night.
that's fine ... it's just really hard to sleep ... with broken ribs when ... someone's lying on you.
once that sterno dies, we won't be able to thaw any more.
i should have gotten you out of here by now, i'm sorry.
you take the rest of the supplies ... and climb out of here.
take your chances up on the planet ... head towards daylight.
it would have to be in a remote location otherwise it would have been discovered by now.
it could have even been buried until ... recently otherwise the goa'uld would have continued to use it.
i was here, i thought someone was trying an off-world activation, but nothing happened.
except for the chevrons glowed and there was a slight vibration.
if their stargate's been overrun by ice, possibly on a planet in the middle of an ice age.
now, there is some light filtering through up there and there are... some fissures in the ice, but all of them are too narrow to follow very far.
it's going to take some time to load test them though.
just tell me the minute we can send a probe through.
don't ask me how, i haven't figured that part out yet.
anyway, they got sent back to earth... but for some reason we got sent here.
well, we don't totally understand how it works... but the theory we have so far is that the gate creates an artificial wormhole... that somehow transfers an energised matter stream in one direction... along an extra- dimensional conduit.
i think the matter stream between stargates got redirected... kind of like a lightning bolt jumping from one point to another in mid- strike.
now, i figure it had to have been the attack on p4a- 771.
the gate itself was probably struck by enough energy during the firefight... to influence the direction of the matter stream before we reached the other side.
what i'm saying is... we must have emerged through a stargate relatively close to earth... in the'gate network... somewhere between p4a- 771 and earth.
now, if the sg rescue teams reach the same conclusion... it could significantly reduce their search.
okay, so if they are not there... and they are not here...
it is possible that they might have perished within the wormhole.
assuming you're right, why haven't they used that stargate to come back on their own?
teal'c and i were flung out of this'gate at this end so fast i don't even remember hitting the ramp.
it has to be something as simple as the control interface.
if we can dig down to the panel on the dhd i can fix it.
want you to drink as much of this as you can.
once that sterno dies, we won't be able to thaw any more.
we really have the same sensations and perceptions we did in our human form.
well, if you think about it, the human body is just a machine.
so, we must remain near the power source in case it breaks down again.
without the continuous stream of energy from the emitter, these bodies could not function for more than a few hours.
you and i have got a few things to talk about.
i won't give you a hard time about who gets to go back, if that's what you mean.
give me one good reason why i shouldn't break you in half.
colonel, he's the only one who can put our consciousness back into our real bodies.
we really do have all the same sensations and perceptions that we did in our human form.
well, if you think about it, the human body is just a machine.
you and i have got a few things to talk about.
i'm not going to give you a hard time about who gets to go back, if that's what you mean.
what do we know about these devices they were wearing ?
they all emit low levels of radiation, indicating an operative energy source.
i thought they were from a parallel culture, but looks like they might be way ahead of us.
we've determined humans on other planets originated here on earth, right ?
captain carter, i want you to monitor the situation on tollan very closely.
as soon as it's safe there, i want those people gone.
i want to assure you we're doing all we can to relocate your people.
- are we to have some say in the matter ?
put a cat in a box, add a can of poisoned gas...
activated by the decay of a radioactive atom, and close the box.
enough to begin a chain of events that made our world unstable.
so that would explain why he's so afraid to give a society like ours any of your technology.
i read about your conflict with colonel kennedy in his report.
i assure you, such an attitude will not prevail with me in either direction.
if their stargate's been overrun by ice, possibly on a planet in the middle of an ice age.
now, there is some light filtering through up there and there are... some fissures in the ice, but all of them are too narrow to follow very far.
it's going to take some time to load test them though.
just tell me the minute we can send a probe through.
don't ask me how, i haven't figured that part out yet.
anyway, they got sent back to earth... but for some reason we got sent here.
well, we don't totally understand how it works... but the theory we have so far is that the gate creates an artificial wormhole... that somehow transfers an energised matter stream in one direction... along an extra- dimensional conduit.
i think the matter stream between stargates got redirected... kind of like a lightning bolt jumping from one point to another in mid- strike.
now, i figure it had to have been the attack on p4a- 771.
the gate itself was probably struck by enough energy during the firefight... to influence the direction of the matter stream before we reached the other side.
what i'm saying is... we must have emerged through a stargate relatively close to earth... in the'gate network... somewhere between p4a- 771 and earth.
now, if the sg rescue teams reach the same conclusion... it could significantly reduce their search.
okay, so if they are not there... and they are not here...
it is possible that they might have perished within the wormhole.
assuming you're right, why haven't they used that stargate to come back on their own?
teal'c and i were flung out of this'gate at this end so fast i don't even remember hitting the ramp.
it has to be something as simple as the control interface.
if we can dig down to the panel on the dhd i can fix it.
want you to drink as much of this as you can.
once that sterno dies, we won't be able to thaw any more.
i sincerely hope that these words will be of a greater exactness... than the hundreds of photographic plates i've made.
it is the first time i put greater faith in a few paltry words on paper... than in the veracity of images fixed by acid and chemicals.
i'd had enough of travelling with a piece of glass before my eyes.
it took my steamer six weeks to trudge its way to nagasaki.
my departure was sudden... but you won't be surprised to hear i've returned here.
as usual, nagasaki was melting under a stifling blanket of wet heat.
moji, the first large station on the 1000 miles of road... between nagasaki and tokyo.
the dusty road, etched into my memory plate by plate... the road o-kiku and i had so often taken.
you were so very famous, everyone wanted to see you at work!
once, you even hired someone to chase us off... but everybody came right back and crowded in front of your camera!
the wind is a poor friend to love, they say in japan.
from the very day i took in o-kiku... a strange, erratic wind began blowing in my head.
my niece complains... that she doesn't want any dead foreigners in her establishment.
the police have already come around asking why you haven't registered.
she wouldn't take anything from me... because you were my master.
she said that she'd left you and thus had no right to my help.
it took me a long time to persuade her to come with me to the studio.
i told her a woman would be lost without a husband.
i wonder if the image i have of her now is anything like what she was.
her face is no more than a vague smudge... but i can still hear her voice clearly.
do you remember how i taught her to say my name?
she turned the words over on her tongue carefully... like someone trying a spicy dish:
she hated the bowler hats and black shoes under grey kimonos... hated the seamen and the brothels, the bright kimonos of the whores... their silent gaze from behind the grilled windows of pleasure... the syphilis hidden beneath the whiteness of their makeup.
in yokohama the europeans still act as if the town is theirs.
she thinks that she can go with you, away from here.
you may be a man of some means... but madam will never allow you to take away that little money-maker.
earth rounds the turn of sun returning in the same accidental place.
and subject that invented this calendar he was careful that earth was plane.
like them they can adore like this grincha did he make that soon afterwards that them?
it is certainly them him wanted with consideration in great ears.
clear upward because you will be soon he whistled through thread.
there now mary... any there now, then jump is and this banquet mortuary he/she behaves like this how it consented.
as year approaches announcement dies old this was not this been possible for he/she doesn't make this looks back and for he/she doesn't make this sees that people didn't do him this reach and this that never if it will turn we turned.
count what you want on this year, he already finished, he left and as to himself i attend him/it here he/she doesn't have people different with that it would like to be group running with death, which with dazzling speed more and more to himself for us brings closer.
we cannot lock on the outside for old year and to look ahead?
i thought that you new year of care has for accidental point in terrestrial orbit?
we will just cover it up with makeup, and it'll be fine.
no, aunt peggy. i'm not gonna use hair or makeups anymore.
okay, you just go ahead and grieve any way that you want.
redbook says losing a boyfriend is the fourth most painful loss.
the passing of buckley is a great loss and a sad occasion.
would anyone care to come up and say a few words about buckley?
is a world without buckley a world we want to live in?
as a buddhist, of course, i get comfort from a story.
ever since the explosion, every song i play sounds like feels so good.
maybe that's because it does "feel so good" to be alive.
have you thought about who'll take care of bobby when you're gone... 'cause i'd like to throw my hat in the ring.
i'd take him to baseball games... and me and peggy could sit up in bed at night picking out colleges.
you like a butterfly flapping his wings deep down in a forest, man.
it gonna cause a tree to fall over 5,000 miles away, man.
don't got no nothing but to come in to find out all about the old evil, man.
you don't even know what you going.... lt's like you're born into this world and you got like this, man.
he headed for the sidelines, but these two lions were closing in on him.
then out of the corner of his eye he saw a strawberry,
a bunch of us are going to hang out at the mall, wanna come?
i did have a prior engagement, but i can always tape it.
during the last days, i didn't know whether to talk to him or not.
whether he wanted me to stay or for it to end like that.
and then, on the last day, i packed our gear with the mason.
and i didn't know what to do, and the fool still said nothing.
i might be working at the blue as a waitress first, then a barmaid.
they're selling the flat, we're out at the end of the month.
i walked to the truck... and at each step i hoped he'd tell me to stay.
he let me get into the truck... and that was that.
those of you who've just arrived, fill in the forms... and attach your photos.
think of your favorite star, lauren bacall, dietrich, garbo-- lf you've already been a waitress, say where and for how long.
i might be working at the blue as a waitress first, then a barmaid.
they're selling the flat, we're out at the end of the month.
during the last days, i didn't know whether to talk to him or not.
whether he wanted me to stay or for it to end like that.
and then, on the last day, i packed our gear with the mason.
and i didn't know what to do, and the fool still said nothing.
i might be working at the blue as a waitress first, then a barmaid.
they're selling the flat, we're out at the end of the month.
during the last days, i didn't know whether to talk to him or not.
whether he wanted me to stay or for it to end like that.
and then, on the last day, i packed our gear with the mason.
and i didn't know what to do, and the fool still said nothing.
so, i said good... bye to him like to the others.
i walked to the truck... and at each step i hoped he'd tell me to stay.
this guy on a scooter goes by... and says, "hang on to me."
so i hang on and put out my hand for soléne to hang on...
i might be working at the blue as a waitress first, then a barmaid.
they're selling the flat, we're out at the end of the month.
during the last few days, i didn't know whether to talk to him i didn't know if he wanted me to stay or if he wanted it to just end
we'd never talked about our feelings so it wasn't that simple
on the last day, we were packing up with the mason i didn't know what to do.
and the fool never said anything i said goodbye to him as with everyone else i walked up to the van
she's had her eye on you for a while but she's too shy to talk to you
she knows all about you - you're a great guy, you've got money...
excitement i'm sure she'll bring him here to fuck i'm sure i'll hear her say again, "quiet, sandrine's asleep"
it pisses me off, seeing my mother with a guy like that
we're watching closely for signs of her waking up or any improvement
when you see her, if the sound of your voice or anything else triggers off a sign please come and see me or one of the nurses lt's very important
shit. lf her mother's dead, that means we'll get thrown out
those who've just arrived, fill in the form and attach your photo
i wonder if she can hear anything i wonder if she understands what we're saying to her
i tried something yesterday i found her diary on her desk l read it to her.
you were just too slow i don't know how to skate
- a hot pizza delivery guy - l didn't get to see him
we have to be out by the end of the month
you can always go and stay with charly and fredo i might be working at blue.
"so far over 700 people have signed the petition against the reduction in library opening hours."
"causton cid, who are investigating the murder of agnes gray, from the midsomer area, would like to talk to anyone who knew her."
i don't know what you're playing at, constantly passing me over like a boot boy.
how am i supposed to retain the respect of my actors?
i'm quite sure that a girl with the talents and abilities of buffy will land on her feet.
in fact, i noticed as i came in this morning that hot dog on a stick is hiring.
couldn't you just tell a few people, like principal snyder and maybe the police?
i mean, i would think they would be happy to have a superhero.
she doesn't wanna talk about it, we don't, so why don't we just shut up and dance?
well, buffy said she did wanna loosen up, you know, have some kid time.
while buffy was gone, all i could think about was getting her home.
i just knew that if i could put my arms around her and tell her i loved her, it would be ok.
if that word is buffy, then i have two words for you: "good" and "riddance".
now, if you don't mind, i have an appointment with the mayor.
buffy summers is a minor, and is entitled to a public education.
your personal dislike of the girl does not legally entitle you to...
i'm quite sure that a girl with the talents and abilities of buffy will land on her feet.
in fact, i noticed as i came in this morning that hot dog on a stick is hiring.
couldn't you just tell a few people, like principal snyder and maybe the police?
i mean, i would think they would be happy to have a superhero.
she doesn't wanna talk about it, we don't, so why don't we just shut up and dance?
well, buffy said she did wanna loosen up, you know, have some kid time.
while buffy was gone, all i could think about was getting her home.
i just knew that if i could put my arms around her and tell her i loved her, it would be ok.
if that word is buffy, then i have two words for you: "good" and "riddance".
now, if you don't mind, i have an appointment with the mayor.
buffy summers is a minor, and is entitled to a public education.
your personal dislike of the girl does not legally entitle you to...
so skip the heart-warming stuff about kindly old people and get right to the dirt.
perhaps buffy could use a little time to adjust before we grill her on her summer activities.
how can you be so cavalier about a young girl's entire future?
i'm quite sure that a girl with the talents and abilities of buffy will land on her feet.
i sort of took it upon myself to look after her while you were, you know, off and away or what have you, and...
well, between your situation and reading deep end of the ocean, she was... she was just a wreck.
it's not like i need to ride a little bus to school.
couldn't you just tell a few people, like principal snyder and maybe the police?
- i have grounds, precedent and a tingly kind of feeling.
buffy summers is a minor, and is entitled to a public education.
i'm quite sure that a girl with the talents and abilities of buffy will land on her feet.
in fact, i noticed as i came in this morning that hot dog on a stick is hiring.
couldn't you just tell a few people, like principal snyder and maybe the police?
i mean, i would think they would be happy to have a superhero.
she doesn't wanna talk about it, we don't, so why don't we just shut up and dance?
well, buffy said she did wanna loosen up, you know, have some kid time.
while buffy was gone, all i could think about was getting her home.
i just knew that if i could put my arms around her and tell her i loved her, it would be ok.
if that word is buffy, then i have two words for you: "good" and "riddance".
now, if you don't mind, i have an appointment with the mayor.
buffy summers is a minor, and is entitled to a public education.
your personal dislike of the girl does not legally entitle you to...
then i proceed to sneak over to the girls' room, and i tell angela that you're dreaming and calling out her name.
she then walks down the hallway, past a snoring feeny, to your room.
we spent two hours on a jigsaw puzzle, and half the pieces are missing?
yeah, these idiots keep putting the money into the snow-making equipment and completely skimp on the puzzle budget.
i've never done anything like that before 'cause i'm from the city.
and in the city we don't see that many stars because of what they call...
so you lied to your girlfriend because last night didn't mean anything.
i lied to my girlfriend because i don't want to hurt her.
and you mean everything to me, so i want to be honest with you.
i lied about my ankle today so i could stay at the lodge.
by the eyes of an outsider these people are just ordinary humans.
until you personally know them then you'll realize that there are
grand father grand mother playing with a cow up on the clear blue sky
hey you when are you going to stop playing this stupid song.
if the big entertainment group find this concept and transform it into a big hit
this time everyone in this country will be masturbating i used to contact khun narong
to enfold one's body with cotton cloth filled with sweat in torn pieces.
but leaves the whole basket of fruit taken from far away leaving the whole basket
let's not talk about a razor blade i even faint at the sight of a car bumper.
but let's talk about this suicide i haven't given up yet.
beating mrs. ann from france who lives to be 138 years old and 7 months.
you are the oldest man in the world and how do you feel?
next news is about the heroin king who die mysteriously yesterday.
the police reveal that the man found dead at the bus stop in songkla.
so he made a demo-tape and i forwarded to be analyzed by our marketing expert.
and our analysis agree that they would definitely be a smash hits.
i only have a mother, and you only have a father.
you've never seen your mom, and i've never seen my dad.
i'm really glad i bought you that personalized stationery... you just had to have.
- well, we meant to write, dad, but we just got so--
i mean, a baby's first words are always "dada," aren't they?
let me see if i get this-- you miss being able to call me dad?
your father hired her at the beginning of the summer... to do some publicity for the vineyard.
if you ask me, she's doin' a better job of selling' herself than the grapes.
so, i gotta ask myself, "what does a hot, young thing like that... see in a guy who walks around with his shirttail hangin' out... and his cereal bowl full of chili?"
then, i realized there's about a million reasons why that girl's giggling'.
it's always the same routine-- horseback riding through the vineyards, romantic dinners with his special reserved-label wine,
- moonlight swims-- - [nick] here we go-- a bottle of my special reserve-label.
honey, i'm really glad you're here, 'cause there's something really important i want to talk to you about.
that's funny, because there's something really important that i want to talk to you about.
this is the real deal, honey, and nothing you do is going to come between us.
hate to break it to you, angel, but you are no longer the only girl in nick parker's life.
i am marrying your father in two weeks, whether you like it or not.
so i suggest you do not tangle with me any more.
i just have to finish this sketch... and fedex it off to paris.
and then, how about you and i go out to lunch... and spend the rest of the day getting lost in harrod's, huh?
annie and i met at the camp, and-and we decided to switch places.
i'm sorry, but i've never seen you, and-and i dreamt of meeting you my whole life.
and annie felt the exact same way about dad, so-- so, we sorta just switched lives.
i hope you're not mad, because i love you so much, and i just hope that one day... you could love me as me and not as annie.
she's never had more than one glass of wine... in her entire life, and she chooses today to show up totally zonked.
yeah, well, just do what the woman says... and meet her up "thairs."
one of you, i'm not sure which one at the moment, but one of you told me your father knew i was arriving here today.
and i'm here to tell you the man i just saw in the elevator... had absolutely no idea he and i were on the same planet, let alone in the same hotel.
plus, in case you haven't noticed, he seems extremely content with his leggy, tight-skirted, bare-backed fiancée.
and i want the two of you to explain to your father that i am here for one purpose only.
don't tell me you're gonna break your rotten streak... and suddenly be nice to me?
if you see your father, tell him he's late and i'm waiting.
i didn't realize that you were going on this little outing.
- and to tell you the truth, i'm not so sure that i'm okay with it.
but this is your chance to really get to know the girls.
i mean after all, starting next week, they're-- they're half yours.
is that okay, by the way, if we start calling you mom?
i think your mother would prefer if you called me meredith.
i'm not going to do that again no matter how brave you are.
and i suppose you just expect me to go weak at the knees... and fall into your arms and cry hysterically... and say we'll just figure this whole thing out-- a bicontinental relationship... with our daughters being raised here an-and there and... and you and i just... picking up where we left off, and--
* you gave me more joy than i ever dreamed of *
* and no one, no one can take the place of you *
i only have a mother, and you only have a father.
you've never seen your mom, and i've never seen my dad.
i'm really glad i bought you that personalized stationery... you just had to have.
- well, we meant to write, dad, but we just got so--
what did i do, send you to summer camp or finishing school?
and why do you keep saying "dad" at the end of every sentence?
just imagine someone's life without a father-- never buying a father's day card, never sitting on their father's lap, never being able to say, "hi, dad" or "what's up, dad" or "catch you later, dad."
i mean, a baby's first words are always "dada," aren't they?
so, i gotta ask myself, "what does a hot, young thing like that... see in a guy who walks around with his shirttail hangin' out... and his cereal bowl full of chili?"
then, i realized there's about a million reasons why that girl's giggling'.
honey, i'm really glad you're here, 'cause there's something really important i want to talk to you about.
that's funny, because there's something really important that i want to talk to you about.
hey, if you're free later, why don't we all have lunch on the terrace?
well, actually, i promised hal we'd hang out together this afternoon.
this is the real deal, honey, and nothing you do is going to come between us.
hate to break it to you, angel, but you are no longer the only girl in nick parker's life.
i am marrying your father in two weeks, whether you like it or not.
so i suggest you do not tangle with me any more.
you know, mother, i feel like i could use a bit of fresh air.
w-would it be okay if i stepped outside for a moment?
i just have to finish this sketch... and fedex it off to paris.
and then, how about you and i go out to lunch... and spend the rest of the day getting lost in harrod's, huh?
annie and i met at the camp, and-and we decided to switch places.
i'm sorry, but i've never seen you, and-and i dreamt of meeting you my whole life.
and annie felt the exact same way about dad, so-- so, we sorta just switched lives.
i hope you're not mad, because i love you so much, and i just hope that one day... you could love me as me and not as annie.
- i guess you have to switch us back now, huh?
well, technically, you belong to your dad, and annie belongs to me.
plus, in case you haven't noticed, he seems extremely content with his leggy, tight-skirted, bare-backed fiancée.
and i want the two of you to explain to your father that i am here for one purpose only.
well, now that they met, we can't very well keep them apart.
well, i could keep them for half of the year, and then you could keep them.
i didn't realize that you were going on this little outing.
- and to tell you the truth, i'm not so sure that i'm okay with it.
but this is your chance to really get to know the girls.
i mean after all, starting next week, they're-- they're half yours.
is that okay, by the way, if we start calling you mom?
i think your mother would prefer if you called me meredith.
i'm not going to do that again no matter how brave you are.
and i suppose you just expect me to go weak at the knees... and fall into your arms and cry hysterically... and say we'll just figure this whole thing out-- a bicontinental relationship... with our daughters being raised here an-and there and... and you and i just... picking up where we left off, and--
* you gave me more joy than i ever dreamed of *
* and no one, no one can take the place of you *
# love is all that i can give to you #
# love is more than just a game for two #
# love is all that i can give to you #
# love is more than just a game for two... #
i mean, is he the kind of father you can talk to or is he one of those workaholic types who says,
"i'll talk to you later, honey,"but, you know, never really does?
sure you don't want to go to the mess hall and get a lemonade or something?
will you stop thinking about your stomach at a time like this?
you've never seen your mom and i've never seen my dad.
you have one old picture of your mom and i have one old picture of my dad.
what did i do, send you to summer camp or finishing school?
and why do you keep saying "dad" at the end of every sentence?
your father hired her at the beginning of the summer to do some publicity for the vineyard.
if you ask me, she's doing a better job of selling herself than the grapes.
look, you and i both know your father's not some kind of suave, debonair, bachelor-of-the-month type.
so i gotta ask myself, what does a hot young thing like that see in a guy who walks around with his shirttail hanging out and a cereal bowl full of chili.
then i realized there's about a million reasons why that girl's giggling.
all of them are sitting at the napa valley community bank.
'cause there's something really important i want to talk to you about.
that's funny because there's something really important i want to talk to you about.
well, take it from someone who got their molars very early in life, being in love is a fantastic mystery that takes a man and a woman...
i don't mean to be jerky when you're trying to be all mushy and everything, but i know what mystery my dad sees in you.
so mom and i are going out to the theater tonight.
i'll drop the bomb on her first thing in the morning.
annie and i met up at camp and we decided to switch places.
i'm sorry, but i'd never seen you, and i dreamt of meeting you my whole life and...
annie felt the exact same way about dad, so we sorta just switched lives.
i hope you're not mad, because i love you so much and i just hope that one day you can love me as me, and not as annie.
oh, martin, i have a really ridiculous, somewhat childish request to make.
martin, you know that you're more than a butler to me.
i'm not sure which one at the moment, but one of you told me your father knew i was arriving here today.
and i'm here to tell you that the man i just saw in the elevator had absolutely no idea he and i were on the same planet,
well, now that they've met, we can't very well keep them apart.
well, i could keep them for half the year, and then you could keep them for...
is that ok, by the way, if we start calling you mom?
i think your mother would prefer if you called me meredith.
i'm not gonna do that again, no matter how brave you are.
and i suppose you just expect me to go weak at the knees and fall into your arms and cry hysterically and say, "we'll just figure this whole thing out."
# so long as i'm living, true love i'll be giving #
# to you i'll be serving 'cause you're so deserving #
if that's the way you want it, then let the games begin.
i swear i heard your evil clone sneaking all the way up toward the mess hall this morning.
sure you don't want to go to the mess hall and get a lemonade?
will you stop thinking about your stomach at a time like this?
you've never seen your mom, and i've never seen my dad.
you have one old picture of your mom, and i have one old picture of my dad.
but we never eat in there except for thanksgiving... and christmas and, of course, october 11.
* believe in the magic that can set you free *
i mean, a baby's first words are always "dada," aren't they?
let me see if i get this-- you miss being able to call me dad?
your father hired her at the beginning of the summer... to do some publicity for the vineyard.
if you ask me, she's doin' a better job of selling' herself than the grapes.
look, you and i both know your father's... not some kind of suave, debonair bachelor-of-the-month type.
so, i gotta ask myself, "what does a hot, young thing like that... see in a guy who walks around with his shirttail hangin' out... and his cereal bowl full of chili?"
then, i realized there's about a million reasons why that girl's giggling'.
and all of them are sitting at the napa valley community bank.
i just had to tell a little white lie to get him out of something.
you know, i have never heard a man talk about his daughter... the way nicky talks about you.
take it from someone... who got their molars very early in life, being in love is a fantastic mystery... that takes a man and a woman--
i don't mean to be jerky when you're trying to be all mushy and everything, but i know what mystery my dad sees in you.
he's exactly the kind of man i always planned on marrying.
this is the real deal, honey, and nothing you do is going to come between us.
so, mom and i are going out to the theatre tonight.
i'll-i'll drop the bomb on her first thing in the morning.
i'm sorry, but i've never seen you, and-and i dreamt of meeting you my whole life.
and annie felt the exact same way about dad, so-- so, we sorta just switched lives.
if the man didn't make me so nuts, i'd still be married to him.
i mean, we came up with this arrangement so that we'd never have to see each other again.
martin, you know that you're more than a butler to me.
you're more like a lovable brother who just happens to wait on us, and, anyway,
she's never had more than one glass of wine... in her entire life, and she chooses today to show up totally zonked.
yeah, well, just do what the woman says... and meet her up "thairs."
one of you, i'm not sure which one at the moment, but one of you told me your father knew i was arriving here today.
and i'm here to tell you the man i just saw in the elevator... had absolutely no idea he and i were on the same planet, let alone in the same hotel.
plus, in case you haven't noticed, he seems extremely content with his leggy, tight-skirted, bare-backed fiancée.
and i want the two of you to explain to your father that i am here for one purpose only.
well, now that they met, we can't very well keep them apart.
well, i could keep them for half of the year, and then you could keep them.
i didn't realize that you were going on this little outing.
- and to tell you the truth, i'm not so sure that i'm okay with it.
but this is your chance to really get to know the girls.
i mean after all, starting next week, they're-- they're half yours.
is that okay, by the way, if we start calling you mom?
i think your mother would prefer if you called me meredith.
i'm not going to do that again no matter how brave you are.
and i suppose you just expect me to go weak at the knees... and fall into your arms and cry hysterically... and say we'll just figure this whole thing out-- a bicontinental relationship... with our daughters being raised here an-and there and... and you and i just... picking up where we left off, and--
* you gave me more joy than i ever dreamed of *
* and no one, no one can take the place of you *
if that's the way you want it, then let the games begin.
i swear i heard your evil clone sneaking all the way up toward the mess hall this morning.
i only have a mother, and you only have a father.
you've never seen your mom, and i've never seen my dad.
so remember, you're going to find out how mom and dad met.
- and you're going to find out why they broke up.
if that's the way you want it, then let the games begin.
i swear i heard your evil clone sneaking all the way up toward the mess hall this morning.
i only have a mother, and you only have a father.
you've never seen your mom, and i've never seen my dad.
so remember, you're going to find out how mom and dad met.
- and you're going to find out why they broke up.
i'm really glad i bought you that personalized stationery... you just had to have.
- well, we meant to write, dad, but we just got so...
what did i do, send you to summer camp or finishing school?
and why do you keep saying "dad" at the end of every sentence?
just imagine someone's life without a father... never buying a father's day card, never sitting on their father's lap, never being able to say, "hi, dad" or "what's up, dad" or "catch you later, dad."
i mean, a baby's first words are always "dada," aren't they?
your father hired her at the beginning of the summer... to do some publicity for the vineyard.
if you ask me, she's doir a better job of sellir herself than the grapes.
so, i gotta ask myself, "what does a hot, young thing like that... see in a guy who walks around with his shirttail hangir out... and his cereal bowl full of chili?"
then, i realized there's about a million reasons why that girl's gigglir.
honey, i'm really glad you're here, 'cause there's something really important i want to talk to you about.
that's funny, because there's something really important that i want to talk to you about.
this is the real deal, honey, and nothing you do is going to come between us.
hate to break it to you, angel, but you are no longer the only girl in nick parker's life.
i am marrying your father in two weeks, whether you like it or not.
so i suggest you do not tangle with me any more.
you know, mother, i feel like i could use a bit of fresh air.
w-would it be okay if i stepped outside for a moment?
so, mom and i are going out to the theatre tonight.
i'll-i'll drop the bomb on her first thing in the morning.
i'm sorry, but i've never seen you, and-and i dreamt of meeting you my whole life.
and annie felt the exact same way about dad, so... so, we sorta just switched lives.
if the man didn't make me so nuts, i'd still be married to him.
i mean, we came up with this arrangement so that we'd never have to see each other again.
martin, you know that you're more than a butler to me.
you're more like a lovable brother who just happens to wait on us, and, anyway,
she's never had more than one glass of wine... in her entire life, and she chooses today to show up totally zonked.
yeah, well, just do what the woman says... and meet her up "thairs."
one of you, i'm not sure which one at the moment, but one of you told me your father knew i was arriving here today.
and i'm here to tell you the man i just saw in the elevator... had absolutely no idea he and i were on the same planet, let alone in the same hotel.
plus, in case you haven't noticed, he seems extremely content with his leggy, tight-skirted, bare-backed fiancée.
and i want the two of you to explain to your father that i am here for one purpose only.
don't tell me you're gonna break your rotten streak... and suddenly be nice to me?
if you see your father, tell him he's late and i'm waiting.
i just saw a wedding dress you designed in vogue and fell completely in love with it.
i faxed your office just yesterday and they said you were out of town... and didn't know if you could make another.
well, now that they met, we can't very well keep them apart.
well, i could keep them for half of the year, and then you could keep them.
i didn't realize that you were going on this little outing.
- and to tell you the truth, i'm not so sure that i'm okay with it.
but this is your chance to really get to know the girls.
i mean after all, starting next week, they're... they're half yours.
is that okay, by the way, if we start calling you mom?
i think your mother would prefer if you called me meredith.
i'm not going to do that again no matter how brave you are.
and i suppose you just expect me to go weak at the knees... and fall into your arms and cry hysterically... and say we'll just figure this whole thing out...
if that's the way you want it, then let the games begin.
i swear your evil clone sneezed all the way across the mess hall this morning.
i only have a mother, and you only have a father.
you've never seen your mom, and i've never seen my dad.
i'm really glad i bought you that personalized stationery you just had to have.
- we meant to write, dad, but we just got so...
what did i do, send you to a summer camp or finishing school?
and why do you keep saying "dad" at the end of every sentence?
never buying a father's day card, never sitting on their father's lap, never being able to say,
"hi, dad" or "what's up, dad?" or "catch you later, dad."
then i realized there's about a million reasons why that girl's giggling.
and all of them are sitting at the napa valley community bank.
i just had to tell a little white lie to get him out of something.
you know, i have never heard a man talk about his daughter the way nicky talks about you.
i cannot believe i lived my entire life without knowing her.
she's beautiful and fun, and smart, and i love the gown she designs.
hey, if you're free later, why don't we all have lunch on the terrace?
well, i actually. i promised hal we'd hang out together this afternoon.
he's exactly the kind of man i always planned on marrying.
this is the real deal, honey, and nothing you do is going to come between us.
- lf this is the real deal, then my dad's money has nothing to do with you wanting to marry him, right?
okay, puss, you listen and you listen good, i am marrying your father in two weeks, whether you like it or not, so i suggest, you do not tangle with me anymore.
i'm sorry, but i'd never seen you, and i've dreamt of meeting you my whole life.
annie felt the exact same way about dad, so we sort of just switched lives.
i hope you're not mad, because i love you so much.
i just hope that one day you could love me as me, and not as annie.
i mean, i haven't seen or heard from nick parker in over 11 years.
and suddenly, i'm flying halfway across the world to... i'm not mature enough for this.
if the man didn't make me so nuts, i'd still be married to him.
i mean, we came up with this arrangement so that we'd never have to see each other again.
martin, you know that you're more than a butler to me.
you're more like a loveable brother who just happens to wait on us.
i mean, don't you think i've pondered what it is going to be like to see your father after all these years.
well, let me tell you, me waving like a mindless idiot while nick parker's wrapped around another woman's arms is not exactly the scenario i had in mind.
and i want the two of you to explain to your father that i am here for one purpose, and one purpose only, that is, to switch the two of you back.
now, let's do what we have to do and be done with it.
because i'm stunned to see you, but, er...you don't seem as stunned to see me.
i mean, i haven't seen or heard from you in, what, ten, eleven years?
well, now that they've met, we can't ever walk and keep them apart.
well, i could keep them for half the year, then you could keep them...
and when you bring us back, we'll tell you who's annnie and who's hallie.
or you do as we say, and i take one of you back with me to london, whether you like it or not.
i think your mother would prefer if you call me "meredith".
and no, thank you, i do not eat trout, for the thousandth time.
i made the mistake of not coming after you once, lizzie.
i'm not gonna do that again, no matter how brave you are.
and i suppose you just expect me to go weak at the knees and fall into your arms and cry hysterically, and say, "we'll just figure this whole thing out."
a bi-continental relationship with our daughters being raised here and there... and you and i just picking up where we left off... and growing old together and... and...
if that's the way you want it, then let the games begin.
i swear i heard your evil clone sneaking all the way up toward the mess hall this morning.
sure you don't want to go to the mess hall and get a lemonade?
will you stop thinking about your stomach at a time like this?
you've never seen your mom, and i've never seen my dad.
you have one old picture of your mom, and i have one old picture of my dad.
but we never eat in there except for thanksgiving... and christmas and, of course, october 11.
* believe in the magic that can set you free *
so remember, you're going to find out how mom and dad met.
- and you're going to find out why they broke up.
[dad] oh, by the way, thanks for all those newsy letters.
i'm really glad i bought you that personalized stationery... you just had to have.
what did i do, send you to summer camp or finishing school?
and why do you keep saying "dad" at the end of every sentence?
just imagine someone's life without a father-- never buying a father's day card, never sitting on their father's lap, never being able to say, "hi, dad" or "what's up, dad" or "catch you later, dad."
i mean, a baby's first words are always "dada," aren't they?
your father hired her at the beginning of the summer... to do some publicity for the vineyard.
if you ask me, she's doin' a better job of selling' herself than the grapes.
so, i gotta ask myself, "what does a hot, young thing like that... see in a guy who walks around with his shirttail hangin' out... and his cereal bowl full of chili?"
then, i realized there's about a million reasons why that girl's giggling'.
it's always the same routine-- horseback riding through the vineyards, romantic dinners with his special reserved-label wine,
- moonlight swims-- - [nick] here we go-- a bottle of my special reserve-label.
- hey, if you're free later, why don't we all have lunch on the terrace?
well, actually, i promised hal we'd hang out together this afternoon.
take it from someone... who got their molars very early in life, being in love is a fantastic mystery... that takes a man and a woman--
i don't mean to be jerky when you're trying to be all mushy and everything, but i know what mystery my dad sees in you.
he's exactly the kind of man i always planned on marrying.
this is the real deal, honey, and nothing you do is going to come between us.
you know, mother, i feel like i could use a bit of fresh air.
w-would it be okay if i stepped outside for a moment?
so, mom and i are going out to the theatre tonight.
i'll-i'll drop the bomb on her first thing in the morning.
i'm sorry, but i've never seen you, and-and i dreamt of meeting you my whole life.
and annie felt the exact same way about dad, so-- so, we sorta just switched lives.
if the man didn't make me so nuts, i'd still be married to him.
i mean, we came up with this arrangement so that we'd never have to see each other again.
martin, you know that you're more than a butler to me.
you're more like a lovable brother who just happens to wait on us, and, anyway,
nick parker and i have absolutely nothing in common... any more.
plus, in case you haven't noticed, he seems extremely content with his leggy, tight-skirted, bare-backed fiancée.
i just saw a wedding dress you designed in vogue and fell completely in love with it.
i faxed your office just yesterday and they said you were out of town... and didn't know if you could make another.
- * and say we'll never part * - [nick] to tell you the truth,
- i haven't been on a boat since the q.e. 2.
well, now that they met, we can't very well keep them apart.
well, i could keep them for half of the year, and then you could keep them.
i made the mistake of not coming after you once, lizzy.
i'm not going to do that again no matter how brave you are.
* so long as i'm living true love i'll be giving *
* to you i'll be serving 'cause you're so deserving *
* and love is all that i can * * give to you *
* love is more than * * just a game for two *
i only have a mother... and you only have a father.
you've never seen your mom... and i've never seen my dad.
but we never eat in there except for thanksgiving... and christmas and, of course, october 11.
* believe in the magic that can set you free *
so remember, you're going to find out how mom and dad met.
- and you're going to find out why they broke up.
i'm really glad i bought you that personalized stationery... you just had to have.
- well, we meant to write, dad, but we just got so...
look, you and i both know your father's... not some kind of suave, debonaire bachelor-of-the-month type.
so, i gotta ask myself, "what does a hot, young thing like that...
"see in a guy who walks around with his shirttail hangin' out... and his cereal bowl full of chili?"
then, i realized there's about a million reasons why that girl's giggling'.
i just had to tell a little white lie to get him out of something.
you know, i have never heard a man talk about his daughter... the way nicky talks about you.
- hey, if you're free later... why don't we all have lunch on the terrace?
well, actually, i promised hal we'd hang out together this afternoon.
take it from someone... who got their molars very early in life... being in love is a fantastic mystery... that takes a man and a woman...
i don't mean to be jerky when you're trying to be all mushy and everything... but i know what mystery my dad sees in you.
he's exactly the kind of man i always planned on marrying.
this is the real deal, honey... and nothing you do is going to come between us.
you know, mother, i feel like i could use a bit of fresh air.
w-would it be okay if i stepped outside for a moment?
i just have to finish this sketch... and fedex it off to paris.
and then, how about you and i go out to lunch... and spend the rest of the day getting lost in harrod's, huh?
annie and i met at the camp... and-and we decided to switch places.
i'm sorry, but i've never seen you... and-and i dreamt of meeting you my whole life.
and annie felt the exact same way about dad, so... so, we sorta just switched lives.
i hope you're not mad... because i love you so much, and i just hope that one day... you could love me as me and not as annie.
she's never had more than one glass of wine... in her entire life, and she chooses today to show up totally zonked.
yeah, well, just do what the woman says... and meet her up "thairs."
one of you, i'm not sure which one at the moment... but one of you told me your father knew i was arriving here today.
and i'm here to tell you the man i just saw in the elevator... had absolutely no idea he and i were on the same planet, let alone in the same hotel.
i didn't realize that you were going on this little outing.
- and to tell you the truth, i'm not so sure that i'm okay with it.
but this is your chance to really get to know the girls.
i mean, after all, starting next week, they're... they're half yours.
is that okay, by the way, if we start calling you mom?
i think your mother would prefer if you called me meredith.
i made the mistake of not coming after you once, lizzy.
i'm not going to do that again no matter how brave you are.
and i suppose you just expect me to go weak at the knees... and fall into your arms and cry hysterically... and say we'll just figure this whole thing out...
a bicontinental relationship... with our daughters being raised here an-and there and... and you and i just... picking up where we left off, and... and growing old together and... and...
your evil clone sneezed all the way across the mess hall this morning.
i am so tired. i'm going back into bed and sleeping till lunch.
she and my dad split up when i was a baby.
he doesn't talk about her, but i know she was really beautiful.
i only have a mother, and you only have a father.
you've never seen your mum, and i've never seen my dad.
but she's got him eating out of the palm of her hand.
they do everything together - ride together, swim together, they eat out every night.
i had to tell a little white lie to get him out of something.
i have never heard a man talk about his daughter the way nicky does.
- lf this is the real deal, then my dad's money has nothing to do with you wanting to marry him, right?
ok, puss, i am marrying your father in two weeks, like it or not, so don't tangle with me any more.
i'm sorry, but i'd never seen you, and i dreamt of meeting you my whole life.
annie felt the same way about dad, so we sort of just switched lives.
i hope you're not mad, because i love you so much.
i hope that one day you could love me as me, not annie.
suddenly, i'm flying halfway across the world to... i'm not mature enough for this.
if he didn't make me nuts, i'd be married to him.
she's never had more than one glass of wine in her life, and she chooses today to show up totally zonked.
yeah, well, just do what the woman says and meet her upthstairs.
i've pondered what it would be like to see your father after 1 1 years.
well, me waving like a mindless idiot while he's wrapped around another woman is not what i had in mind.
i want you to explain to your father that i am here for one purpose only - to switch the two of you back.
now, let's do what we have to do and be done with it.
don't say you're gonna break your rotten streak and be nice.
if you see your father, tell him he's late and i'm waiting.
well, i'm quite grown up now and quite without a father.
and i'm headed into my crazy teenage years, and i won't have a mother to fight with.
and you expect me to go weak at the knees fall into your arms and say, "we'll just figure this out."
a bi-continental relationship with our girls raised here and there... and you and i just picking up where we left off... and growing old together and... and...
i mean, is he the kind of father you can talk to or is he one of those workaholic types who says,
"i'll talk to you later, honey,"but, you know, never really does?
sure you don't want to go to the mess hall and get a lemonade or something?
will you stop thinking about your stomach at a time like this?
you've never seen your mum and i've never seen my dad.
you have one old picture of your mum and i have one old picture of my dad.
what did i do, send you to summer camp or finishing school?
and why do you keep saying "dad" at the end of every sentence?
your father hired her at the beginning of the summer to do some publicity for the vineyard.
if you ask me, she's doing a better job of selling herself than the grapes.
so i gotta ask myself, what does a hot young thing like that see in a guy who walks around with his shirttail hanging out and a cereal bowl full of chili.
then i realized there's about a million reasons why that girl's giggling.
i cannot believe i lived my entire life without knowing her.
she's beautiful and fun and smart and i love the gowns she designs.
hey, if you're free later, why don't we all have lunch on the terrace?
well, actually, i promised hal we'd hang out together this afternoon.
well, take it from someone who got their molars very early in life, being in love is a fantastic mystery that takes a man and a woman...
i don't mean to be jerky when you're trying to be all mushy and everything, but i know what mystery my dad sees in you.
annie and i met up at camp and we decided to switch places.
i'm sorry, but i'd never seen you, and i dreamt of meeting you my whole life.
annie felt the exact same way about dad, so we sorta just switched lives.
i hope you're not mad, because i love you so much and i just hope that one day you can love me as me, and not as annie.
martin, you know that you're more than a butler to me.
you're more like a lovable brother who just happens to wait on us and...
i'm not sure which one at the moment, but one of you told me your father knew i was arriving here today.
and i'm here to tell you that the man i just saw in the elevator had absolutely no idea he and i were on the same planet,
don't tell me you're gonna break your rotten streak and suddenly be nice to me.
if you see your father, tell him he's late and i'm waiting.
i just saw a wedding dress you designed in vogue and fell completely in love with it.
i faxed your office just yesterday, and they said that you were out of town and didn't know if you could make another.
i guess you and mum kind of think alike, 'cause you both sent us to the same camp.
we met there, and the whole thing just sort of spilled out.
we thought it over, and we decided we're being totally gypped.
dad promised we'd go on our camping trip, and we wanna go.
is that ok, by the way, if we start calling you mom?
i think your mother would prefer if you called me meredith.
i'm not gonna do that again, no matter how brave you are.
and i suppose you just expect me to go weak at the knees and fall into your arms and cry hysterically and say, "we'll just figure this whole thing out."
if that's the way you want it, then let the games begin.
i swear i heard your evilclone sneezing all the way across the mess hall this morning.
i mean, is he the kind of father you can talk to or is he one of those workaholic types who says,
"i'll talk to you later, honey,"but, you know, never really does?
sure you don't want to go to the mess hall and get a lemonade or something?
will you stop thinking about your stomach at a time like this?
you've never seen your mum and i've never seen my dad.
you have one old picture of your mum and i have one old picture of my dad.
then cutting your hair was a total waste 'cause, i mean, there's no way
i can go to camp with pierced ears and come home without them.
it's an ocean liner that sails from london to new york.
'cause i wasn't keen on flying then and neither was your father.
(dad) oh, by the way, thanks for all those newsy letters.
i'm really glad i bought you all that personalized stationery you just had to have.
so i gotta ask myself, what does a hot young thing like that see in a guy who walks around with his shirttail hanging out and a cereal bowl full of chili.
then i realized there's about a million reasons why that girl's giggling.
i just had to tell a little white lie to get him out of something.
you know, i have never heard a man talk about his daughter the way that nicky talks about you.
'cause there's something really important i want to talk to you about.
that's funny because there's something really important i want to talk to you about.
well, take it from someone who got their molars very early in life, being in love is a fantastic mystery that takes a man and a woman...
i don't mean to be jerky when you're trying to be all mushy and everything, but i know what mystery my dad sees in you.
so mom and i are going out to the theater tonight.
i'll drop the bomb on her first thing in the morning.
annie and i met up at camp and we decided to switch places.
i'm sorry, but i'd never seen you, and i dreamt of meeting you my whole life.
annie felt the exact same way about dad, so we sorta just switched lives.
i hope you're not mad, because i love you so much and i just hope that one day you can love me as me, and not as annie.
martin, you know that you're more than a butler to me.
you're more like a lovable brother who just happens to wait on us and...
i mean, don't you think i've pondered what it was going to be like to see your father after all these years?
well, let me tell you, me waving like a mindless idiot while nick parker's wrapped around another woman's arms is not exactly the scenario i had in mind.
don't tell me you're gonna break your rotten streak and suddenly be nice to me.
if you see your father, tell him he's late and i'm waiting.
i just saw a wedding dress you designed in vogue and fell completely in love with it.
i faxed your office just yesterday, and they said that you were out of town and didn't know if you could make another.
we thought it over, and we decided we're being totally gypped.
dad promised we'd go on our camping trip, and we wanna go.
is that ok, by the way, if we start calling you mom?
i think your mother would prefer if you called me meredith.
i made the mistake of not coming after you once, lizzie.
i'm not gonna do that again, no matter how brave you are.
i only have a mother, and you only have a father.
you've never seen your mom, and i've never seen my dad.
if she wears it, it covers the back of the dress, and if she doesn't,
- the dress looks-- - [ mom ] lncomplete, you're right.
i'm really glad i bought you that personalized stationery... you just had to have.
- well, we meant to write, dad, but we just got so--
i mean, a baby's first words are always "dada," aren't they ?
let me see if i get this-- you miss being able to call me dad ?
your father hired her at the beginning of the summer... to do some publicity for the vineyard.
if you ask me, she's doin' a better job of selling' herself than the grapes.
so, i gotta ask myself, "what does a hot, young thing like that... see in a guy who walks around with his shirttail hangin' out... and his cereal bowl full of chili ?"
then, i realized there's about a million reasons why that girl's giggling'.
it's always the same routine-- horseback riding through the vineyards, romantic dinners with his special reserved-label wine,
- moonlight swims-- - [ nick ] here we go-- a bottle of my special reserve-label.
honey, i'm really glad you're here, 'cause there's something really important i want to talk to you about.
that's funny, because there's something really important that i want to talk to you about.
[ scoffs ] i'm not looking at her any special way.
i'm looking at her like i've looked at her for 11 years.
this is the real deal, honey, and nothing you do is going to come between us.
hate to break it to you, angel, but you are no longer the only girl in nick parker's life.
i am marrying your father in two weeks, whether you like it or not.
so i suggest you do not tangle with me any more.
i just have to finish this sketch... and fedex it off to paris.
and then, how about you and i go out to lunch... and spend the rest of the day getting lost in harrod's, huh ?
annie and i met at the camp, and-and we decided to switch places.
i'm sorry, but i've never seen you, and-and i dreamt of meeting you my whole life.
and annie felt the exact same way about dad, so-- so, we sorta just switched lives.
i hope you're not mad, because i love you so much, and i just hope that one day... you could love me as me and not as annie.
she's never had more than one glass of wine... in her entire life, and she chooses today to show up totally zonked.
yeah, well, just do what the woman says... and meet her up "thairs."
one of you, i'm not sure which one at the moment, but one of you told me your father knew i was arriving here today.
and i'm here to tell you the man i just saw in the elevator... had absolutely no idea he and i were on the same planet, let alone in the same hotel.
can one of you get something cold for my head ?
i mean, don't you think i pondered what it was going to be like to see... your father after all these years ?
plus, in case you haven't noticed, he seems extremely content with his leggy, tight-skirted, bare-backed fiancée.
and i want the two of you to explain to your father that i am here for one purpose only.
don't tell me you're gonna break your rotten streak... and suddenly be nice to me ?
if you see your father, tell him he's late and i'm waiting.
anyway, what are we going to do about the girls ?
well, now that they met, we can't very well keep them apart.
- or you do as we say, and i take one of you back with me to london whether you like it or not.
and what am i supposed to do for three days ?
i didn't realize that you were going on this little outing.
- and to tell you the truth, i'm not so sure that i'm okay with it.
but this is your chance to really get to know the girls.
i mean after all, starting next week, they're-- they're half yours.
is that okay, by the way, if we start calling you mom ?
i think your mother would prefer if you called me meredith.
i'm not going to do that again no matter how brave you are.
and i suppose you just expect me to go weak at the knees... and fall into your arms and cry hysterically... and say we'll just figure this whole thing out-- a bicontinental relationship... with our daughters being raised here an-and there and... and you and i just... picking up where we left off, and--
* you gave me more joy than i ever dreamed of *
* and no one, no one can take the place of you *
# love is all that i can give to you #
# love is more than just a game for two #
# love is all that i can give to you #
# love is more than just a game for two... #
well, because my dad had this old picture of her hidden in his sock drawer.
he caught me looking at it, like, all the time so he gave it to me to keep.
i only have a mother and you only have a father.
you've never seen your mum and i've never seen my dad.
you have one old picture of your mum and i have one old picture of my dad.
but at least yours is probably a whole picture, mine's a pathetic little thing all crinkled and ripped right down the middle and...
it's an ocean liner that sails from london to new york.
'cause i wasn't keen on flying then and neither was your father.
so i gotta ask myself, what does a hot young thing like that see in a guy who walks around with his shirttail hanging out and a cereal bowl full of chili.
then i realized there's about a million reasons why that girl's giggling.
i just had to tell a little white lie to get him out of something.
you know, i have never heard a man talk about his daughter the way that nicky talks about you.
hey, if you're free later, why don't we all have lunch on the terrace?
well, actually, i promised hal we'd hang out together this afternoon.
you're young and beautiful and sexy and, hey, the guy's only human.
but if you ask me, marriage is supposed to be based on something more than just sex, right?
so mom and i are going out to the theater tonight.
i'll drop the bomb on her first thing in the morning.
annie and i met up at camp and we decided to switch places.
i'm sorry, but i'd never seen you, and i dreamt of meeting you my whole life.
annie felt the exact same way about dad, so we sorta just switched lives.
i hope you're not mad, because i love you so much and i just hope that one day you can love me as me, and not as annie.
martin, you know that you're more than a butler to me.
you're more like a lovable brother who just happens to wait on us and...
i mean, don't you think i've pondered what it was going to be like to see your father after all these years?
well, let me tell you, me waving like a mindless idiot while nick parker's wrapped around another woman's arms is not exactly the scenario i had in mind.
plus, in case you haven't noticed, he seems extremely content with his leggy, tight-skirted, bare-backed fiancée.
and i want the two of you to explain to your father that i am here for one purpose, and one purpose only.
don't tell me you're gonna break your rotten streak and suddenly be nice to me.
if you see your father, tell him he's late and i'm waiting.
i just saw a wedding dress you designed in vogue and fell completely in love with it.
i faxed your office just yesterday, and they said that you were out of town and didn't know if you could make another.
i guess you and mum kind of think alike, 'cause you both sent us to the same camp.
and, we met there, and the whole thing just sort of spilled out.
we thought it over, and we decided we're being totally gypped.
dad promised we'd go on our camping trip, and we wanna go.
- and when you bring us back, we'll tell you who's annie and who's hallie.
or you do as we say, and i take one of you back with me to london, whether you like it or not.
is that ok, by the way, if we start calling you mom?
i think your mother would prefer if you called me meredith.
i made the mistake of not coming after you once, lizzie.
i'm not gonna do that again, no matter how brave you are.
# you gave me more joy than i ever dreamed of #
# and no one, no one can take the place of you #
if that's the way you want it, then let the games begin.
i swear i heard your evilclone sneezing all the way across the mess hall this morning.
well, because my dad hadthis old picture of her hidden in his sock drawer.
he caught me looking at it, like, all the time so he gave it to me to keep.
i only have a mother and you only have a father.
you've never seen your mum and i've never seen my dad.
you have one old picture of your mum and i have one old picture of my dad.
but at least yours is probably a whole picture, mine's a pathetic little thing all crinkled and ripped right down the middle and...
what did i do, send you to summer camp or finishing school?
and why do you keep saying "dad" at the end of every sentence?
your father hired her at the beginning of the summer to do some publicity for the vineyard.
if you ask me, she's doing a better job of selling herself than the grapes.
look, you and i both know your father's not some kind of suave, debonair, bachelor-of-the-month type.
so i gotta ask myself, what does a hot young thing like that see in a guy who walks around with his shirttail hanging out and a cereal bowl full of chili.
then i realized there's about a million reasons why that girl's giggling.
all of them are sitting at the napa valley community bank.
i cannot believe i lived my entire life without knowing her.
she's beautiful and fun and smart and i love the gowns she designs.
'cause there's something really important i want to talk to you about.
that's funny because there's something really important i want to talk to you about.
you're young and beautiful and sexy and, hey, the guy's only human.
but if you ask me, marriage is supposed to be based on something more than just sex, right?
you know, mother, i feel like i could use a bit of fresh air.
would it be ok if i stepped outside for a moment?
i just have to finish this sketch and fedex it off to paris.
then how about you and i go out to lunch and spend the rest of the day getting lost in harrods.
i'm sorry, but i'd never seen you, and i dreamt of meeting you my whole life.
annie felt the exact same way about dad, so we sorta just switched lives.
if the man didn't make me so nuts, i'd still be married to him.
i mean, we came up with this arrangement so that we'd never have to see each other again.
oh, martin, i have a really ridiculous, somewhat childish request to make.
martin, you know that you're more than a butler to me.
i mean, don't you think i've pondered what it was going to be like to see your father after all these years?
well, let me tell you, me waving like a mindless idiot while nick parker's wrapped around another woman's arms is not exactly the scenario i had in mind.
don't tell me you're gonna break your rotten streak and suddenly be nice to me.
if you see your father, tell him he's late and i'm waiting.
i just saw a wedding dress you designed in vogue and fell completely in love with it.
i faxed your office just yesterday, and they said that you were out of town and didn't know if you could make another.
well, now that they've met, we can't very well keep them apart.
well, i could keep them for half the year, and then you could keep them for...
- and when you bring us back, we'll tell you who's annie and who's hallie.
or you do as we say, and i take one of you back with me to london, whether you like it or not.
i think your mother would prefer if you called me meredith.
and no, thank you, i do not eat trout, for the thousandth time.
i made the mistake of not coming after you once, lizzie.
i'm not gonna do that again, no matter how brave you are.
if that's the way you want it, then let the games begin.
i swear i heard your evil clone sneaking all the way up toward the mess hall this morning.
sure you don't want to go to the mess hall and get a lemonade ?
will you stop thinking about your stomach at a time like this ?
you've never seen your mom, and i've never seen my dad.
you have one old picture of your mom, and i have one old picture of my dad.
i mean, a baby's first words are always "dada," aren't they ?
let me see if i get this-- you miss being able to call me dad ?
your father hired her at the beginning of the summer... to do some publicity for the vineyard.
if you ask me, she's doin' a better job of selling' herself than the grapes.
so, i gotta ask myself, "what does a hot, young thing like that... see in a guy who walks around with his shirttail hangin' out... and his cereal bowl full of chili ?"
then, i realized there's about a million reasons why that girl's giggling'.
and all of them are sitting at the napa valley community bank.
you mean, you don't think she even really likes him ?
honey, i'm really glad you're here, 'cause there's something really important i want to talk to you about.
that's funny, because there's something really important that i want to talk to you about.
hal, why did you take off on me like that ?
i told you i wanted to talk to you about something.
this is the real deal, honey, and nothing you do is going to come between us.
hate to break it to you, angel, but you are no longer the only girl in nick parker's life.
i am marrying your father in two weeks, whether you like it or not.
so i suggest you do not tangle with me any more.
you know, mother, i feel like i could use a bit of fresh air.
w-would it be okay if i stepped outside for a moment ?
i just have to finish this sketch... and fedex it off to paris.
and then, how about you and i go out to lunch... and spend the rest of the day getting lost in harrod's, huh ?
annie and i met at the camp, and-and we decided to switch places.
i'm sorry, but i've never seen you, and-and i dreamt of meeting you my whole life.
and annie felt the exact same way about dad, so-- so, we sorta just switched lives.
i hope you're not mad, because i love you so much, and i just hope that one day... you could love me as me and not as annie.
- i guess you have to switch us back now, huh ?
well, technically, you belong to your dad, and annie belongs to me.
the man went completely ashen like i was... the bloody ghost of christmas past.
can one of you get something cold for my head ?
nick parker and i have absolutely nothing in common... any more.
plus, in case you haven't noticed, he seems extremely content with his leggy, tight-skirted, bare-backed fiancée.
i just saw a wedding dress you designed in vogue and fell completely in love with it.
i faxed your office just yesterday and they said you were out of town... and didn't know if you could make another.
well, now that they met, we can't very well keep them apart.
well, i could keep them for half of the year, and then you could keep them.
i'm not going to do that again no matter how brave you are.
and i suppose you just expect me to go weak at the knees... and fall into your arms and cry hysterically... and say we'll just figure this whole thing out-- a bicontinental relationship... with our daughters being raised here an-and there and... and you and i just... picking up where we left off, and--
- there used to be a picture of her on daddy's desk.
but once he caught me looking at it, and it's never been around since,
hey, you wanna come to the commissary and get a popsicle with me?
can you only think about your stomach at a time like this?
now your room is the second door on the second floor on the left, all right?
now, the horse's name is schotzli and the dog is andromeda.
i think we better have cloakroom tickets for the ladies' wraps as well,
oh, rosa, i want all the gilt chairs in the music room, and do see that they're well dusted.
do see that the maids keep absolutely quiet during the music,
if they must empty the ash trays, tell them to do it without clinking.
i just got back and you've got all those meetings and things.
well, i thought we could spend the day together and talk.
"charm fellows"... with a big, teethy grin and-- and a lot of artistic clever talk.
- what does a young girl like her see in him?
you're obviously very good friends, and i think that's just wonderful.
i can, uh, tell you something else too if you can keep a secret.
well, i thought that we ought to be alone a little while so we could talk.
- well, i wanted to talk to you about something too, dad.
what do you wanna start wondering about something like that for?
well, it's a perfectly natural thing for a girl to do.
but all my life it seemed i've hoped and waited for someone like him.
someone gentle and mature, rough-edged but quick to laugh, someone understanding and wise,
darling, it doesn't mean that your father and i didn't love each other.
but sometimes even when people think a lot about each other, they sometimes just don't get on together.
it certainly shows strength of character not to go with the new fashion trends in clothes.
all right, dad, now what are you trying to get at?
a nice, reliable, settled, comfortable woman... who accepts the coming of age with grace and dignity.
why, that's the most horrible thing that anybody could possibly say!
you know, i don't say a word, not a single word.
but the things that vicky woman has been up to, well, really-- oh, well, i- ?
edna, i think your idea about having the wedding outside is wonderful.
- i forgot about the beautiful trees we have out there.
you know, the last time i saw them together they were that big, and you had 'em in that thing and you were pushing them through the park.
oh, what a time for you to show up,just when i'm gonna get married.
i'll do anything that i please and don't start ordering me around!
maggie, i'm warning you for the last time, now go upstairs and put on some clothes--
she came out here all of a sudden, very unexpectedly... to discuss some little mix-up that we had about the children.
while we were discussing it, i merely suggested she go and put on something decent because--
- sure, all right, group activity leader, what do you suggest?
- i think that you ought to come along with us.
- of course, we're going to have to get you another outfit, but i know where mitch keeps his old shirts.
we can find you some boots, and very quickly we will have you all fixed up.
- now, vicky, don't worry your pretty little head about me.
i'll just lie around the lake and soak up plenty of sun.
besides, it'll give you a chance to get to know the girls.
you're going to have them for six months out of the year.
we've been talking... and we feel that we owe you an apology.
well, i mean, we feel sort of guilty about what we did to vicky.
i guess i'm not very good with the compliments, what, with growing' up out here with cows--
oh, now, don't gimme that old "growing up with the cows" routine.
i know i don't say things like... you wanna hear 'em, but i've been thinking a lot about you... and us and the way things used to be,
- this might sound funny, but you know what i miss most of all?
i miss those wet stockings you used to have hanging around the bathroom.
and i miss my razor being dull because you used it to shave your legs with.
mr judge, you must allow me accused is believed to look like witch, because it motivated her actions.
the prosecution uses stereotypes dating from 1600, the sorcerers were spânzuraþi because working with the devil.
put up with me and i'm gonna wish you have not set foot in salem.
according to police data declaration, you and your friends aparþineþi a group of magicians.
diana, i think the missing pages are key to meeting your demons.
we can help to realize who is human and who is not.
hold the knife in your chest, îndrepþi energy to tell you to me.
goddess of the moon allows us to tell you attract power on earth,
and tanana, who obviously can't see the end-zone marker under the virgin snow, breaks into his touchdown dance on the 10-yard line, only to be given a geography lesson by linebacker marvin watkins.
that's an incr edibly embarrassing moment f or any prof essional athlete, so when we come back, we'r e gonna show it to you a couple of mor e times if only so that i can keep saying "virgin snow."
jer emy, can you get dan something inter esting about milwaukee?
i can tell you that it is not the capital of wisconsin.
it's an emotion i'm having a difficult time putting my finger on at the moment, but, uh, it'll come to me.
dan, i just got a call f rom a woman named malory moss in business aff airs.
you know, f rom, like, the second casey and lisa split up, everyone in this office is convinced that i have a strategy
-- f or getting casey to f all in love with me.
yes, i am, because i choose to, and ther e's nothing sinister about it.
i like gordon, and i like vermont, so i am going with gordon to vermont, and i'm taking new lingerie for me.
it has made a habit now of flying into my monitors at a great velocity.
you would think that at this velocity it would blow apart on impact, but appar ently this fly has some sort of protective coating that allows it to come right back at me.
i f eel like a f r eeloader sometimes, leaving the good ideas up to other people.
i f eel like i'm standing on the shoulders of generations past.
i think the inside and outside linebacker have a better chance.
12-for- 19 f rom the field, 11 rebounds, 13 assists -- add it all up, and it's what the old f olks call a triple-double.
you did it in college, you did it in dallas, you did it in l.a., and you'r e doing it now.
i don't think you'r e cute, i don't think you'r e f unny,
whatever the case, your lif e is changing f aster than you can manage.
you'r e depr essed, you'r e angry, you'r e lonely, and you'r e f rightened, but, god, everything will be fine if i could just see dana naked.
every time i'm starting to lose it just a little, i buy a lamp.
well, you must have one well-lit apartment, 'cause, lady, you turned a corner somewher e.
wait till someone gets permanently lost in one of these new pathways.
well, if the head of the taelons wants something, you don't argue.
and the coroner found that ralston died of a heart attack.
there was no evidence of foul play, so they are not gonna shut us down.
let's just say, one slip when this baby's fired up definitely gets your attention.
with the taelons as our partners, a new golden age of humanity is not just a dream, it's vibrant reality.
due to power outage we are currently experiencing in our new york studio we are unable to continue our broadcast.
as soon as the problem is corrected we will bring you the remainder of last night's interview with president thompson.
that is a great amount of effort to ensure a result that is already assured.
you don't think anyone stands a chance against thompson, do you?
he's meeting with michael deraux, the leader of the liberation in france.
oh, i see the power shortage has forced you to conserve.
taelon engineers believe that these systems have now become incompatible and that is causing the blackout.
many of the taelon systems have been in place on earth for many years without any incident.
with the upcoming presidential election it's essential for the american people to see how just important human beings are in the taelon hierarchy.
of course, as always, you will make no decision without my approval.
he has no history of heart disease and no family history either.
the coroner felt that those bruises were caused when he kicked the portal housing during a seizure caused by heart attack.
it looks more like he was kicking in a state of panic.
report says these burn are common for anyone who uses the kind of tools these technicians use.
i want all transport data from the last 48 hours downloaded into my global.
i said i want the entire unit powered down while i conduct my inspection.
the american people are willing to work with the taelons to remedy this situation.
i don't care what the american people are willing to do.
then i suggest we follow president thompson's lead and allow the taelons to install the buffers to restore power to your citizens.
so, these creatures have been nestled around the portal's power supply?
if these fireflies are going to affect commercial interdimensional travel then my portal space stock could take a dive.
look, it's a 54 and 1/8, i bought it at 36.
i first saw he creatures when i was in the portal, so let's start there.
this has all the transport data from the new york portals for the last 2 days.
evidence that zo'or caused these blackouts in time to coincide with the presidential election.
with this you can anonymously access the secured files from any terminal on this ship.
he'll just do it on his own like he always does.
zo'or may be the head of the synod, but he still needs approval...
zo'or has the full resources of of the taelons at his disposal.
he can hide anything he wants, da'an, especially from you, because you're a threat.
and until full power can be restored to our studio we are being simulcast live on radio for viewers who cannot receive television of web broadcasts.
although, several hundred casualties have resulted because of the blackouts, we're told that most people are heeding the warnings to stay inside their homes.
the major concern now are the reports of these mysterious glowing creatures that have allegedly been seen by hundreds of eyewitnesses.
there are unconfirmed reports that these creatures are attacking people causing serious injuries and deaths around the globe.
and the latest estimates put the death toll at over a thousand now as people all over the world are refusing to stay in their homes despite the government's warnings.
this was a scene in the white house just moments ago as president thompson addressed the nation.
but believe me, this is the best strategy for all of us right now.
our engineers are working with the taelon engineers to eradicate these creatures.
and we can land the shuttle in non-populated area and reduce the risk to human lives.
yeah, but you see, that's assuming that we can even get the creatures to follow the shuttle.
the taelon buffers have not been effective in repelling the creatures.
the creatures are feeding on taelon energy as easily as human-based energy sources.
to save yourself you must reduce the energy being emitted from your body.
you are suggesting that we voluntarily put ourselves into a state of samha'ad.
my understanding is that the samha'ad is near-death meditative state that the taelons can induce within themselves.
and with our decreased energy emissions we will no longer attract the creatures.
if you don't make any sudden movements, they won't hurt you.
conventional drives don't have enough energy to power up the coil.
can you guarantee me a nice, soft landing in the snow?
we will be lucky to end up on the right planet.
i'll join you as soon as all the creatures have made their way through.
you can activate the power coil from the roof, let's go!
what's going through your mind as we approach the election in november?
well, there will be a clear choice this november because for the first time the voters agree that there really is only one issue:
well, if the head of the taelons wants something, you don't argue.
especially when you get from new york to london in a matter of minutes.
there was no evidence of foul play, so they are not gonna shut us down.
from the photos of the scene it looks like ralston was fighting something off.
if you had any idea how much energy this calibrator puts out.
let's just say, one slip when this baby's fired up definitely gets your attention.
with the taelons as our partners, a new golden age of humanity is not just a dream, it's vibrant reality.
due to power outage we are currently experiencing in our new york studio we are unable to continue our broadcast.
as soon as the problem is corrected we will bring you the remainder of last night's interview with president thompson.
and it's not just new york, these blackouts are happening all across the country.
if the taelons created this problem so they could come to president thompson's aid to solve it, it could result in a large boost to president thompson's campaign.
that is a great amount of effort to ensure a result that is already assured.
the american people will support any candidate that has the endorsement of the synod.
although, now that this crisis presented itself, it would be foolhardy to ignore the opportunity it provides.
gee, let me guess, does the name zo'or ring a bell?
no, that was my first thought too, but creating a problem that his candidate can fix, pretty indirect way to get thompson re-elected.
and that is why the human engineers and the taelon engineers disagree.
and what explanation have the human engineers offered for these blackouts?
the taelon engineers have designed a buffer which can be installed in the earth-based systems.
this buffer was designed to eliminate the incompatibility of the systems and alleviate the blackouts.
well, about the cause of death, yes, but his heart attack could've been caused by a number of factors including fear.
he has no history of heart disease and no family history either.
i know, this sounds ridiculous, but from identical spacing and depth of puncture, i'd say it's more consistent with... bite marks.
attention, ladies and gentlemen, due to technical malfunction all portal flights will be detained...
we're already operating half capacity as it is on emergency generators.
i want all transport data from the last 48 hours downloaded into my global.
well, now we know where bite marks on ralston came from.
just not like these creatures are gonna turn up in your neighbor pet store any time soon.
you know, i always leave the toughest ones for you, augur.
i first saw he creatures when i was in the portal, so let's start there.
that would explain why zo'or didn't take it to the synod.
he'll just do it on his own like he always does.
zo'or may be the head of the synod, but he still needs approval...
zo'or has the full resources of of the taelons at his disposal.
he can hide anything he wants, da'an, especially from you, because you're a threat.
then we must challenge zo'or in front of the synod to determine if he has in fact caused this crisis.
although, several hundred casualties have resulted because of the blackouts, we're told that most people are heeding the warnings to stay inside their homes.
the major concern now are the reports of these mysterious glowing creatures that have allegedly been seen by hundreds of eyewitnesses.
now, i know how difficult it is for you to stay in your homes where you feel powerless to help.
but believe me, this is the best strategy for all of us right now.
yeah, and all our weapons are based on some form of energy, but to these creatures it's like breakfast.
we have permanently sent the whole lot of them back to their home.
i mean, the shuttle's interdimensional drive could be used to open up a passageway back to the creatures' home.
and we can land the shuttle in non-populated area and reduce the risk to human lives.
the creatures are attacking the taelons because they are made primarily of energy.
to save yourself you must reduce the energy being emitted from your body.
you are suggesting that we voluntarily put ourselves into a state of samha'ad.
my understanding is that the samha'ad is near-death meditative state that the taelons can induce within themselves.
as a matter of fact, i'm surprised we've got the hovering capability.
i'll join you as soon as all the creatures have made their way through.
just as there was risk when the wright brothers lifted off the ground at kitty hawk, or there's risk when you or i step on an airplane.
but i've never known the american people to run away from risk.
are you certain that this energy casing is sufficient to shield us if the bacteria proves to be communicable?
i would have never allowed you to be present if there was a risk of exposure.
and the communicability of the disease is highly prevalent among humans.
if this bacteria is unleashed on earth, it could result in the extinction of the human race.
right now we've got to figure out what the hell this bacteria is.
then you two can fight about what to do with it.
and it's high time of the rest of the population to have noticed.
and how were you able to mount this project at lincoln hills?
since the companions arrived military bases have been closing and sitting vacant.
i convinced the president that it would be in his best interest to turn one over to me.
kee'sha believes that this bacteria can kill humans as well as taelons?
was ne'eg exposed to the bacteria while working on the probe?
the bacteria was carried in the probe as a defensive measure.
kee'sha is developing a vaccine in case the bacteria proves to be communicable.
but there's so much more in there that i've never seen before.
believe me, even as the simulation this is frightening as hell.
and in a surprise move the district attorney has exceeded to the wishes of the rev. billy mitchell.
the plea agreement calls for organizers of the attack to live for 60 days at the lincoln hills facility.
dr. chang of the institute for disease prevention has been fully briefed.
yes, we've projected the spread of the bacteria if it should escape lincoln hills.
given current atmospheric conditions the entire population of north america would be exposed within 2 hours, and the rest of the planet within the day.
my immediate concern is the town of portsmouth, which is less than 20 miles from here.
i believe the companions may be able to assist in this crisis.
you failure to find a vaccine will result in our deaths.
so, as long as we contain the bacteria, our worst case scenario is 100 percent death rate in lincoln hills.
i believe it would be too risky to wait for that.
immunologists form all over the planet are working to find a cure for this mysterious bacteria that has invaded the earth.
taelons have answered the president thompson's call for help as the taelon home ship continues to quarantine this small community.
president thompson is pleading for calm in the base of public reaction to unconfirmed reports that the bacteria has spread to cities across the eastern sea border.
was andrew's immune system developing any antibodies that we can use?
well, his body was starting to produce them, but the disease moved so fast it killed him before any effective antibodies could be produced.
other implants have used their cvi to decrease their metabolism to the point of fainting death.
we've tried the full range of tetracycline derivatives, but they weren't effective against this bacteria.
we've been concentrating too heavily on trying to kill the bacteria before it starts to grow.
[pepper]i nearly blew a gasket about it, jimmy, but... the school board isn't budging on this one.
[ sighs ] they're all moaning that... you haven't had a winning season in ten years.
§§ go fight winston boogie on down all right, all right§§
§§ go fight winston boogie on down all right, all right§§
[man over loudspeaker] train number 14 from portland is delayed20minutes... and will be arriving on track2.
that's train number 14 from portland arriving 20minutes late on track2.
-[whistle blows] -[davis] well, the giants will be kicking off, so the timberwolves will be...
- they'll be, uh, down there on the field right with 'em.
but the truth is, even without the dog, they were winners-- each and everyone of them.
so if you believe that a dog can play football, then you better believe that we're gonna win this game.
[pepper]i nearly blew a gasket about it, jimmy, but... the school board isn't budging on this one.
[ sighs ] they're all moaning that... you haven't had a winning season in ten years.
§§ go fight winston boogie on down all right, all right§§
§§ go fight winston boogie on down all right, all right§§
[man over loudspeaker] train number 14 from portland is delayed20minutes... and will be arriving on track2.
that's train number 14 from portland arriving 20minutes late on track2.
-[whistle blows] -[davis] well, the giants will be kicking off, so the timberwolves will be...
- they'll be, uh, down there on the field right with 'em.
but the truth is, even without the dog, they were winners-- each and everyone of them.
so if you believe that a dog can play football, then you better believe that we're gonna win this game.
[pepper]i nearly blew a gasket about it, jimmy, but... the school board isn't budging on this one.
[ sighs ] they're all moaning that... you haven't had a winning season in ten years.
§§ go fight winston boogie on down all right, all right§§
§§ go fight winston boogie on down all right, all right§§
[man over loudspeaker] train number 14 from portland is delayed20minutes... and will be arriving on track2.
that's train number 14 from portland arriving 20minutes late on track2.
-[whistle blows] -[davis] well, the giants will be kicking off, so the timberwolves will be...
- they'll be, uh, down there on the field right with 'em.
but the truth is, even without the dog, they were winners-- each and everyone of them.
so if you believe that a dog can play football, then you better believe that we're gonna win this game.
we'll start off with a little bit of plate-spinnin', okay ?
i bet you won't be able to guess what this one is.
§ well, i stepped out the tub put my feet on the floor §
§ i wrapped the towel around me and i opened the door §
§ and a splish splash i jumped back in the bath §
§ well, how was i to know there was a party goin' on §
he exists as certainly as love and generosity and devotion exist.
and you know that they abound and give to your life... its highest beauty and joy.
even more amazing than the timberwolves' miraculous mid-season turnaround... is their mascot's incredible abilities.
his name is buddy, but this is no ordinary golden retriever.
these last months have been some of the best i've ever had.
i owe that to you boys here... and maybe to a dog... who isn't here.
now i think it's time to give me back what's rightfully mine.
you know what, mr. snively, i believe my son is right.
you see, sir, when i lost my dog for the first time, it broke me up real bad.
when i lost him the second time, it darn near killed me.
hell's bells, your honor, all i wanna do is get old blue back.
so it can be him and me together just like it always was.
a long time ago there was an island near italy which was dominated by the forces of darkness.
the rocky coastline and many fortresses were a safe hideout of magicians, wizards, sorcerers and other creatures.
one day a weapon was forged, which ought to spread the demonic seed under mankind.
but shortly after the demonic forces started to fight themselves, the island became a place of destruction.
since this time people are telling scary stories about this island.
the weapon of hell - the demons knife - is being missed since then.
somewhere in the depths of darkness, evil is waiting for mankind.
most of the times we can keep it away from us.
i was just on the way to my boat rental job and didn't expect at all what would happen during this day.
it had to be destiny that i would meet the woman of my dreams.
but it happened in a way i would not have expected.
the horror i found, was only the beginning of the end...
i've been here so many times before, but today there was something weird going on.
i didn't know why, but i had a bad feeling about the meeting place.
your parents are in the living room waiting till we finish having sex?
i told them about a half hour, so we' have to skip the fancy stuff.
don't worry, we're gonna do something real fun with that later.
so i thought if you could see how much this house is a part of them you'd change your mind.
i'm really sorry about everything... and... just know i'll always be there for you.
you may not know this, but when i was still a cop...
of course, he also lost a bundle gambling about the same time.
lose a woman like catherine.... and a whole lot of money in the same week... you can begin to feel sorry for yourself.
let's not get started on the subject of what we'd prefer.
if mr. ames wants me out of his life, i get the package.
that's where they put me... after your friend, mr. jack ames... had me arrested for transporting a minor.
you wanna learn to kick ass, no better place than yuma.
i was a cop for 20 years... a private investigator for five.
i started out... with a wife and daughter, and i ended up a drunk.
i was living on two years ago and introduced me to the ameses.
seen in a certain light... everything that had happened since then was his fault.
i like to think i'm up above a lot of things... since i retired.
so... you were playing things pretty close to your vest last night.
you might think they had forgotten about it... but how do you forget a house?
then again, maybe they hadn't forgotten... or maybe they were trying to forget.
somebody who thought they could dig up the past with a shovel... without knowing where to dig.
somebody who wouldn't have to break in because he had a key.
somebody without much interest in housekeeping... but with a serious appetite for barbecued chicken wings.
somebody not too bright with a lot of time on his hands... and the kind of patience you learn... doing time in places like yuma, arizona.
if he comes out alone, follow him.... and, reuben... being backup means being there when i need you.
i can't be underneath the pier getting beat up... while you're doing surveillance.
said he'd have solved it 20 years ago... if he'd had a court order and a bulldozer.
the way he figured it... the body had to be buried at that ranch that ames owns... the one nobody goes near.
did it ever strike you this is a lousy way to make a living?
you start out thinking you're going to win a few... but mostly, it's...
you got to give me some time... so i can find whoever did it and...
i don't know, square things up at least a little bit.
you should've seen the way he lay there and didn't move.
one second is all it took and his life was snuffed out.
twenty years ago... and jack called to tell you what happened to billy sullivan--
did i drive to the ranch, find billy still alive... put a gun to his head, and pull the trigger?
i believe that life has worked out for you... in ways that it doesn't for most people.
i think people like you get used to having it work out for you.
after a while, you begin to... think you're entitled to all the things you got.
you think i care about anything in this house... but my husband?
i know a guy who'll take us out... for 80 bucks a day and a case of american beer.
but the funny thing... is that... you know, lester lived in a rat hole.
you see, i think... that on that long drive out to the ranch... you began spending that money...
jack was gonna pay you to keep him out of jail.
i think that... you bought this place in your head... on that ride.
and then, when you got there... you found out billy sullivan wasn't dead.
doesn't it ever bother you... that the jacks and catherines of this world do as they want... because guys like you and me clean up after them?
jack ames couldn't get blood out of a sock... with a washing machine and a gallon of clorox.
it hurt billy so bad... he swam out to sea and never swam back.
of course, he also lost a bundle gambling about the same time.
i piss you off... and you're out in the time it takes to pack one bag.
my husband would need vans, a whole army of movers... and it'd still take him two weeks.
let's not get started on the subject of what we'd prefer.
if mr. ames wants me out of his life, i get the package.
i was a cop for 20 years... a private investigator for five.
i started out... with a wife and daughter, and i ended up a drunk.
would be... if i hadn't passed those suspicions on to verna.
forgive me, harry... but it sounds like you passed them on to you.
he didn't have a job or any money... so i gave him the keys to the ranch house.
i said it was just till he got back on his feet.
you might think they had forgotten about it... but how do you forget a house?
then again, maybe they hadn't forgotten... or maybe they were trying to forget.
somebody who thought they could dig up the past with a shovel... without knowing where to dig.
somebody who wouldn't have to break in because he had a key.
somebody without much interest in housekeeping... but with a serious appetite for barbecued chicken wings.
somebody not too bright with a lot of time on his hands... and the kind of patience you learn... doing time in places like yuma, arizona.
said he'd have solved it 20 years ago... if he'd had a court order and a bulldozer.
the way he figured it... the body had to be buried at that ranch that ames owns... the one nobody goes near.
did it ever strike you this is a lousy way to make a living?
you start out thinking you're going to win a few... but mostly, it's...
it's just like tonight... watching people run out of the... little bit of luck that they got left.
you think you're going to beat the odds, but you don't... or not very often.
i hope you're not going to be mad at me, but... the thing is... after we crack this case...
i'm going to find another line of work... if that's ok with you.
you should've heard the sound his head made... when he hit the bottom.
you should've seen the way he lay there and didn't move.
twenty years ago... and jack called to tell you what happened to billy sullivan...
did i drive to the ranch, find billy still alive... put a gun to his head, and pull the trigger?
i think people like you get used to having it work out for you.
after a while, you begin to... think you're entitled to all the things you got.
then maybe people like you... shouldn't get close to people like me.
you wanna come inside... or do you like it better out there?
i know a guy who'll take us out... for 80 bucks a day and a case of american beer.
but the funny thing... is that... you know, lester lived in a rat hole.
jack was gonna pay you to keep him out of jail.
i think that... you bought this place in your head... on that ride.
and jack's a charming guy, but i got to ask you, harry... don't you ever get tired of the beautiful people?
doesn't it ever bother you... that the jacks and catherines of this world do as they want... because guys like you and me clean up after them?
i started hitting the sauce pretty bad... and it became obvious my wife and i weren't going to make it.
it was raymond who took me in, let me sleep on his couch.
my name is harry ross... and here's the way my life has gone:
first i was a cop, then a private detective... and then a drunk.
it hurt billy so bad... he swam out to sea and never swam back.
of course, he also lost a bundle gambling about the same time.
i piss you off... and you're out in the time it takes to pack one bag.
my husband would need vans, a whole army of movers... and it'd still take him two weeks.
let's not get started on the subject of what we'd prefer.
if mr. ames wants me out of his life, i get the package.
that's where they put me... after your friend, mr. jack ames... had me arrested for transporting a minor.
you wanna learn to kick ass, no better place than yuma.
i was living on two years ago and introduced me to the ameses.
seen in a certain light... everything that had happened since then was his fault.
then again, maybe they hadn't forgotten... or maybe they were trying to forget.
maybe there was a reason... not to sell a million-dollar property... even when you're hard up for cash.
somebody who wouldn't have to break in because he had a key.
somebody without much interest in housekeeping... but with a serious appetite for barbecued chicken wings.
if he comes out alone, follow him.... and, reuben... being backup means being there when i need you.
i can't be underneath the pier getting beat up... while you're doing surveillance.
he went on and on about the old billy sullivan case.
said he'd have solved it 20 years ago... if he'd had a court order and a bulldozer.
i hope you're not going to be mad at me, but... the thing is... after we crack this case...
i'm going to find another line of work... if that's ok with you.
you should've heard the sound his head made... when he hit the bottom.
you should've seen the way he lay there and didn't move.
i believe that life has worked out for you... in ways that it doesn't for most people.
i think people like you get used to having it work out for you.
you see, i think... that on that long drive out to the ranch... you began spending that money...
jack was gonna pay you to keep him out of jail.
i think that... you bought this place in your head... on that ride.
and then, when you got there... you found out billy sullivan wasn't dead.
doesn't it ever bother you... that the jacks and catherines of this world do as they want... because guys like you and me clean up after them?
jack ames couldn't get blood out of a sock... with a washing machine and a gallon of clorox.
i started hitting the sauce pretty bad... and it became obvious my wife and i weren't going to make it.
it was raymond who took me in, let me sleep on his couch.
of course, he also lost a bundle gam bling about the same time.
lose a woman like catherine.... and a whole lot of money in the same week... you can begin to feel sorry for yourself.
if mr. ames wants me out of his life, i get the package.
no package till you tell me what you know about lester lvar.
i was a cop for 20 years... a private investigator for five.
i started out... with a wife and daughter, and i ended up a drunk.
would be... if i hadn't passed those suspicions on to verna.
forgive me, harry... but it sounds like you passed them on to you.
he didn't have a job or any money... so i gave him the keys to the ranch house.
i said it was just till he got back on his feet.
you m ight think they had forgotten about it... but how do you forget a house?
then again, maybe they hadn't forgotten... or maybe they were trying to forget.
somebody who thought they could dig up the past with a shovel... without knowing where to dig.
somebody who wouldn't have to break in because he had a key.
somebody without m uch interest in housekeeping... but with a serious appetite for barbecued chicken wings.
somebody not too bright with a lot of time on his hands... and the kind of patience you learn... doing time in places like yuma, arizona.
said he'd have solved it 20 years ago... if he'd had a court order and a bulldozer.
the way he figured it... the body had to be buried at that ranch that ames owns... the one nobody goes near.
did it ever strike you this is a lousy way to make a living?
you start out thinking you're going to win a few... but mostly, it's...
you got to give me some time... so i can find whoever did it and...
i don't know, square things up at least a little bit.
the thing you just don't get about jack and catherine... is they live for each other.
they have the starring roles in their own lives... and you're just a bit player.
you should've seen the way he lay there and didn't move.
one second is all it took and his life was snuffed out.
twenty years ago... and jack called to tell you what happened to billy sullivan--
did i drive to the ranch, find billy still alive... put a gun to his head, and pull the trigger?
i think people like you get used to having it work out for you.
after a while, you begin to... think you're entitled to all the things you got.
then maybe people like you... shouldn't get close to people like me.
you wanna come inside... or do you like it better out there?
i know a guy who'll take us out... for 80 bucks a day and a case of american beer.
but the funny thing... is that... you know, lester lived in a rat hole.
jack was gonna pay you to keep him out of jail.
i think that... you bought this place in your head... on that ride.
and jack's a charm ing guy, but i got to ask you, harry-- don't you ever get tired of the beautiful people?
doesn't it ever bother you... that the jacks and catherines of this world do as they want... because guys like you and me clean up after them?
i have it on good authority you're something of a musician yourself?
i used to play the organ a bit... ..if that's what you mean.
and if you don't, you'll just have to lump it, won't you?
i wasn't happy about leaving the child with you, either,... ..but it's a case of needs must, mr oakley.
"dear sir or madam,... ..i asked if willie could stay with god-fearing people,... ..so i hope he has."
"like most boys he's full of sin, but he has promised to be good."
you see, when i got him up this morning i found he'd wet the bed.
a not uncommon occurrence, tom,... ..with a child who's been ripped out of his home and dumped in some alien place.
it's got iron in it to help get your strength back.
and what would you know about what you get in a pub?
(wireless) "right across the city, german raiders are leaving blazing buildings."
"overhead i can hear the pulsing drone of the circling bombers."
look, i just wanna make sure he's all right, that's all.
and you've got an address for him round here, have you?
in fact, very sick, i'd say, to do what she did.
the trouble was,... ..with this war on, people so busy surviving' themselves to even notice,... ..there was no-one to help.
mr oakley, dr stelton is one of the very best in his field.
and, along with the rest of us, his one and only concern is for the boy's own welfare.
a lonely and, from what i hear, embittered old man... ..facing a lonely and bitter old age?
you really think that's the only reason i want him back?
and, for what it's worth, i think he loves me as well.
and is that really enough, do you think, in this day and age?
"last night's mass air raid on london... ..is estimated to have been the heaviest so far."
"at least 400 people have been killed... ..and 1400 seriously injured.
(chamberlain) i am speaking to you... ..from the cabinet room at 10 downing street.
this morning the british ambassador in berlin... ..handed the german government a final note... ..stating that, unless we heard from them by 11 o'clock... ..that they were prepared at once to withdraw their troops from poland,...
and if you don't, you'll just have to lump it, won't you?
i wasn't happy about leaving the child with you, either,... ..but it's a case of needs must, mr oakley.
"dear sir or madam,... ..i asked if willie could stay with god-fearing people,... ..so i hope he has."
"like most boys he's full of sin, but he has promised to be good."
it's got iron in it to help get your strength back.
and what would you know about what you get in a pub?
that i'm off my 'ead cos i know what's goin' on out there?
you keep a civil tongue in your head, my lad,... ..or else.
overhead i can hear the pulsing drone of the circling bombers.
in the shelters, men, women and children listen to the muffled sounds... ..of bombs and anti-aircraft fire.
and you've got an address for him round here, have you?
well, tomorrow mornin', god willin', we'll see if we can find him.
in fact, very sick, i'd say, to do what she did.
the trouble was,... ..with this war on, people so busy surviving' themselves to even notice,... ..there was no-one to help.
mr oakley, dr stelton is one of the very best in his field.
and, along with the rest of us, his one and only concern is for the boy's own welfare.
as if he was my own flesh and blood i do.
and, for what it's worth, i think he loves me as well.
at least 400 people have been killed... ..and 1400 seriously injured.
fires are burning all over the city,... ..and many homes in the east end have been razed to the ground.
this morning, the british ambassador in berlin handed the german government a final note.
stating that, unless we heard from them by 11 o'clock, that they were prepared, at once, to withdraw their troops from poland, a state of war would exist between us.
i have it on good authority that you're something of a musician yourself.
i used to play the organ, if that's what you mean.
and if you don't, you'll have to lump it, won't you?
for what it's worth, i wasn't happy about leaving the child with you.
it's got iron in it, to help get your strength back.
and what would you know about what you get in a pub?
perhaps i'm off my head, cos i know what's going on out there?
you just keep a civil tongue in your head, my lad... or else.
look, i just want to make sure he's all right, that's all.
and you've got an address for him round here, have you?
only, what you have to remember, is the way she treated you and the baby was because your mum was sick.
in fact, very sick, i'd say, to do what she did.
mr oakley, dr stelton is one of the best people in his field.
and you can take it from me, like the rest of us, his only concern is for the boy's own welfare.
as if he was my own flesh and blood, i do.
and for what it's worth, i think he loves me, as well.
at least 400 people have been killed, and 1 ,400 seriously injured.
fires are still burning all over the city, and many homes in the east end have been razed to the ground.
and many homes in the east end have been razed to the ground.
the fire and the rescue ser... ( clicks radio off )
(chamberlain) "l am speaking to you... ..from the cabinet room at 1 0 downing street. "
"this morning the british ambassador in berlin... ..handed the german government a final note... ..stating that, unless we heard from them by 1 1 o'clock... ..that they were prepared at once to withdraw their troops from poland,...
his mother will only let him be evacuated if he's with someone... ..who's religious or lives near a church.
and the home office says it is obligatory to take one.
excuse me, mr oakley, you have got him, whether you like it or not.
and if you don't, you'll just have to lump it, won't you?
it ain't a real drink, like you get in a pub.
it's got iron in it to help get your strength back.
that i'm off my 'ead cos i know what's goin' on out there?
you keep a civil tongue in your head, my lad,... ..or else.
"overhead i can hear the pulsing drone of the circling bombers. "
"ln the shelters, men, women and children listen to the muffled sounds... ..of bombs and anti-aircraft fire. "
and you've got an address for him round here, have you?
well, tomorrow mornin', god willin', we'll see if we can find him.
they seem to have patched you up pretty well at the hospital, william.
now you just settle down and i'll call in again tomorrow.
what you have to remember is that the way she treated you and the baby... ..was because your mum was sick, william.
in fact, very sick, i'd say, to do what she did.
somethin' he hadn't seen a lot of, apparently, before he came to me.
are you people really tryin' to tell me... ..that he'll get more of that where you wanna take him to, than he will here?
and, along with the rest of us, his one and only concern is for the boy's own welfare.
let's get a spot of fresh air, shall we, mr oakley?
as if he was my own flesh and blood i do.
and, for what it's worth, i think he loves me as well.
he reckons that, after all the trouble you've caused,... ..they don't want you back any more, thanks.
so... ..as long as i adopt you, all legal and proper like,... ..looks like i'm stuck with you.
"at least 400 people have been killed... ..and 1400 seriously injured.
fires are burning all over the city,... ..and many homes in the east end have been razed to the ground. "
this morning, the british ambassador in berlin handed the german government a final note.
stating that, unless we heard from them by 11 o'clock, that they were prepared, at once, to withdraw their troops from poland, a state of war would exist between us.
i have it on good authority that you're something of a musician yourself.
i used to play the organ, if that's what you mean.
a soldier was marching along the high road, right, left... right, left.
and everybody used to mock him and make fun of him.
it's got iron in it, to help get your strength back.
and what would you know about what you get in a pub?
perhaps i'm off my head, cos i know what's going on out there?
you just keep a civil tongue in your head, my lad... or else.
look, i just want to make sure he's all right, that's all.
and you've got an address for him round here, have you?
in fact, very sick, i'd say, to do what she did.
the trouble was, with this war on, people are so busy surviving themselves to even notice.
something he hadn't seen a lot of, apparently, before he came to me.
are you people really trying to tell me he'll get more of that where you're on about taking him to, than here?
and you can take it from me, like the rest of us, his only concern is for the boy's own welfare.
let's get a spot of fresh air, shall we, mr oakley?
as if he was my own flesh and blood, i do.
and for what it's worth, i think he loves me, as well.
last night's mass air raid on london is estimated to have been the heaviest ofthe warso far.
at least 400 people have been killed, and 1 ,400 seriously injured.
"you will now hear a statement by the prime minister. "
(chamberlain) "l am speaking to you... ..from the cabinet room at 1 0 downing street. "
i have it on good authority you're something of a musician?
i used to play the organ a bit... ..if that's what you mean.
excuse me, mr oakley, you have got him, whether you like it or not.
and if you don't, you'll just have to lump it, won't you?
"dear sir or madam,... ..i asked if willie could stay with god-fearing people,... ..so i hope he has. "
"like most boys he's full of sin, but he has promised to be good. "
you see, when i got him up this morning i found he'd wet the bed.
a not uncommon occurrence, tom,... ..with a child who's been ripped out of his home and dumped in some alien place.
it's got iron in it to help get your strength back.
and what would you know about what you get in a pub?
(wireless) "right across the city, german raiders are leaving blazing buildings. "
"overhead i can hear the pulsing drone of the circling bombers. "
and you've got an address for him round here, have you?
well, tomorrow mornin', god willin', we'll see if we can find him.
what you have to remember is that the way she treated you and the baby... ..was because your mum was sick, william.
in fact, very sick, i'd say, to do what she did.
somethin' he hadn't seen a lot of, apparently, before he came to me.
are you people really tryin' to tell me... ..that he'll get more of that where you wanna take him to, than he will here?
and, along with the rest of us, his one and only concern is for the boy's own welfare.
let's get a spot of fresh air, shall we, mr oakley?
as if he was my own flesh and blood i do.
and, for what it's worth, i think he loves me as well.
he reckons that, after all the trouble you've caused,... ..they don't want you back any more, thanks.
so... ..as long as i adopt you, all legal and proper like,... ..looks like i'm stuck with you.
"at least 400 people have been killed... ..and 1400 seriously injured.
fires are burning all over the city,... ..and many homes in the east end have been razed to the ground. "
i can't count on the film class for support like i was hoping.
so we have to work overtime if we want to meet the festival deadline.
this nullifies the kiss issue and puts you behind the camera with me, where you belong.
but, haven't you already shot a lot of stuff with joey's character?
okay, someone explain to me the state of catherine's mind as she drove heathcliff away.
it was her tragic and dysfunctional way of letting him know she loved him.
for some reason, this story is regarded as some great love story.
but the reality is that heathcliff and catherine never belonged together.
i've been injured in the game with tyler my arm crushed, the bone broken in three places.
but i refuse to tell the coach because he won't let me play at homecoming if i do.
- because i clearly don't condone yours and mom's perverse sex life.
but i'm not too proud to admit that my own inexperience is hindering my current female relations.
you know, that's the nicest thing you've said to me since we met.
joey, i plan to make it really hard for you not to like me.
they know it's coming down to that moment where he tells her what a great time he's had.
he asks if they can do it again, and she smiles in that sexy, teasing way--
i know it's a little confusing, but all you need to know is jen and i have something going on and it's raw and undefined, but this is my attempt to clarify the situation.
so i'd like to ask you to manly step aside so i might have a moment with the object of my desire.
i may just be 1 5 but i'm well beyond the age of accountability.
maybe not within the confines of the judicial system but for me.
if i get like this again and i'm sure i will before this adolescent growth process is over....
next time, just chain me to my bed and wait till my moment of clarity to come.
i've been injured in the game with tyler my arm crushed, the bone broken in three places.
but i refuse to tell the coach because he won't let me play at homecoming if i do.
because i clearly don't condone yours and mom's perverse sex life.
but i'm not too proud to admit that my own inexperience is hindering my current female relations.
he just asked me if i wanted to go, and i said yes.
okay, well, call me confused but that's the definition of a date, jen, isn't it?
i know it's a little confusing, but all you need to know is jen and i have something going on and it's raw and undefined, but this is my attempt to clarify the situation.
so i'd like to ask you to manly step aside so i might have a moment with the object of my desire.
i may just be 1 5 but i'm well beyond the age of accountability.
maybe not within the confines of the judicial system but for me.
if i get like this again and i'm sure i will before this adolescent growth process is over...
next time, just chain me to my bed and wait till my moment of clarity to come.
it was ugly, and it attacked me and it's still out there, just waiting.
i may not believe you, stephanie but i believe in you.
i can't count on the film class for support like i was hoping.
so we have to work overtime if we want to meet the festival deadline.
this nullifies the kiss issue and puts you behind the camera with me, where you belong.
but, haven't you already shot a lot of stuff with joey's character?
okay, someone explain to me the state of catherine's mind as she drove heathcliff away.
it was her tragic and dysfunctional way of letting him know she loved him.
for some reason, this story is regarded as some great love story.
but the reality is that heathcliff and catherine never belonged together.
and we were out on a boat and your mother's lips were chapped from the sun and she asked me if she could borrow my chap stick.
so i took it out and i put some on my lips.
you know, that's the nicest thing you've said to me since we met.
joey, i plan to make it really hard for you not to like me.
they know it's coming down to that moment where he tells her what a great time he's had.
he asks if they can do it again, and she smiles in that sexy, teasing way...
this movie play you've got may not end the way you want.
i'm the one who should be kissing her, joey, not some j. crew ad.
now, where do you get off taking all the responsibility for this?
i may just be 1 5 but i'm well beyond the age of accountability.
as you come is not going this leaves me inside quiet!
like you he/she does think, that what don the one of her did?
and they are excellent, everything counts like this you want this to buy even you and in end he/she has and he/she does for love this, they are ideal and incredibly comfortable there now you n finish mat, the one that i did, i am now such a high one and that additional whole world is full fans and fans and everything whatwo no if i feel of this piece of advice?
you are such a high one, that you can take jump of plane shoe.
i just figure if we are partners now, i should know who's trying to kill us.
maybe i should strangle one of these chickens for the trail and go on.
the whole thing started right at the end of the war.
a federate captain by the name of cluster and four of his men, they disappeared with what was left of the confederate war chest.
about three months later, the captain was all sick of fevers chills up in huntsville, alabama.
they hang him for a pig-headed confederate troops, maybe the one who was still fighting a war.
but the red legs has got pieces of that map and i ain't gonna stop to find all.
red legs and regulators... the only thing that came out of war is a new name for killers.
and i know if you'd decide you're gonna kill me for gold, you ain't gonna make no bad job out of it and leave me dying slow.
i can't go alone and i can't stand the idea the yankees vigilantes finding that gold.
there have been for years stories of gold coins that grow in the valley's dust.
gold buried by the desperate forces of the civil war of the united states.
now, we got to get our sentimental stuff out of the way...
have you ever seen a body close up after it's been...
i know after all we've been through, it may seem dumb, but i wanna stay here.
the longer i live, the more after it i consider what i think is dumb.
and so we arrive at yet another room with the most elegant proportions.
think how splendid it'll be... to see the liberian flag fluttering out of that window.
all of you young ladies know that there is a strict rule... against pets in the school.
what you do not know is that i am highly allergic to dogs.
... down six percent due to a lack of consumer purchasing.
the search is on tonight for two missing children... who disappeared from the cirque pandora carnival late this afternoon.
french police are looking for the son of the spanish ambassador to france... and a local schoolgirl.
what it we never get out of here, never go home?
when you came in with judy, you said you wanted a word with me, then i introduced the subject of jean's eyesight and we talked about that.
what i'm saying is that you never got around to having your word.
if i'm supposed to be getting deaf, why, despite your soft voices, have i heard every word that you've said?
it could because not one of us is more than four feet away!
when you came in with judy, you said you wanted a word with me, then i introduced the subject of jean's eyesight and we talked about that.
what i'm saying is that you never got around to having your word.
and because i am not a boy, my knees crack if i stand up too quickly,
i have been known to doze off in front of the television and, believe it or not, i admit to missing the odd word in a conversation.
do you think we should put this on a business footing?
you mean, how much will i pay you to dish the dirt on your friends?
i stopped doing my own dirty work a long time ago.
if i'd wanted to kill craigie, i'd have paid someone else to do it.
you seem to have a more how shall i put it?
a more earthly view of life than some of your friends.
we stood by in case she had one of her swoons.
and last night, did she go into one of her 'swoons'?
30 seconds later the lights go up and craigie has a knife in his ribs.
no fingerprints on the handle and any on the blade wiped as it went in.
you give me the film you shot and i won't nick you for it.
so when do we get the full story, then, chief inspector?
as i told mr gibbs, whoever gets the money may have had a good reason to kill him.
he leaves the lodge jointly to you, miss cuttle... and guess who else?
i had a little chat earlier today with the director of the circus nacional in madrid.
he misses you, by the way you would do everything you were asked to.
'give them to me,' he said, like i was a servant!
and i thought of her, and how miserable he had made her over all those years.
and, that a girl like that should end up in a place like this.
i poured them into my hand and put them in my pocket.
despite all those who advised him, as friends, not to take such a step.
i won't be revealing a secret when i say that today he called me while on his way to rome, to reap the rewards of this much deserved victory.
already creating a certain distance between my former director and me, the head of one of his news programs.
i, who for five years, could work here in total freedom.
then he meets the cop chasing him and they realise... that deep down they're similar, they both love their work.
you know - good and evil, two sides of the same coin.
the christian democrat emblem was designed by the same guy who designed the phone i have at home and also a kind of pasta...
de mita is with the centre left, so they have another pillar of the old regime.
not at all, on the contrary, they were very full years.
but how can we talk about this in the midst of brown tape and boxes?
that has no effect on 95% of the voters but there are 5% who will go from right to left or left to right.
they change their vote at the last minute... and vote differently from the night before because it's sunny!
we are at the headquarters of the pds, on via delle botteghe oscure.
in a few hours, we should be doing interviews... for my documentary.
all the clippings that i've kept just because they made me angry.
maybe i should start a new file with covers from l'espresso.
i don't think i'll ever go back to albania because i'm 40 and so...
if i have to earn something here... 400 or 500,000 lira a month...
evidently, the shame of the last data cause that the leaders do not want to comment out.
we have requested that lowers to them, but has not been possible.
if desire, you prepare a speech, a suit, a face low and you speak.
if you lose, total, we always lose if you lose, losses and beams dignity declarations full.
...when they asked to him in what his father worked had said: ' ' my papa fixes televisiones".
now i must explain to him, there am it been explaining that papa no longer will be able to fix televisions because probably he will have to fix italy.
yes, our country must reflect on itself reproach the french journalist to me.
now, after the electoral victory of the right are spoken much of the resistance of the reasons of the partisanos but also of those of the facists.
yes, the deads of a side and those of the other the reasons of, those of others... like reaction, the 25 of april anniversary of the liberation of the nazi occupation in milan are a great manifestation and i decide to roll it.
but do not stop to rain and not with himself more than umbrella takings umbrella and more umbrella.
chapter of my documentary one on italy will be dedicated to the media.
i put myself to cut and to trim, to beat and to grapar and i see that the newspapers are equal and mainly that interchanges journalists such.
hay that deals with policy in a newspaper of cinema in a weekly magazine of lefts and of literature in a magazine of rights.
hay another one writes at the same time in ' ' will run della will be ' in a feminine weekly magazine and in the monthly magazine of railroads and, naturally jokes and political satire everywhere because the satire does not have masters so it is to taste under any master.
quiero to roll the electoral campaign of the right the one of the left, the left center left center center.
they insult to us, but we do not have to react.
creo that our victory of sunday also must go directed to create guarantees for all we freedom guarantees guarantees so that all we we pruned to live safe in a free country without social hatreds, without you envy of class...
sunday once again the people of italy will fight against the old parties.
sooner or later i will become crazy definitively and i will be suddenly in london in the hyde park where there is a corner in which sundays any pirado can say what wants and finally i will loosen my speeches there and i will send the letters that it had not sent.
for us, the italians of lefts the best day-care centers of the world the best social services the best hospitals!
faltan few days for the elections and i follow with my documentary one.
we are under the house of corrado stajano journalist and writer who these two years have been senator by the left.
also this time a candidacy has offered him but have rejected it.
go away of rome and are in the heat of change.
- to giovanna, linda and claudius... and what i say to them?
' ' calm, quedaos in house in a pair of hours i call, will have finished todo' to you.
' ' i call to you within 5, 6, 7 horas".
we are in a small room where there are other two girls who are of childbirth.
i do not know why, it has ten of diameter pelvis are small, i do not know.
in addition, do not support in the neck of the uterus.
i am frame, i have spoken with agata and i know that there are new features.
so a greeting to the son of the lion of monteverde to the leoncito.
in north quito other 15,000 that is those of liga and are left 60.000.
that means that to win 30,000 votes plus one make lack.
but, will happen of the right to the left or of the left to the right, since there is sun?
we are in the seat of the pds in the street botteghe oscure and within hours we will make interviews for my documentary one.
naturally, we are all hoping to that the results of the senate are confirmed by those of the camera but meanwhile...
i am seeing in the monitor the data of the camera.
to nanni cost to him in the beginning did not understand why its son wanted to be with its mother and not with its father.
something admirable in him were the process by which it tried to become adult.
that knowledge to be to the margin being present because the boy is first of everything.
and thus he began to learn to be distanced of itself began to think about the boy and finally confronted the challenge of a man that it has to become adult.
of ten things that you have done you have obtained half and never are a broken one for descosido.
i am a boy with luck because they gave a dream to me.
i was born the 19 of august so he had month and means barely.
pietro, to the month and means ate seven times to the day
would have to open a new folder with the covers of ' ' l'espresso'.
those covers that, according to them cause that they sell a 15% more.
we waited for because in spite of the happened thing within days will arrive another boat from albania.
you think that he will be equal or you think that there is difference by the fact that italy have a left or right government?
do not leave to me to cry, nor to write a poem badly.
finally i arm myself of value and i put the winter layer that never had bold to take to me.
despite all those who advised him, as friends, not to take such a step.
i won't be revealing a secret when i say that today he called me while on his way to rome, to reap the rewards of this much deserved victory.
already creating a certain distance between my former director and me, the head of one of his news programs.
i, who for five years, could work here in total freedom.
then he meets the cop chasing him and they realise... that deep down they're similar, they both love their work.
you know - good and evil, two sides of the same coin.
the christian democrat emblem was designed by the same guy who designed the phone i have at home and also a kind of pasta...
de mita is with the centre left, so they have another pillar of the old regime.
not at all, on the contrary, they were very full years.
but how can we talk about this in the midst of brown tape and boxes?
that has no effect on 95% of the voters but there are 5% who will go from right to left or left to right.
they change their vote at the last minute... and vote differently from the night before because it's sunny!
we are at the headquarters of the pds, on via delle botteghe oscure.
in a few hours, we should be doing interviews... for my documentary.
all the clippings that i've kept just because they made me angry.
maybe i should start a new file with covers from l'espresso.
i don't think i'll ever go back to albania because i'm 40 and so...
if i have to earn something here... 400 or 500,000 lira a month...
my friends, my sister, if anything happens ro me they are going to know it's you.
yeah, but you didn't tell anybody about the accident, did ya?
as a matter of fact, i think alex and her whole family are being held hostage at the chemical plant, as we speak.
look, lewis, i'd have to be pretty idiotic to believe a story like that, wouldn't i?
i'll have about a billion dollars in a swiss bank account.
then i'm getting out of the country as fast as i can.
sageway chemical wanted me to head up their research and development if i can bring scooter and everyone else on my team, i may end up there.
oh, and they'd better find a place for dave and for your sister once she finishes college.
well, she had told me that she found foot massages to be erotic.
and she also said that she liked men to surprise her.
i had to touch it and i slowly extended my index finger.
i went to her and i began to digitally caress her.
i'd be on partnership track and home at night with my husband reading what to expect when nursing and trying cases.
instead, i sleep with an inflatable doll and have clients who suck toes.
i can rub and scrub till this old house shines just like a dime
feed the baby, grease the car and powder my face at the same time
i went to her and i began to digitally caress her.
if i'd known you stay out late, i probably never would've hired you.
how many friends do you have that you can truly say, "the right one came along"?
you talk to most people, they'll say the right one got away.
on the charge of misdemeanor battery we find him not guilty.
on the charge of felony breaking and entering, we find him not guilty.
as you might have noticed by our clever sign, it is hot rod week on tool time.
and we are just counting down the days when i finish my '46 ford convertible right here.
so much for a man being able to make up his mind.
well, you have an awful lot of beiges to choose from.
my guests today are kathleen fitzsimmons, mother of two, now an economist with allied bank.
jill taylor, mother of three, just about to complete her masters in psychology.
you should remember some of the things you've said on tool time about women.
such as women aren't decisive, uh, my wife this, my wife that.
that's why it's so important that i listen to all of his ideas, no matter how stupid or pathetic.
...that i listen to all of his ideas, no matter how stupid or pathetic.
sometimes it is hard for me to keep up with the changes you're making.
but i love that you're experiencing new emotions you never thought you'd have.
after we changed the color of the top, the seats didn't match, neither did the side panels.
the maroon didn't match the rim, so i'm gonna repaint that.
so the plan was to party till we ran out of cash in malaysia.
it was a paradise of rum, girls, and good, cheap hash.
you guys don't realise how good you have it right now, right here.
so eager to get on with your charmed lives that you miss what's happening now.
it was only last week when his final pardon appeal was rejected.
i found a detective, the second he found you, here i am.
you're appealing to emotions i don't have and morality i can't afford.
that doesn't change the fact that a man's life hangs in the balance.
sheriff, this is gonna follow you around the rest of your life.
whereas the other way we come home heroes and the city throws us a parade?
- i'm not a piece of dirt you get off on then flush down the john, all right?
he'll fuck you and then sneak out, by the fire escape if he has to.
now, i've asked you nicely to stay out of this until after the hearing.
if i don't get something from you soon, i'll go straight to your two guys.
and i figure you've got to know sooner than later because of everything.
i just wanted to come and let you know where you stand with me.
you give me three days - three days - until the hearing is over, ok?
you promise me that you will not talk to a soul and that i have lewis exclusively.
cos they were scared that i was gonna tear it into strips to hang myself.
i said, "hey, guys, what do you think i'm paying you for?"
"in a country proud of its many species of exotic butterflies, a butterfly is about to be broken on a wheel."
"the wheel is malaysian justice, a term which strikes one american woman as a cruel joke."
so the plan was to party till we ran out of cash in malaysia.
it was a paradise of rum, girls, and good, cheap hash.
you guys don't realise how good you have it right now, right here.
so eager to get on with your charmed lives that you miss what's happening now.
not when he was convicted two years ago, not when he was sentenced to death.
it was only last week when his final pardon appeal was rejected.
you come to new york on what was pretty much a fishing expedition.
you stay on the park, eat here, not some coffee shop.
if this goes down, god forbid, and lewis hangs, you don't think this is gonna be headline news?
sheriff, this is gonna follow you around the rest of your life.
- i'm not a piece of dirt you get off on then flush down the john, all right?
he'll fuck you and then sneak out, by the fire escape if he has to.
now, i've asked you nicely to stay out of this until after the hearing.
if i don't get something from you soon, i'll go straight to your two guys.
you give me three days... three days, until the hearing is over, ok?
you promise me that you will not talk to a soul and that i have lewis exclusively.
in returning voluntarily, you are to be commended for your courage.
is there anything you wish to say to this court, mr volgecherev?
a story that was picked up by the asian international tribune.
"in a country proud of its many species of exotic butterflies, a butterfly is about to be broken on a wheel. "
- "... whose brother was arrested two years ago in penang. "
"blamed for having bought hashish with two friends, this nature-loving young man now, incredibly, faces death. "
your cities are decaying, the souls of your young people are stolen from you.
our laws may seem harsh but our streets remain safe and our youth is protected.
is it civilisation and its discontents or uh... you, me and the monkeys?
i don't think i'm cut out for that kind of thing, lew.
not when he was convicted two years ago, not when he was sentenced to death.
it was only last week when his final pardon appeal was rejected.
you're appealing to emotions i don't have and morality i can't afford.
that doesn't change the fact that a man's life hangs in the balance.
sheriff, this is gonna follow you around the rest of your life.
whereas the other way we come home heroes and the city throws us a parade?
- i'm not a piece of dirt you get off on then flush down the john, all right?
he'll fuck you and then sneak out, by the fire escape if he has to.
if you weren't wasting your life here, it might be different.
but this pal you'll save, odds are he's worth more than you.
if i don't get something from you soon, i'll go straight to your two guys.
you don't know who they are, or you'd already be there.
and i figure you've got to know sooner than later because of everything.
i just wanted to come and let you know where you stand with me.
i can renew it tomorrow on an emergency basis if you decide something different.
so when you said about me being off the hook, you were just lying to my face?
in returning voluntarily, you are to be commended for your courage.
is there anything you wish to say to this court, mr volgecherev?
a story that was picked up by the asian international tribune.
"in a country proud of its many species of exotic butterflies, a butterfly is about to be broken on a wheel. "
- "... whose brother was arrested two years ago in penang."
"blamed for having bought hashish with two friends, this nature-loving young man now, incredibly, faces death. "
your cities are decaying, the souls of your young people are stolen from you.
our laws may seem harsh but our streets remain safe and our youth is protected.
you don't think this is going to be, like, headline news?
sheriff, this is going to follow you around the rest of your life.
so you got 4 days left, so you figure why don't i just try to fuck the guy
'cause then maybe i'll get him to do what i want.
you give me 3 days... 3 days until the hearing is over, ok?
you promise me that you will not talk to a soul
then how come you're so ready to slam the door on him?
because i know something about guys who have clubs and badges, all right?
is it civilisation and its discontents or uh... you, me and the monkeys?
i don't think i'm cut out for that kind of thing, lew.
not when he was convicted two years ago, not when he was sentenced to death.
it was only last week when his final pardon appeal was rejected.
you're appealing to emotions i don't have and morality i can't afford.
that doesn't change the fact that a man's life hangs in the balance.
sheriff, this is gonna follow you around the rest of your life.
whereas the other way we come home heroes and the city throws us a parade?
- i'm not a piece of dirt you get off on then flush down the john, all right?
he'll fuck you and then sneak out, by the fire escape if he has to.
if you weren't wasting your life here, it might be different.
but this pal you'll save, odds are he's worth more than you.
if i don't get something from you soon, i'll go straight to your two guys.
you don't know who they are, or you'd already be there.
and i figure you've got to know sooner than later because of everything.
i just wanted to come and let you know where you stand with me.
i can renew it tomorrow on an emergency basis if you decide something different.
so when you said about me being off the hook, you were just lying to my face?
in returning voluntarily, you are to be commended for your courage.
is there anything you wish to say to this court, mr volgecherev?
a story that was picked up by the asian international tribune.
"in a country proud of its many species of exotic butterflies, a butterfly is about to be broken on a wheel. "
- "... whose brother was arrested two years ago in penang. "
"blamed for having bought hashish with two friends, this nature-loving young man now, incredibly, faces death. "
your cities are decaying, the souls of your young people are stolen from you.
our laws may seem harsh but our streets remain safe and our youth is protected.
is it civilisation and its discontents or uh... you, me and the monkeys?
i don't think i'm cut out for that kind of thing, lew.
not when he was convicted two years ago, not when he was sentenced to death.
it was only last week when his final pardon appeal was rejected.
you come to new york on what was pretty much a fishing expedition.
you stay on the park, eat here, not some coffee shop.
if this goes down, god forbid, and lewis hangs, you don't think this is gonna be headline news?
sheriff, this is gonna follow you around the rest of your life.
i guess if you're seeing this tape you've kind of figured that my vacation plans... changed.
i was set to go off and try and save the orang-utan, do what i can.
if you weren't wasting your life here, it might be different.
but this pal you'll save, odds are he's worth more than you.
if i don't get something from you soon, i'll go straight to your two guys.
you don't know who they are, or you'd already be there.
i can renew it tomorrow on an emergency basis if you decide something different.
so when you said about me being off the hook, you were just lying to my face?
in returning voluntarily, you are to be commended for your courage.
is there anything you wish to say to this court, mr volgecherev?
a story that was picked up by the asian international tribune.
"in a country proud of its many species of exotic butterflies, a butterfly is about to be broken on a wheel."
your cities are decaying, the souls of your young people are stolen from you.
our laws may seem harsh but our streets remain safe and our youth is protected.
it was a perfectly beautiful night, as fall nights are in washington.
i walked out of the president's oval office, and as i walked out,
i thought i might never live to see another saturday night.
throughout the 1940s and '50s, the caribbean island of cuba had been america's playground;
cuba's land and industry were owned almost entirely by american corporations.
we considered it part of the united states practically, just a wonderful little country over there that was of no danger to anybody, as a matter of fact was a rather important economic asset to the united states.
in this perfect order, over 500 members of the former regime were accused of crimes against the people, tried and executed.
fearing the rise of a new dictator, thousands fled to exile in the united states.
it promised honesty in the administration which had never existed in cuba.
there were health programs which had never existed before, education programs which had never existed before.
cuba decided to buy oil from the soviet union, which would be cheaper.
the country could get also credit from the soviet union, who were willing to help us.
government agencies of the united states began training people to bomb cuba and to burn the sugar cane fields.
they used small planes with incendiary devices to set fire to the fields.
american cia agents had been training cuban exiles to invade cuba.
this, they thought, would be the impetus for the cuban people to rise up and overthrow castro.
the plan was presented to the new president, john f. kennedy.
kennedy felt that a plan that he had inherited, in which a band of cuban exiles were to liberate their own country, was one he could hardly turn his back on.
surely the united states should help get rid of a communist dictatorship in our hemisphere.
the cia badly misled the new president, promising him an easy victory and an end to the cuban problem.
an advance wave of american bombers planned to destroy castro's air force on the ground.
the president, worried that this might reveal washington's role, ordered the operation scaled down.
on april the 15th, 1961, just six american bombers, disguised in the colors of the cuban air force, took off from nicaragua for a crucial attack on cuban airfields.
but with so few bombers, only three cuban planes were destroyed.
castro, seeking soviet support, finally declared that the revolution was socialist.
we prepared ourselves to resist an invasion against all the forces we knew the americans had at their disposal."
the following day, just 1,500 exiles, equipped with american arms and ammunition, arrived at the bay of pigs, 125 miles to the south of havana.
"we were the happiest men in the world, because we had the opportunity to return to cuba, our homeland, to fight to rescue freedom and democracy so that our country could be for all cubans."
american planes were to protect the invasion force as they hit the beach.
but kennedy, now faced with international condemnation for the initial bombing, canceled the air support.
jack kennedy was devastated by the fiasco at the bay of pigs, and he said it was a fiasco.
he was not accustomed to failure in politics or in life.
alarmed by this prospect, america kept up the pressure on castro.
in the spring of 1962, a "practice invasion" of a caribbean island was mounted by 40,000 american marines.
we did that purposely to make castro pay more attention to that than causing trouble in latin and central america.
but the cubans and the russians, they told us later, believed that the united states really did intend to attack cuba and therefore castro kept saying, 'i need some help.'
castro's pleas inspired the soviet leader khrushchev to make a daring offer.
he had boasted to the world of russia's nuclear strength, but in reality he knew just how limited his long-range missile force really was.
i immediately appreciated the strategic importance the presence of those missiles in cuba.
by that time, the americans had already transported similar missiles to turkey.
in july 1962, under the nose of the americans, the first of 150 soviet ships, loaded with heavily disguised nuclear missiles and over 40,000 troops, sailed for cuba.
the americans just didn't notice that we managed to deliver not one but 43,000 people there, plus the equipment, weapons, and everything necessary for the installation work.
we put all the cars, trucks and tractors on the top, all the military equipment was hidden under the decks.
cia agents in cuba reported that russian troops and missile trailers had been seen in the streets of havana.
but the cia had noticed the increase in soviet ships heading for cuba.
on october 14th, a u-2 spy plane was ordered to fly across the island to try to discover what was going on.
the next morning, the photographic interpretation center in washington started analyzing the pictures that the u-2 had taken.
we're looking at the photography and we spot objects that are foreign to the environment.
and we kept looking, and we said, oh-oh, this is an ss-4 ballistic missile site.
so working with the photo interpreters we became convinced that this was it.
the soviets had never put any nuclear weapons outside the soviet borders, and we didn't think they'd do it, you know.
the truth of the matter is that it never dawned on us that they would take that kind of risk.
we didn't spend a great deal of time wondering why the soviets were doing this, because why they had done it, for whatever reason they had done it, they had done it in a surreptitious way,
lying to the united states through a variety of messages and messengers, that they were only putting defensive weapons into cuba, and those weapons constituted a clear and present danger to our security.
a first strike would have knocked out all the american air bases, bomber bases, all the american missile bases and all american cities except seattle, which was out of their range.
but washington, d.c., new york city, dallas, would all have gone under the hammer.
we talked about the possibility of an air strike, which was at one time or another almost everybody's first choice, upon first thought, to knock out the missiles.
we talked about an invasion of cuba, which was always the preferred choice of the right wing, go in and take cuba away from castro and rid the island of communism, while at the same time getting rid of these missiles;
robert kennedy, the president's brother and closest adviser, became concerned that if america's might was used without warning against a small island, world opinion would turn against them.
robert kennedy - rightfully, in my opinion - drew the analogy that it would be regarded by the world as a bombing of cuba, of bases in cuba, comparable to the bombing of pearl harbor by the japanese in 1941.
and he said, 'i don't think i want my brother to become another tojo.'
as the arguments continued, the soviet foreign minister, andrei gromyko, and the soviet ambassador, anatoly dobrynin, kept a long-standing engagement at the white house.
the president raised the question of the increasing tension between our two countries in connection with the soviet deliveries of weapons.
the president said, 'we are worried about it because it's connected with our own safety and security.'
gromyko told him - just as i was told to say -
that all our deliveries, mr. president, are of a defensive nature.
if the u.s. were not to respond to soviet deception, how would this influence the attitude of our nato allies, how would they view the u.s. guarantee of their security, and how would it influence the future behavior of the soviet union?
if they got by with deception once, couldn't they do it again?
for the next two days, kennedy stayed away, keeping up with a congressional election campaign.
in washington, his advisers tried to come up with a solution.
there were no good solutions every solution was full of holes and risks.
it was the only time during my three years in the white house that i would wake up in the middle of the night agonizing over what was the right approach, what would work, what would not blow up the world.
it was believed that the quarantine would convey to khrushchev the determination of the president to see that those missiles were removed, without stimulating a military response.
but in case the quarantine didn't work, preparations were made for air strikes, and a massive american invasion force was made ready.
this morning when he examined the president, he found that the president had developed a slight temperature, and he was suffering from a minor upper respiratory ailment.
the president will therefore cancel his schedule for the rest of today and tomorrow and return to washington and the white house.
about halfway to washington, i suddenly found myself alone with kennedy in the front part of the airplane.
i said, mr. president, you're not sick, what the hell's going on?
an unusual flurry of top secret military and diplomatic activity over the weekend has washington guessing today that a major move in american foreign policy may be imminent.
the speculation centers on the caribbean and possible action against cuba."
in one hour's time, at 7 p.m., the president will make a radio and television appeal to the american people, where he will describe the situation.
at the same time he wants you to pass the message on to khrushchev.'
at 7 o'clock, kennedy announced to the world for the first time the discovery of soviet missiles in cuba, and that a blockade was now in force.
"the purpose of these bases can be none other than to provide a nuclear strike capability against the western hemisphere.
to halt this offensive buildup, a strict quarantine on all offensive military equipment under shipment to cuba is being initiated.
all ships of any kind bound for cuba from whatever nation or port will, if found to contain cargoes of offensive weapons, be turned back.
i call upon chairman khrushchev to halt and eliminate this clandestine, reckless and provocative threat to world peace, and to stable relations between our two nations.
he has an opportunity now to move the world back from the abyss of destruction."
kennedy spoke about quarantine, that sounded as something not very precise, perhaps not a blockade, as it actually was.
so the first reactions were pretty tough from the soviet side.
i said, 'no, our captains had no such orders, as far as i am aware they are instructed to go on to cuba.
according to international law you have no right to stop our ships in the open sea.
further, force will be used if necessary to stop and search any ship, of any nation, bound for cuba."
i think that was the moment that really was the heart-stopper.
i recall being in the newsroom just waiting for that next bulletin, and almost literally trying to type with my fingers crossed.
"let's check over at the pentagon, with charles burne friend on that.
chuck, is there any late information about the position of those soviet ships, or what might be happening to them?"
"walter, we haven't heard a word for several hours now, as to when the confrontation between u.s. vessels and the soviet ships will come about."
we were learning for the first time the time that we would have after the explosion, before the... the... the fumes, the killing fumes, killing heat and so forth, would reach us.
the soviet leaders had tried to keep the crisis from their people, but the news was getting out.
"well, at its beginning, this day looked as if it might be one of armed conflict between soviet vessels and american warships on the sea lanes leading to cuba.
but there has been no confrontation as far as we know, and some hope has been generated by suggestions of negotiation."
almost at the last moment, the missile ships appeared to have slowed down, or altered course.
that evening, as kennedy dined with friends at the white house, a toast was proposed to celebrate.
kennedy ordered the interception of the bucharest, a ship carrying soviet oil.
he knew there was no possibility of an oil tanker carrying missiles, but it was a signal to khrushchev that he was deadly serious.
"...of world opinion right now and you can answer yes or no.
you have denied that they exist and i want to know if i have understood you correctly."
as the soviet ambassador prevaricated, the u-2 photographs were brought into the meeting for the world to see.
with work continuing on the missile sites in cuba, the buildup of u.s. invasion forces in florida increased.
if they had started an invasion using the marines or the airborne forces, the losses would have been enormous:
we would have fought to the last soldier, to the last bullet.
khrushchev went on to offer that if the united states declared that they wouldn't invade cuba:
"the necessity of the presence of our military specialists in cuba will disappear".
much... even better than a simple decision by the united states not to attack cuba.
president kennedy was prepared to take the american missiles out of turkey.
but they were part of america's contribution to nato and he could offer khrushchev no promises.
as kennedy considered the options, he received news that the crisis had escalated again.
in continued american reconnaissance, a u-2 spy plane overflew a soviet anti-aircraft site in the east of cuba.
this time, the soviet commander gave the order to launch a surface-to-air missile against it.
the division commander lt. colonel grechkove was given the order to liquidate the target.
if we hadn't shot down a plane which had photographed all of our bases, it would have enabled the enemy to destroy us.
jack kennedy and bobby kennedy, they crafted this answer to khrushchev that did just that.
it ignored the shoot-down of the u-2, it ignored the broadcast from moscow that was very hawkish, you know, etc., etc., etc., and just
were we going to be bombing those areas, and kennedy started the meeting by saying, 'listen, all of you have not been home for at least six, seven days
i want all of you to go home tonight, come back tomorrow morning, sunday morning and we'll make the decision sunday morning.'
they left the white house fearful that america could soon be engulfed in nuclear war a war that once started, might be impossible to stop.
it was a perfectly beautiful night, as fall nights are in washington.
i walked out of the president's oval office, and as i walked out,
i thought i might never live to see another saturday night.
'you know, if that's the only condition which prevents us from striking a deal, then i'm authorized by the president to say that we agree to it.'
we could not take them out under threat, we could not take them out unilaterally, because they were nato bases, but he had our assurance that they would be gone provided it was not done on a quid pro quo basis.
kennedy's terms that he would be willing to guarantee that there would be no attack on cuba, but that the soviet union should withdraw all offensive weapons from cuba.
khrushchev, fearing that this might be the last chance to escape war, rushed a message, accepting kennedy's terms, to radio moscow.
it never crossed my mind they would do anything like this.
the whole world was under the impression that khrushchev had lost because he'd given in to the pressure of a strong president.
that he'd taken everything out of cuba, but got nothing in return.
no one knew about the agreement regarding the missiles in turkey.
there is no question that if it hadn't been solved, and we had invaded cuba, we would have been in a nuclear war and the number of people who would have been killed around the world in that nuclear war would have been absolutely disastrous.
that was the biggest crisis of the 20th century, and the fact that kennedy solved it with khrushchev is absolutely important, because then we were moving into a totally different world.
ten years ago, he bludgeoned his mother to death with a pick-axe.
and then, he spent the next week fucking the old lady's corpse.
i have nothing to do with them, and i don't want any trouble.
what you are is scared shitless, asshole, and if you move,
so you talked to my dad about our private life before speaking with me?
look, ali when i ended up alone, your parents gave me what i most needed at that time love and affection.
ten years ago, he bludgeoned his mother to death with a pick-axe.
and then, he spent the next week fucking the old lady's corpse.
i have nothing to do with them, and i don't want any trouble.
what you are is scared shitless, asshole, and if you move,
so you talked to my dad about our private life before speaking with me?
look, ali when i ended up alone, your parents gave me what i most needed at that time love and affection.
after the e light comes on, i have almost a day's worth of petrol left.
i'm not gonna risk running out of gas in the middle of garfield park.
after the e light comes on, i have almost a day's worth of petrol left.
i'm not gonna risk running out of gas in the middle of garfield park.
after the e light comes on, i have almost a day's worth of petrol left.
i'm not gonna risk running out of gas in the middle of garfield park.
i'm pleased to inform you that your intelligence protocol has been reactivated.
they've asked you resume your post as s.h.i.e.l.d.'s public director, effective immediately.
now, why don't you take your blow-dryer and get the hell out of my afternoon sun.
always a pleasure to see the old warhorse chewing out the troops.
well, i did graduate top of my class at the s.h.i.e.l.d. kirby academy.
i'm an accredited instructor of advanced rappelling and single-line physical ascent.
the cerebral matrix has been programmed with your memory engrams and reflex tapes.
in other words, it not only talks like you, it moves like you.
i don't know whether to congratulate you or drive a stake through its heart.
i don't know whether to congratulate you or drive a stake...
the retrovirus was initially developed by the nazi biochemist, arnim zola.
der totenkopf, literally the death's head, because of the facial contortions suffered by its victims.
ten years ago, von strucker tried to raise the fourth reich courtesy of der totenkopf.
clay and nick trapped him in his lab, and the mad baron fell victim to his own weapon.
interpol got a whisper on his location, passed it along to us.
so, it's safe to say every hydra agent in the phone book is out looking for him.
i see the remnants of what was once the world's greatest terrorist organization, squabbling like animals for table scraps.
for too long, hydra has been splintered and weak, divided by our enemies and reduced to warring factions.
any attempt to evacuate manhattan will result in the immediate release of the virus.
be in no doubt as to the seriousness of your situation.
i think we now know what viper meant by a demonstration.
the real inspector runciter, she's been dropped off at a berlin hospital.
i'd like to clarify something, sir, before we proceed any further.
it is crucial that the public does not get any word of this.
now, having said that, what do you people intend to do about this?
sir, we're concentrating all of our efforts on finding viper's base of operations.
between minus 10 and 15 degrees celsius, in its inert state.
which means we're looking for a rig with a refrigeration system.
you see the charming thing about the electronics industry is the remarkably tidy records that they keep.
now, this motherboard was inside a laptop which was sold in unimak.
i mean, she could just as easily have said noon new york time.
that points to the fact that her headquarters are not on the east coast.
you try it, and i'll have you thrown in the brig.
i won't have you jeopardizing this mission for some personal vendetta.
i happen to know that area very well and the prevailing winds at this time of the year.
that bomb goes off, the death head virus will cover jersey, pennsylvania and most of ohio in 10 hours.
sometimes i think we're the only thing that keeps each other in business.
you know val, there's something i want to get straight between us.
maybe i lost more than my job when i parted ways with s.h.i.e.l.d.
and maybe it took a dose of dying for me to realize it.
i imagine this stirs up some pretty unpleasant memories for you, sir.
all i have to do is look in the mirror, pierce.
i'm an accredited instructor of advanced rappelling and single-line physical ascent.
i also have an alpha-class rating in explosives use and disposal.
your particular brand of vigilantism isn't going to cut it anymore.
with all due respect, director, if the world had changed you wouldn't need people like me, now, would you?
in other words, it not only talks like you, it moves like you.
i don't know whether to congratulate you or drive a stake through its heart.
clay quartermain was wearing contact lenses fitted with high-res micro cameras during the assault.
the scrolls at the bottom of the screen are clay's vital signs.
clay and nick trapped him in his lab, and the mad baron fell victim to his own weapon.
the allies agreed that the virus should be totally destroyed, eradicated from the face of the earth.
very soon, hydra will be in possession of the most dangerous weapon ever created.
the dream of a new order my father envisioned is within our grasp.
"i died for beauty but was scarce adjusted in the tomb"
"when one who died for truth was lain to rest in the adjoining room"
if the poison was passed from her lips, then she has to be immune to it.
the toxin must have been engineered from her specific genetic template.
gabe, i do not intend to spend the last few hours of my life on this planet in the heli-carrier sickbay.
i'll get that vampire's blood if i have to suck it from her neck.
all right, listen, as much as i'd like to sit here and lick old wounds, we got a job to do, okay?
i want all dedicated persons on the bridge asap for a full intel breakdown.
death's head virus has been set to explode somewhere in manhattan.
you have until 6:00 p.m. greenwich mean time tomorrow to assemble one billion us dollars.
i want an emergency planning session in the war room, 1400 hours!
and i want to know how that thing got in here.
which means we're looking for a rig with a refrigeration system.
and what if your people aren't able to track down these missiles?
i had the lab run that tape through voice stress analyzer.
viper's psych profile suggests that she'll release the virus even if her demands are met.
you don't have to be an esp agent to see that.
yeah, well, i got eight million other lives to worry about right now.
see, i scraped up what was left and this is the remains of the motherboard.
you see the charming thing about the electronics industry is the remarkably tidy records that they keep.
i'm the best man for the job, and you know it, pincer.
you try it, and i'll have you thrown in the brig.
that bomb goes off, the death head virus will cover jersey, pennsylvania and most of ohio in 10 hours.
now, you want to explain to the governors of those states why you just wiped out 40 million people?
you got lucky with the numbers game, but your luck's about to run out.
in ten seconds they'll be coming through the door with a hundred men.
listen, once i get this medicine in me, how long before it works?
i am going to run a computer program on her template.
and maybe it took a dose of dying for me to realize it.
well, that sounds an awful lot like an apology to me.
do you remember when we was just four mooks who was boosting hubcaps?
- we were trying to be big men on the block.
the sheriff was hoping you could tell us whose coat you were wearing.
16 bullet holes -judging from the powder residue, shot at very close range.
you see, this is why no one cooperates with law enforcement!
do you realise that these crimes lead directly to the death penalty?
if it's gonna keep lhasa and rose out of this mess.
lean back when you go forward, lean forward when you go back.
you know, the... uh... the prosecutor declined my offer to testify.
he says i'm a... a hit man who faked my own death.
i'm the accountant in the place and it is me who is going down with you
you get caught by blabbing your big mouth all over the place
tonight is the night i see... everything that's waiting for me
i'm loving this new world i'm in you know it fits like second skin
tonight is the night i fly spread my wings and touch the sky!
tonight is the night i see everything that's waiting for me
anita recorded a great album with casablanca but some people thought it was too disco
i had been taking business classes at ny during the day and managing a restaurant in the village at night
"as far as my dad went, it was better there too"
i got to jersey to see him and my sisters about once a week
"just like an old time movie, about a ghost from a wishing well"
"in a castle dark, or a fortress strong with chains upon my feet"
i'm the accountant in the place and it is me who is going down with you
you get caught by blabbing your big mouth all over the place
"in the morning, i went to breakfast at the alpine inn,"
"like we used to, the day after christmas when mom was alive"
i'm loving this new world i'm in you know it fits like second skin
then they say it comes and goes so fast but we got something built to last
i had been taking business classes at ny during the day and managing a restaurant in the village at night
"as far as my dad went, it was better there too"
i'm the accountant in the place and it is me who is going down with you
you get caught by blabbing your big mouth all over the place
tonight is the night i see... everything that's waiting for me
i'm loving this new world i'm in you know it fits like second skin
tonight is the night i fly spread my wings and touch the sky!
tonight is the night i see everything that's waiting for me
anita recorded a great album with casablanca but some people thought it was too disco
i had been taking business classes at ny during the day and managing a restaurant in the village at night
"as far as my dad went, it was better there too"
i got to jersey to see him and my sisters about once a week
"just like an old time movie, about a ghost from a wishing well"
"in a castle dark, or a fortress strong with chains upon my feet"
i'm the accountant in the place and it is me who is going down with you
you get caught by blabbing your big mouth all over the place
"in the morning, i went to breakfast at the alpine inn,"
"like we used to, the day after christmas when mom was alive"
i'm loving this new world i'm in you know it fits like second skin
then they say it comes and goes so fast but we got something built to last
i had been taking business classes at ny during the day and managing a restaurant in the village at night
"as far as my dad went, it was better there too"
i am the accountant in the place and it is me who is going down with you
you get caught by blabbing your big mouth all over the place
"that is right, i love that may i kiss your hand?"
"you know, i have been good for the whole week now"
tonight is the night i see... everything that's waiting for me
i am loving this new world i am in you know it fits like second skin
tonight is the night i fly spread my wings and touch the sky!
tonight is the night i see everything that's waiting for me
anita recorded a great album with casablanca but some people thought it was too disco
i had been taking business classes at ny during the day and managing a restaurant in the village at night
"as far as my dad went, it was better there too"
i got to jersey to see him and my sisters about once a week
"just like an old time movie, about a ghost from a wishing well"
"in a castle dark, or a fortress strong with chains upon my feet"
i'm the accountant in the place and it is me who is going down with you
you get caught by blabbing your big mouth all over the place
"in the morning, i went to breakfast at the alpine inn,"
"like we used to, the day after christmas when mom was alive"
i'm loving this new world i'm in you know it fits like second skin
then they say it comes and goes so fast but we got something built to last
i had been taking business classes at ny during the day and managing a restaurant in the village at night
"as far as my dad went, it was better there too"
it was the greatest party in the history of the world.
my boss used to say, "the road of excess leads to the palace of wisdom."
- i don't know, but you should have seen all the photographers.
i bet you i even got in one of their pictures.
thanks for the memories, dad, but it wasn't a korean war show.
so shane, tell him about that black lady you danced with.
well, let me put it this way-- what the i.r.s. doesn't know won't hurt them.
you can dance with a celebrity or a garbage collector or a female impersonator, you know.
hey, can i talk to you about maybe putting' somebody on the list?
no, man, you have to talk to steve, and he's been working 72 hours straight, so you tread lightly.
okay, once a month, the nephew of the king of saudi arabia, right, flies 7,000 miles to dance here for one night, all night, then gets back on his plane at sunrise.
he tells me it's the only place on earth that he feels totally free.
well, i'm from jersey city, which is close to bayonne, so you can say that 'cause it sounds better.
and i'm a bartender but i'm really more of an entertainer.
and she gave me a pair of socks and call it a night.
yeah, my family would be glued to "it's a wonderful life"
i also told them that i worked for the government... and that i would be away for a long time.
now, what i need you to do, is i need you to come... to my parent's house with me, all right?
i'm the luckiest girl... to have found such a wonderful husband.
i fell in love with him the first time i met him.
all the girls in the office were always telling me... how much they were in love with their boss.
i had never seen him, because i worked way down... on the other side of the building.
i walk into my office, and there's this giant bouquet of roses.
i was just like, my god, what are those flowers on my desk?
so, you, the asshole, will confess to the crime of which he is accused, so as to free the innocent man.
now, if you fail... to convince the court, or if you refuse to try to, then very evil and very bad things are gonna happen.
i heard from guys in here who know for a fact, okay.
they know for a fact that he missed that fuckin' field goal on purpose.
billy, you going... you still going to do that bad thing... you said you were going to do?
don't... don't you think that's not a good thing to do?
this is scott wood, you know, the guy buffalonians love to hate.
folks, look, i'm real sorry about that field goal i missed.
do you think we could stop... and get a hot chocolate on the way?
i was only kidding when i said i wanted to lay down with you.
then how you going to feel when she comes over sick?
how you going to feel then when you see how sick she is?
i also told them that i worked for the government and that i would be away for a long time.
what i need you to do is to come to my parents' house with me, and pretend to be my wife-- acting, all right?
no, really, i'm the luckiest girl to have found such a wonderful husband.
i fell in love with him the first time i met him.
so one day, i walk into my office, and there's this giant bouquet of roses.
and i was just like, "my god, what are those flowers on my desk?"
i thought maybe they had gotten the wrong desk or something.
so i go to open the card-- there's a little note attached.
anyway, this bookie got so sick that he just had... to throw up.
the only way he could make himself feel better was to do bad things.
mr. brown, based on your confession, you are found guilty as charged.
therefore, it is the judgment of this court that you are sentenced to the maximum term-- five years, no parole.
i heard from guys in here who know for a fact-- they know for a fact that he missed that fucking field goal on purpose.
that he got paid money and he missed it on purpose.
i got some beautiful topless dancers here at my new nightclub, scott wood's solid gold.
come on down and check out these beautiful girls, stripping down for you to next to nothing.
why don't we just go some place, the two of us?
we'll get a room and we'll just lay down together, we'll lay in a bed.
do you think we could stop and get a hot chocolate on the way?
i was only kidding... when i said i wanted to lay down with you.
and then when i got into class... that's when i saw her.
and i remember just... staring at her and i started thinking things.
i'm gonna be really sad if you don't come back, unless you tell me.
if you're not going to come back, just tell me, don't lie to me.
♪ she knows just what to say to make me feel so good inside ♪
♪ and when i'm all alone, i feel i don't want to hide ♪
♪ today she brought me in and told me where she'd been ♪
♪ she put my mind at rest and put the sweetness in ♪
♪ she knows just what to say to make a sunny day ♪
♪ and when i'm all alone, i really don't feel that way ♪
and stamp, then smile, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight.
stamp, then-a-one, three, four, five, six, seven, eight, and doubles !
then how you gonna feel when she comes over sick ?
how you gonna feel then, when you see how sick she is ?
i said i was married. i also told them i worked for the government... and that i would be away for a long time.
now, what i need you to do, is i need you to come... to my parent's house with me, all right ?
i'm the luckiest girl... to have found such a wonderful husband.
i fell in love with him the first time i met him.
all the girls in the office were always telling me... how much they were in love with their boss.
i had never seen him, because i worked way down... on the other side of the building.
but one day, he comes into the office, and i see him, and i fell in love-- madly in love-- with him.
but, you know, i couldn't talk to him, because i was just a typist, and--
so, one day... i walk into my office, and there's this giant bouquet of roses.
i was just like, my god, what are those flowers on my desk ?
the only way he could make himself feel better was to-- to do bad things.
[ sighs ] to do very, very bad things to the excuse maker.
so, you, the asshole, will confess to the crime of which he is accused, so as to free the innocent man.
now, if you fail... to convince the court, or if you refuse to try to, then very evil and very bad things are gonna happen.
they know for a fact that he missed that fuckin' field goal on purpose.
that he got paid money and he missed it on purpose, okay ?
you want to help me or you don't want to help me, huh ?
well, he's got the tv commercial and he's got that club... where the girls take off their clothes.
[ layla ] lf you were my son, i'd be proud of you.
[ billy ] did you see them kiss your ass ?
this is scott wood, you know, the guy buffalonians love to hate.
folks, look, i'm real sorry about that field goal i missed.
do you think we could stop... and get a hot chocolate on the way ?
[ sighs ] i was only kidding when i said i wanted to lay down with you.
i was very young, but i was imagining kissing her... and marrying her.
and i just thought about her every day, all the time.
i found a little box for them, and i sent them to you.
and you're not very nice to me, and i don't know if i wanna be friends with you, if you're gonna yell at me.
i said it. i'm takin' it back, so stay away from my locker.
if i find out you go near my locker, i swear to god, i'll give you a karate chop right in the head.
i'm the luckiest girl... to have found such a wonderful husband.
i fell in love with him the first time i met him.
all the girls in the office were always telling me... how much they were in love with their boss.
i had never seen him, because i worked way down... on the other side of the building.
i walk into my office, and there's this giant bouquet of roses.
i was just like, my god, what are those flowers on my desk?
so, you, the asshole, will confess to the crime of which he is accused, so as to free the innocent man.
now, if you fail... to convince the court, or if you refuse to try to, then very evil and very bad things are gonna happen.
i heard from guys in here who know for a fact, okay.
they know for a fact that he missed that fuckin' field goal on purpose.
billy, you going, you still going to do that bad thing... you said you were going to do?
don't, don't you think that's not a good thing to do?
i got some beautiful topless dancers... here at my new nightclub, scott wood's solid gold.
come on down and check out these beautiful girls... stripping' down for you to next to nothin'.
since you guys were in school together, you wanna come over and sit down here for a little bit maybe?
uh, we're getting ready to leave, but, uh, thanks a lot.
i don't need your pity, "she's too good for me" crap.
so what, we're gonna leave because you ran into someone... that you had a crush on in middle school?
i had never seen him, because i worked way down... on the other side of the building.
but one day, he comes into the office, and i see him, and i fell in love...
i was just like, my god, what are those flowers on my desk?
i thought maybe they had gotten the wrong desk or something.
anyway, this bookie got so sick that he just had to throw up.
the only way he could make himself feel better was to... to do bad things.
mr. brown, based on your confession, you are found guilty as charged.
therefore, it is the judgment of this court... that you are sentenced to the maximum term.
they know for a fact that he missed that fuckin' field goal on purpose.
that he got paid money and he missed it on purpose, okay?
you want to help me or you don't want to help me?
well, he's got the tv commercial and he's got that club... where the girls take off their clothes.
i got some beautiful topless dancers... here at my new nightclub, scott wood's solid gold.
come on down and check out these beautiful girls... stripping' down for you to next to nothin'.
i don't need your pity, "she's too good for me" crap.
so what, we're gonna leave because you ran into someone... that you had a crush on in middle school?
i was very young, but i was imagining kissing her... and marrying her.
and i just thought about her every day, all the time.
all right, you can come in, but don't look at me.
if you look at me one time, i'm gonna throw you out of the room.
i found a little box for them, and i sent them to you.
and you're not very nice to me, and i don't know if i wanna be friends with you, if you're gonna yell at me.
i also told them that i worked for the government and that i would be away for a long time.
what i need you to do is to come to my parents' house with me, and pretend to be my wife-- acting, all right?
so one day, i walk into my office, and there's this giant bouquet of roses.
and i was just like, "my god, what are those flowers on my desk?"
i thought maybe they had gotten the wrong desk or something.
so i go to open the card-- there's a little note attached.
anyway, this bookie got so sick that he just had... to throw up.
the only way he could make himself feel better was to do bad things.
i heard from guys in here who know for a fact-- they know for a fact that he missed that fucking field goal on purpose.
that he got paid money and he missed it on purpose.
so you want to help me or you don't want to help me?
he's got that tv commercial, and he's got that club where the girls take off their clothes.
why don't we just go some place, the two of us?
we'll get a room and we'll just lay down together, we'll lay in a bed.
do you think we could stop and get a hot chocolate on the way?
i was only kidding... when i said i wanted to lay down with you.
and i remember just... staring at her and i started thinking things.
i was very young, but i was imagining kissing her and marrying her.
and when i'm all alone, i feel i don't want to hide
today she brought me in and told me where she'd been
she put my mind at rest and put the sweetness in
i'll ask her for some time to go and look around
and when i'm all alone, i really don't feel that way
tell me how would you feel with no world of your own?
and stamp, then smile, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight.
stamp, then-a-one, three, four, five, six, seven, eight, and doubles !
then how you gonna feel when she comes over sick ?
how you gonna feel then, when you see how sick she is ?
i said i was married. i also told them i worked for the government... and that i would be away for a long time.
now, what i need you to do, is i need you to come... to my parent's house with me, all right ?
i'm the luckiest girl... to have found such a wonderful husband.
i fell in love with him the first time i met him.
all the girls in the office were always telling me... how much they were in love with their boss.
i had never seen him, because i worked way down... on the other side of the building.
but one day, he comes into the office, and i see him, and i fell in love-- madly in love-- with him.
but, you know, i couldn't talk to him, because i was just a typist, and--
so, one day... i walk into my office, and there's this giant bouquet of roses.
i was just like, my god, what are those flowers on my desk ?
the only way he could make himself feel better was to-- to do bad things.
[ sighs ] to do very, very bad things to the excuse maker.
so, you, the asshole, will confess to the crime of which he is accused, so as to free the innocent man.
now, if you fail... to convince the court, or if you refuse to try to, then very evil and very bad things are gonna happen.
they know for a fact that he missed that fuckin' field goal on purpose.
that he got paid money and he missed it on purpose, okay ?
you want to help me or you don't want to help me, huh ?
well, he's got the tv commercial and he's got that club... where the girls take off their clothes.
[ layla ] lf you were my son, i'd be proud of you.
[ billy ] did you see them kiss your ass ?
this is scott wood, you know, the guy buffalonians love to hate.
folks, look, i'm real sorry about that field goal i missed.
do you think we could stop... and get a hot chocolate on the way ?
[ sighs ] i was only kidding when i said i wanted to lay down with you.
i was very young, but i was imagining kissing her... and marrying her.
and i just thought about her every day, all the time.
i found a little box for them, and i sent them to you.
and you're not very nice to me, and i don't know if i wanna be friends with you, if you're gonna yell at me.
i said it. i'm takin' it back, so stay away from my locker.
if i find out you go near my locker, i swear to god, i'll give you a karate chop right in the head.
i'm the luckiest girl... to have found such a wonderful husband.
i fell in love with him the first time i met him.
all the girls in the office were always telling me... how much they were in love with their boss.
i had never seen him, because i worked way down... on the other side of the building.
i walk into my office, and there's this giant bouquet of roses.
i was just like, my god, what are those flowers on my desk?
so, you, the asshole, will confess to the crime of which he is accused, so as to free the innocent man.
now, if you fail... to convince the court, or if you refuse to try to, then very evil and very bad things are gonna happen.
i heard from guys in here who know for a fact, okay.
they know for a fact that he missed that fuckin' field goal on purpose.
billy, you going, you still going to do that bad thing... you said you were going to do?
don't, don't you think that's not a good thing to do?
i got some beautiful topless dancers... here at my new nightclub, scott wood's solid gold.
come on down and check out these beautiful girls... stripping' down for you to next to nothin'.
since you guys were in school together, you wanna come over and sit down here for a little bit maybe?
uh, we're getting ready to leave, but, uh, thanks a lot.
i don't need your pity, "she's too good for me" crap.
so what, we're gonna leave because you ran into someone... that you had a crush on in middle school?
i was very young, but i was imagining kissing her... and marrying her.
and i just thought about her every day, all the time.
all right, you can come in, but don't look at me.
if you look at me one time, i'm gonna throw you out of the room.
i found a little box for them, and i sent them to you.
and you're not very nice to me, and i don't know if i wanna be friends with you, if you're gonna yell at me.
i also told them i worked for the government... and that i would be away for a long time.
now, what i need you to do, is i need you to come... to my parent's house with me, all right?
i had never seen him, because i worked way down... on the other side of the building.
but one day, he comes into the office, and i see him, and i fell in love- madly in love- with him.
i walk into my office, and there's this giant bouquet of roses.
i was just like, my god, what are those flowers on my desk?
so, you, the asshole, will confess to the crime of which he is accused, so as to free the innocent man.
now, if you fail... to convince the court, or if you refuse to try to, then very evil and very bad things are gonna happen.
i heard from guys in here who know for a fact, okay.
they know for a fact that he missed that fuckin' field goal on purpose.
billy, you going, you still going to do that bad thing... you said you were going to do?
don't, don't you think that's not a good thing to do?
i got some beautiful topless dancers... here at my new nightclub, scott wood's solid gold.
come on down and check out these beautiful girls... stripping' down for you to next to nothin'.
since you guys were in school together, you wanna come over and sit down here for a little bit maybe?
uh, we're getting ready to leave, but, uh, thanks a lot.
i don't need your pity, "she's too good for me" crap.
so what, we're gonna leave because you ran into someone... that you had a crush on in middle school?
i found a little box for them, and i sent them to you.
and you're not very nice to me, and i don't know if i wanna be friends with you, if you're gonna yell at me.
i also told them i worked for the government... and that i would be away for a long time.
now, what i need you to do, is i need you to come... to my parent's house with me, all right?
i had never seen him, because i worked way down... on the other side of the building.
but one day, he comes into the office, and i see him, and i fell in love...
i was just like, my god, what are those flowers on my desk?
i thought maybe they had gotten the wrong desk or something.
anyway, this bookie got so sick that he just had to throw up.
the only way he could make himself feel better was to... to do bad things.
mr. brown, based on your confession, you are found guilty as charged.
therefore, it is the judgment of this court... that you are sentenced to the maximum term.
they know for a fact that he missed that fuckin' field goal on purpose.
that he got paid money and he missed it on purpose, okay?
you want to help me or you don't want to help me, huh?
well, he's got the tv commercial and he's got that club... where the girls take off their clothes.
this is scott wood, you know, the guy buffalonians love to hate.
folks, look, i'm real sorry about that field goal i missed.
do you think we could stop... and get a hot chocolate on the way?
i was only kidding when i said i wanted to lay down with you.
and stamp, then smile, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight.
stamp, then-a-one, three, four, five, six, seven, eight, and doubles !
then how you gonna feel when she comes over sick ?
how you gonna feel then, when you see how sick she is ?
come here. ls that how your house is, filthy like that ?
you see how nice the car is when it's clean ?
i said i was married. i also told them i worked for the government... and that i would be away for a long time.
now, what i need you to do, is i need you to come... to my parent's house with me, all right ?
hey, listen, when we finish eating, i'll look around, find a tape for you.
you take it home, play it anytime you want, okay ?
it's the intestines of the cow, and it's very good for you.
it's terrific. lsn't that what you said was your favorite food ?
i had never seen him, because i worked way down... on the other side of the building.
but one day, he comes into the office, and i see him, and i fell in love-- madly in love-- with him.
i was just like, my god, what are those flowers on my desk ?
i thought maybe they had gotten the wrong desk or something.
anyway, this bookie got so sick that he just had to throw up.
the only way he could make himself feel better was to-- to do bad things.
mr. brown, based on your confession, you are found guilty as charged.
therefore, it is the judgment of this court... that you are sentenced to the maximum term.
they know for a fact that he missed that fuckin' field goal on purpose.
that he got paid money and he missed it on purpose, okay ?
you want to help me or you don't want to help me, huh ?
well, he's got the tv commercial and he's got that club... where the girls take off their clothes.
this is scott wood, you know, the guy buffalonians love to hate.
folks, look, i'm real sorry about that field goal i missed.
i was very young, but i was imagining kissing her... and marrying her.
and i just thought about her every day, all the time.
no, i just-- you know, you see how you start ?
didn't you say you just want to come and sit in here ?
i said it. i'm takin' it back, so stay away from my locker.
if i find out you go near my locker, i swear to god, i'll give you a karate chop right in the head.
i also told them i worked for the government... and that i would be away for a long time.
now, what i need you to do, is i need you to come... to my parent's house with me, all right ?
it's the intestines of the cow, and it's very good for you.
it's terrific. lsn't that what you said was your favorite food ?
all the girls in the office were always telling me... how much they were in love with their boss.
i had never seen him, because i worked way down... on the other side of the building.
but one day, he comes into the office, and i see him, and i fell in love-- madly in love-- with him.
but, you know, i couldn't talk to him, because i was just a typist, and--
i was just like, my god, what are those flowers on my desk ?
i thought maybe they had gotten the wrong desk or something.
anyway, this bookie got so sick that he just had to throw up.
the only way he could make himself feel better was to-- to do bad things.
[ sighs ] to do very, very bad things to the excuse maker.
and very, very bad things to the excuse maker's mother and father.
mr. brown, based on your confession, you are found guilty as charged.
therefore, it is the judgment of this court... that you are sentenced to the maximum term.
i heard from guys in here who know for a fact, okay.
they know for a fact that he missed that fuckin' field goal on purpose.
you want to help me or you don't want to help me, huh ?
well, he's got the tv commercial and he's got that club... where the girls take off their clothes.
this is scott wood, you know, the guy buffalonians love to hate.
folks, look, i'm real sorry about that field goal i missed.
since you guys were in school together, you wanna come over and sit down here for a little bit maybe ?
uh, we're getting ready to leave, but, uh, thanks a lot.
i don't need your pity, "she's too good for me" crap.
so what, we're gonna leave because you ran into someone... that you had a crush on in middle school ?
no, i just-- you know, you see how you start ?
didn't you say you just want to come and sit in here ?
i found a little box for them, and i sent them to you.
and you're not very nice to me, and i don't know if i wanna be friends with you, if you're gonna yell at me.
then how you going to feel when she comes over sick?
how you going to feel then when you see how sick she is?
i'm asking you to come there and make me look good.
and if you make a fool out of me, i swear to god,
no, really, i'm the luckiest girl to have found such a wonderful husband.
i fell in love with him the first time i met him.
i worked way down on the other side of the building.
but one day he comes into the office, and i see him.
and i was just like, "my god", what are those flowers on my desk?"
i thought maybe they had gotten the wrong desk or something.
anyway, this bookie got so sick that he just had... to throw up.
the only way he could make himself feel better was to do bad things.
i heard from guys in here who know for a fact... they know for a fact that he missed that fucking field goal on purpose.
that he got paid money and he missed it on purpose.
so you want to help me or you don't want to help me?
he's got that tv commercial, and he's got that club where the girls take off their clothes.
i got some beautiful topless dancers here at my new nightclub, scott wood's solid gold.
come on down and check out these beautiful girls, stripping down for you to next to nothing.
why don't we just go some place, the two of us?
we'll get a room and we'll just lay down together, we'll lay in a bed.
do you think we could stop and get a hot chocolate on the way?
i was only kidding... when i said i wanted to lay down with you.
and i remember just... staring at her and i started thinking things.
i was very young, but i was imagining kissing her and marrying her.
i'm gonna be really sad if you don't come back, unless you tell me.
if you're not going to come back, just tell me, don't lie to me.
♪ she knows just what to say to make me feel so good inside ♪
♪ and when i'm all alone, i feel i don't want to hide ♪
♪ today she brought me in and told me where she'd been ♪
♪ she put my mind at rest and put the sweetness in ♪
♪ she knows just what to say to make a sunny day ♪
♪ and when i'm all alone, i really don't feel that way ♪
and stamp, then smile, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight.
stamp, then-a-one, three, four, five, six, seven, eight, and doubles !
then how you gonna feel when she comes over sick ?
how you gonna feel then, when you see how sick she is ?
i said i was married. i also told them i worked for the government... and that i would be away for a long time.
now, what i need you to do, is i need you to come... to my parent's house with me, all right ?
i'm the luckiest girl... to have found such a wonderful husband.
i fell in love with him the first time i met him.
all the girls in the office were always telling me... how much they were in love with their boss.
i had never seen him, because i worked way down... on the other side of the building.
but one day, he comes into the office, and i see him, and i fell in love-- madly in love-- with him.
but, you know, i couldn't talk to him, because i was just a typist, and--
so, one day... i walk into my office, and there's this giant bouquet of roses.
i was just like, my god, what are those flowers on my desk ?
the only way he could make himself feel better was to-- to do bad things.
[ sighs ] to do very, very bad things to the excuse maker.
so, you, the asshole, will confess to the crime of which he is accused, so as to free the innocent man.
now, if you fail... to convince the court, or if you refuse to try to, then very evil and very bad things are gonna happen.
they know for a fact that he missed that fuckin' field goal on purpose.
that he got paid money and he missed it on purpose, okay ?
you want to help me or you don't want to help me, huh ?
well, he's got the tv commercial and he's got that club... where the girls take off their clothes.
[ layla ] lf you were my son, i'd be proud of you.
[ billy ] did you see them kiss your ass ?
this is scott wood, you know, the guy buffalonians love to hate.
folks, look, i'm real sorry about that field goal i missed.
do you think we could stop... and get a hot chocolate on the way ?
[ sighs ] i was only kidding when i said i wanted to lay down with you.
i was very young, but i was imagining kissing her... and marrying her.
and i just thought about her every day, all the time.
i found a little box for them, and i sent them to you.
and you're not very nice to me, and i don't know if i wanna be friends with you, if you're gonna yell at me.
i said it. i'm takin' it back, so stay away from my locker.
if i find out you go near my locker, i swear to god, i'll give you a karate chop right in the head.
i also told them i worked for the government... and that i would be away for a long time.
now, what i need you to do, is i need you to come... to my parent's house with me, all right?
i had never seen him, because i worked way down... on the other side of the building.
but one day, he comes into the office, and i see him, and i fell in love...
i was just like, my god, what are those flowers on my desk?
i thought maybe they had gotten the wrong desk or something.
anyway, this bookie got so sick that he just had to throw up.
the only way he could make himself feel better was to... to do bad things.
mr. brown, based on your confession, you are found guilty as charged.
therefore, it is the judgment of this court... that you are sentenced to the maximum term.
they know for a fact that he missed that fuckin' field goal on purpose.
that he got paid money and he missed it on purpose, okay?
you want to help me or you don't want to help me, huh?
well, he's got the tv commercial and he's got that club... where the girls take off their clothes.
this is scott wood, you know, the guy buffalonians love to hate.
folks, look, i'm real sorry about that field goal i missed.
do you think we could stop... and get a hot chocolate on the way?
i was only kidding when i said i wanted to lay down with you.
i also told them i worked for the government... and that i would be away for a long time.
now, what i need you to do, is i need you to come... to my parent's house with me, all right?
i had never seen him, because i worked way down... on the other side of the building.
but one day, he comes into the office, and i see him, and i fell in love...
i was just like, my god, what are those flowers on my desk?
i thought maybe they had gotten the wrong desk or something.
anyway, this bookie got so sick that he just had to throw up.
the only way he could make himself feel better was to... to do bad things.
mr. brown, based on your confession, you are found guilty as charged.
therefore, it is the judgment of this court... that you are sentenced to the maximum term.
they know for a fact that he missed that fuckin' field goal on purpose.
that he got paid money and he missed it on purpose, okay?
you want to help me or you don't want to help me, huh?
well, he's got the tv commercial and he's got that club... where the girls take off their clothes.
this is scott wood, you know, the guy buffalonians love to hate.
folks, look, i'm real sorry about that field goal i missed.
do you think we could stop... and get a hot chocolate on the way?
i was only kidding when i said i wanted to lay down with you.
i was very young, but i was imagining kissing her... and marrying her.
and i just thought about her every day, all the time.
all right, you can come in, but don't look at me.
if you look at me one time, i'm gonna throw you out of the room.
i found a little box for them, and i sent them to you.
and you're not very nice to me, and i don't know if i wanna be friends with you, if you're gonna yell at me.
you're forbidden to talk to or recognise a punter outside the casino.
if you see someone who's gambled here, even casually on the street, you must ignore him or her.
i bet you five to one you won't get any sleep.
you've got to unwind in this job, jack, or it'll kill you.
'he had no idea where marion was staying or with whom.
'he realised he knew little about her life, but then... 'he had never asked about it.
you're forbidden to talk to or recognize a punter outside the casino.
if you see someone who's gambled here, even if it's just casually on the street, you must ignore him or her.
two, the possibility jani or her creditors would want the money back if the plan failed.
to begin with, he put the odds at two against, seven for.
it kills the very good and the very gentle and the very brave impartially.
if you are none of these, you can be sure it will kill you, 1:00.
even if it was true, which it isn't, what the fuck difference would it make to you?
- because if the supervisor knew that i'd seen it and didn't report it, then i'd lose my job,
and he had discovered there was a price to pay for this double life of his.
he had no idea where marion was staying, or with whom.
with your luck, you ought to come over to our side.
- even his publisher had no idea who the author was.
now he had reached the point where he no longer heard the sound of the ball.
the spin of the wheel had brought him home to the place where he was born.
and i'll make some joke about beaver meadow on the show,
and then what you can do is say something about cockaponset.
and you will conceive in your womb and bear a son.
and the lord god will give him the throne of his father david, and he shall reign in the house forever.
i know you want me to come back but my work's in new york.
you never speak about that job as if you loved it.
it's a romantic idea, helen, but too much can go wrong.
besides, i can't have you young mothers cutting into my income, now can i, huh?
after she had it, she put my son out to pasture.
and she took jackson and poisoned his mind against his father.
i really love you, and we need to be supportive of each other.
i understand that she's your mother, but soon i'm gonna be a mother.
yes, i want you to go, and i want you to win, and i want you to get your ass back here as fast as you can.
it's more than three hours away and you wanna get there before dinner.
one of those things they use to pull nails out of boards.
he landed on it just wrong and it crushed his sternum.
and you who are most worthy shall take the child to your bosom and become its mother.
and the women neighbors will give him a name, saying, 'a son is born to you."'
believe me, i wish i could give you something, but i can't.
you just have to go through it, and feel it deeply.
you know, it's very dangerous to take more than just a drop of this.
i want you to know that jackson and i are gonna raise that baby the way he deserves.
your wife and baby are gonna need you at full strength.
believe me, you've got a tough few months ahead of you.
you know, i realized this morning now that jackson has a son of his own, he's gotta let go of all those old ghosts so he can be free.
i just got obsessed with finding one of these things and burying it so deep in the ground that it can't ever harm anyone in our family again.
i mean, your mama went downstairs after you called her, just like you said.
and she found that he had fallen on this thing in this freak way.
he fell with tragic, almost inconceivable precision on this thing, and it crushed his sternum.
just as surely as if someone had smashed it into his body.
ι didn't really tell her that, i guess my hopes were showing.
i know you want me to come back but my work's in new york.
whenever you could come visit with me at the home for the near dead.
but your new mother-in-law said you had bigger fish to fry.
she'd been pulling the boards off this old shed to make room for my kittens.
she came in and she had this look on her face, and she was stilι holding this nail puιler in one hand and this tool basket in the other.
now that i have your attention, there's just one thing i wanna mention.
what's this i hear about you wanting to have the baby at home?
it's a romantic idea, helen, but too much can go wrong.
besides, i can't have you young mothers cutting into my income, now can i, huh?
i can see that my ways bother her and i'm truly sorry about that.
but one thing i do know that we both want is that horse to win this weekend.
this girι is so filled with anxieties, i don't know what to do.
it probably has something to do with all those books on pregnancy she's reading.
yes, i want you to go, and i want you to win, and i want you to get your ass back here as fast as you can.
it's more than three hours away and you wanna get there before dinner.
one of those things they use to pull nails out of boards.
he landed on it just wrong and it crushed his sternum.
and you who are most worthy shall take the child to your bosom and become its mother.
and the women neighbors will give him a name, saying, 'a son is born to you.'"
you just have to go through it, and feel it deeply.
and then you will never, ever forget what your chiιd means to you.
you know, it's very dangerous to take more than just a drop of this.
i want you to know that jackson and i are gonna raise that baby the way he deserves.
with the fliers i sent out and the ad in the paper--
i didn't tell her that, but i guess my hopes were showing.
i know you want me to work the place, but my work's in new york.
you never speak about that job as if you loved it.
whenever you could visit me at the home for the near-dead.
but your new mother-in-law said you had bigger fish to fry.
she'd been pulling boards off this shed to make room for my kittens.
she came in, and she had this look on her face.
besides, i can't have you young mothers cutting into my income... now can l, huh?
dr. hill, who told you that i want to have the baby at home?
i really love you, and we need to be supportive of each other.
i understand that she's your mother... but soon i'm going to be a mother... and i need you.
what we both want is that horse to win this weekend.
helen and i will be packing, and everything will be ready... for my grandson.
i detest my sins because i dread the pains of hell..
i but most of all because they offend thee, my god... who sent me a daughter-in-law from the land of the moabites.
you just have to go through it... and feel it deeply.
and then you will never... ever forget what your child means to you.
you know, it's very dangerous to take more than just a drop of thisl
i want you to know that jackson and i will raise the baby the way it deserves.
and what's worse, she made you, her own child, think that he did it... so that she could bind you to her for the rest of your life!
i want you to throw this lying bitch out of my house!
and you will conceive in your womb and bear a son.
and the lord god will give him the throne of his father david, and he shall reign in the house forever.
does everyone think i'm moving in, or is madge just a trial balloon?
let's see, with the flyers i sent out and the ad in the paper...
i know you want me to come back but my work's in new york.
you never speak about that job as if you loved it.
they were fighting about this woman my father was seeing, this robin hayes, he was ιeaving us to be with her.
my mom stormed out and i thought my father was going after her, so i charged in like i was gonna save her or something.
but then, jackson and ι have always had each other to ιean on, thank god.
weιl, i don't have to tell you what it's like to ιose someone you love.
after she had it, she put my son out to pasture.
and she took jackson and poisoned his mind against his father.
look, i don't know what has been going on between you and me and your mother.
and ι'm trying to be respectful of that, but it's been very difficult, and you...
i really ιove you, and we need to be supportive of each other.
i understand that she's your mother, but soon i'm gonna be a mother.
his daddy fell on a farm tool that was lying at the foot of the stairs.
one of those things they use to pull nails out of boards.
believe me, i wish ι could give you something, but i can't.
you just have to go through it, and feel it deeply.
you'll tell them all sorts of things about me, make up stories.
you know, it's very dangerous to take more than just a drop of this.
your wife and baby are gonna need you at full strength.
believe me, you've got a tough few months ahead of you.
you know, i realized this morning now that jackson has a son of his own, he's gotta let go of all those old ghosts so he can be free.
i just got obsessed with finding one of these things and burying it so deep in the ground that it can't ever harm anyone in our family again.
i mean, your mama went downstairs after you called her, just like you said.
and she found that he had fallen on this thing in this freak way.
he fell with tragic, almost inconceivable precision on this thing, and it crushed his sternum.
just as surely as if someone had smashed it into his body.
with the fliers i sent out and the ad in the paper--
i didn't tell her that, but i guess my hopes were showing.
i know you want me to work the place, but my work's in new york.
you never speak about that job as if you loved it.
whenever you could visit me at the home for the near-dead.
but your new mother-in-law said you had bigger fish to fry.
she'd been pulling boards off this shed to make room for my kittens.
she came in, and she had this look on her face.
besides, i can't have you young mothers cutting into my income... now can l, huh?
dr. hill, who told you that i want to have the baby at home?
i really love you, and we need to be supportive of each other.
i understand that she's your mother... but soon i'm going to be a mother... and i need you.
what we both want is that horse to win this weekend.
helen and i will be packing, and everything will be ready... for my grandson.
i detest my sins because i dread the pains of hell..
i but most of all because they offend thee, my god... who sent me a daughter-in-law from the land of the moabites.
you just have to go through it... and feel it deeply.
and then you will never... ever forget what your child means to you.
you know, it's very dangerous to take more than just a drop of thisl
i want you to know that jackson and i will raise the baby the way it deserves.
and what's worse, she made you, her own child, think that he did it... so that she could bind you to her for the rest of your life!
i want you to throw this lying bitch out of my house!
never thought we could've come upon this soon after we came here to seek perfection
don't ever let sister know about it or she'll blame us for our behaviour i won't
remember that after 36 days we may shed our animal frame and be immortal
during this period, monsters, within or without may try to ruin us
it's inconvenient for us to live in the same room lf this becomes known
it may affect my name and your chastity i won't live here long l'll just put down the things and leave
you knew they're my sisters and yet you... i couldn't help it they offered themselves to me
i always respect you i cherish no evil thoughts for you
wu tung is powerful i can't beat him i'm seeking your help, taoist priest
you can't cope with him when you're still haunted by evil thoughts
whole day long she just eats and sleeps or sleeps and eats
my god, i don't have any hope left in this life
help me fix this judgement book, send it to satan's temple fast.
or else no one die in the world, whole world will be in mess.
you turn down someone who loves you and insist on getting the one who doesn't love you
you nearly lost your life for the sake of love l-meng
it's a swap between hell and earth chu, fortune did smile on you
by dint of your strong yang and true love you can shuttle between earth and hell and bring l-meng back to earth
just when i'm trying to find my feet at a new place.
oh, i'm sorry-- i really am-- but there's rather more at stake than your good name at work.
oh, i'll remember that, mr. patten, next time they're looking a bit droopy.
anyway, where has mr. wainthropp been these last couple of days?
not just a car mrs. wainthropp, the car, according to janet.
oh, but she's in that line of work, isn't she, this janet?
we all are, but it's not in anyone's interest to get this matter out of proportion.
in that case, mr. cavendish, if the child is innocent, it's in everyone's interest i go ahead and prove it.
well, it's good of you to let me come over in it, anyway.
it's like we say in the business-- when you've got one on the hook, never let him off, no matter how much he wriggles.
better find a telephone, let mrs. wainthropp know what's going on.
you be all right here on your own for a bit?
well, i found the stuff where i'd been told it would be.
you found a single tablet which tom rainford may or may not have known about.
doesn't it worry you that somebody somewhere, quite possibly in this school, supplied the drug?
mrs. wainthropp, i don't know what your interest is, but let me tell you one thing.
i wouldn't say it was one of our northern ways, mr. watts, planting drugs on people.
do you know what the very first thing you learn when you become a teacher, mrs. wainthropp, is that nobody, but nobody, has ever done anything?
we had this breakdown, you see, out in the wild somewhere.
so we ended up in the back of the car keeping each other warm, didn't we, geoff?
then surely, i've no alternative now but to bring in the police.
just give me till friday, and if we still haven't come up with anything concrete, by all mean, call in the drug squad.
it's private, but i was thinking, could we be in line for a reward for collaring ashby?
it's not every day we get ourselves a real, live drug baron.
it was nothing more than a way to exact vengeance on sisko.
but i had no idea the effect it would have on me.
it made me realise i still have a role to play in bajor's destiny.
you mean besides overseeing an occupation that killed tens of millions?
i can only hope that one day you'll let it go.
i brought you here because i want you to be a part of our community.
i want you to see the community we're building here so you'll know you have nothing to fear from dukat, or from us.
only one of the fusion generators is operational, so we don't have power for things like replicators.
you should be honoured to father the first child born to our community.
i hope we live up to the faith you have in us.
he wants to believe it was a miracle, but i know he has doubts.
if he ever asks me, i don't know if i can lie to him.
forgive me for letting temptation obscure the path you laid out for me.
when mika awakes, and i pray she does, your children will learn the truth.
to become warriors in this great battle, we must transform ourselves.
our corporeal bodies are not suitable for the task, so we must leave them behind.
in a few hours, at the beginning of a new day, we will gather together here for the last time.
we will shed the flesh that ties us to this world and deliver ourselves into the waiting arms of the "pah-wraiths. "
developed by the obsidian order for use by their operatives in case of capture.
not only is death swift, but it reduces the body to dust within hours, making it unidentifiable to the enemy.
my children, the time has come for us to leave this world behind us.
as we embark on this journey, our hearts are not heavy, but joyful.
a symbol of the covenant i've made with my new family.
your new family... lt makes sense these people chose you as their leader.
it was nothing more than a way to exact vengeance on sisko.
but i had no idea the effect it would have on me.
it made me realise i still have a role to play in bajor's destiny.
you mean besides overseeing an occupation that killed tens of millions?
i can only hope that one day you'll let it go.
i brought you here because i want you to be a part of our community.
if the homing transponder was in place, up to three light years.
there was a homing transponder, all right. lt was wrapped in this.
when dukat first came to us, i didn't want to accept him.
i realised the "pah-wraiths" had taken this man of evil and washed him clean.
and if i did indeed cause your mother any pain, i deeply regret it.
just as i regret many things i did in those years.
what's obvious is you hate him so much, you can't even entertain the possibility that a miracle has occurred.
are you so blind that you will just believe anything he says?
i have faith. i would think you'd understand what that means.
is it impossible that the "pah-wraiths" have sent us this child as a sign?
my children, the "pah-wraiths" have asked us to join them in their holy quest to reclaim the celestial temple.
to become warriors in this great battle, we must transform ourselves.
our corporeal bodies are not suitable for the task, so we must leave them behind.
in a few hours, at the beginning of a new day, we will gather together here for the last time.
they should be able to have someone here for you within a day or so.
i know you're desperate to keep your followers. i know you'd kill them.
developed by the obsidian order for use by their operatives in case of capture.
not only is death swift, but it reduces the body to dust within hours, making it unidentifiable to the enemy.
my children, the time has come for us to leave this world behind us.
as we embark on this journey, our hearts are not heavy, but joyful.
now they have to pick up the pieces and move on.
i thought dukat was claiming to share their faith because he wanted them to love him.
i wanted to help it enter the wormhole so it could force the prophets out.
it was nothing more than a way to exact vengeance on sisko.
but i had no idea the effect it would have on me.
it was only inside of me for a very short time, but it opened my heart.
you mean besides overseeing an occupation that killed tens of millions?
you have no idea how much it pains me to know i caused so much suffering.
when the time is right, they will reveal it to me.
something tells me their plan involves you being ruler of bajor again.
i brought you here because i want you to be a part of our community.
i want you to share in the love these people have for one another.
when dukat first came to us, i didn't want to accept him.
i realised the pah-wraiths had taken this man of evil... and washed him clean.
mika and her husband are the first to get the master's blessing to bear children.
you have to get permission from dukat to have a baby?
in ancient times, bajorans understood the value of denying worldly pleasures.
ironic, isn't it, that a cardassian would lead us back to the old ways?
just as i regret many things i did in those years.
that's why i'm so glad the pah-wraiths have given me an opportunity to redeem myself with your people.
you have your station back, bajorans to serve your every whim.
and the best part is, this time they really do love you.
what's obvious is you hate him so much, you can't even entertain the possibility that a miracle has occurred.
are you so blind that you will just believe anything he says?
my children, the pah-wraiths have asked us to join them in their holy quest to reclaim the celestial temple.
to become warriors in this great battle, we must transform ourselves.
our corporeal bodies are not suitable for the task, so we must leave them behind.
in a few hours, at the beginning of a new day, we will gather together here for the last time.
as we embark on this journey, our hearts are not heavy, but joyful.
because we know we'll be together in the holy light of the pah-wraiths.
now they have to pick up the pieces and move on.
i thought dukat was claiming to share their faith because he wanted them to love him.
pat mustard, there are some very hairy babies around and i think you are the hairy baby maker!
well, i think you'd need proof if you're gonna make that sort of accusation and i'm a very careful man, father, a very careful man.
father dougal is propelling the milk float by exerting a small amount of pressure on the accelerator.
if we replace his foot with an object then we can safely remove him from the vehicle.
pat mustard, there are some very hairy babies around and i think you are the hairy baby maker!
well, i think you'd need proof if you're gonna make that sort of accusation and i'm a very careful man, father, a very careful man.
how about £2 each for these and a tenner for the rest?
i wasn't selling them, i was just showing you what one of your employees was up to.
father dougal is propelling the milk float by exerting a small amount of pressure on the accelerator.
if we replace his foot with an object then we can safely remove him from the vehicle.
pat mustard, there are some very hairy babies around and i think you are the hairy baby maker!
well, i think you'd need proof if you're gonna make that sort of accusation and i'm a very careful man, father, a very careful man.
father dougal is propelling the milk float by exerting a small amount of pressure on the accelerator.
if we replace his foot with an object then we can safely remove him from the vehicle.
ryukyu's ruler shoushi had it built in the year 1501, to deposit here the remains of his father, king shouen.
as you can see, the tomb is hewed into the stone and is protecded from the wind by panelling boards.
after that the queen's remains were put away into the east tomb, while the west tomb was for the princes and princesses.
together with the stone gate of the sugen temple these royal tombs are important relicts of the golden age of the ryukyu culture.
imagine you don't know anything about the whole plan or the accident.
when she got on the bus and became a participant on the accident, it was fate.
the slope on the left is the domain of medicinal cactuses.
the juice from the leaves helps healing burns and skin injuries.
after you're doing it for three years, it starts to feel normal.
we knew the crisis would come, but we weren't doing anything about it.
can you name me one reason for you to sit in front?
i'm taller and fatter, so i can't fit in the back.
i don't know what a woman can see, if she looks at her.
i do know that, with suck a face, she mustn't go out of her house.
i don't know why her face only did that to men.
or what a woman would see, if she looked at her.
'when you're in the seventh grade and you look like godzilla, 'you're gonna get the looks and you're gonna get the whispers.
'sometimes it seemed like the whole world 'had just seen me on america's most wanted. '
"who could read the stars and hold discourse with the fairy world.
"merlin knew the secrets of nature and the hearts of men.
if you want to make it to the eighth grade, that is.
if not, you can always go to one of those special schools and sit around with a bunch of kids who can't even say their own names.
"a sewer grate exerts an equal and opposite force on a fire escape."
now, all you have to do is descend... and retrieve the treasure.
he's been made fun of and called names his whole life.
if you've been made fun of your whole life, you find another place to live.
kevin stopped breathing long enough for unoxygenated blood to circulate, weakening some of the nerve tissue.
why don't you just tell me when i can take him home?
inside there is a laboratory called the experimental biogenetic intervention unit.
at some near future date, as yet undetermined, but likely within the next year, i will enter that lab.
king arthur wanted to improve his men so he made them armour-plated.
today we have biogenetics, the science of designing replacement parts for the human body.
see, this is only a temporary thing, just for one night.
tomorrow we're gonna get on the road, just you and me, the way it oughtta be.
'he just kept saying i should come out for gram's sake.
'sometimes she'd come down and say i should come out for grim's sake. '
'now, only this dumb writer 'could get writer's block on his last page.
'you see, i just didn't know how to end it. '
'when you're in the seventh grade and you look like godzilla, 'you're gonna get the looks and you're gonna get the whispers.
'sometimes it seemed like the whole world 'had just seen me on america's most wanted. '
(tramp) my friend in the guest bedroom, he doesn't like to be disturbed!
'the doghouse boys liked to make trouble any way they could. '
"a sewer grate exerts an equal and opposite force on a fire escape."
now, all you have to do is descend... and retrieve the treasure.
there's no millpond between you and me now, is there, big guy?
so tell the little freak man to give up the purse.
well, i'm not gonna let that be taken away from my boy.
oh, if you want to kill yourself in gym class, kevin dillon, don't expect me to cry for you.
kevin stopped breathing long enough for unoxygenated blood to circulate, weakening some of the nerve tissue.
why don't you just tell me when i can take him home?
- here do swear here do swear that i will tell no one.
inside there is a laboratory called the experimental biogenetic intervention unit.
at some near future date, as yet undetermined, but likely within the next year, i will enter that lab.
king arthur wanted to improve his men so he made them armour-plated.
'not gram and grim, or freak, or the stars in the sky.
'they're all just make-believe, 'this dream i was having for a long time.
all them letters i sent you, all them birthday presents and christmas presents,
i bet you never got a one of 'em, did you?
see, this is only a temporary thing, just for one night.
tomorrow we're gonna get on the road, just you and me, the way it oughtta be.
'he just kept saying i should come out for gram's sake.
'sometimes she'd come down and say i should come out for grim's sake. '
'now, only this dumb writer 'could get writer's block on his last page.
'you see, i just didn't know how to end it. '
'i saw a painting in a book once, it must be famous, 'this old dude and his wife standing in front of a farmhouse.
'this dude's holding a pitchfork and he looks like he never smiles.
'course, there's a good reason they look like that all the time - 'they got stuck with me. '
'when you're in the seventh grade and you look like godzilla, 'you're gonna get the looks and you're gonna get the whispers.
(tramp) my friend in the guest bedroom, he doesn't like to be disturbed!
'the doghouse boys liked to make trouble any way they could. '
' it's cool and dim in there and you float like a cloud. '
'now you are a cloud, 'the kind you see in the sky on a windy day.
'he didn't ask me but i know all he can see are feet and knees.
'and so i just sort of reached down without thinking. '
"if a fire escape exerts a force on a sewer grate...
"a sewer grate exerts an equal and opposite force on a fire escape."
there's no millpond between you and me now, is there, big guy?
so tell the little freak man to give up the purse.
well, i'm not gonna let that be taken away from my boy.
oh, if you want to kill yourself in gym class, kevin dillon, don't expect me to cry for you.
kevin stopped breathing long enough for unoxygenated blood to circulate, weakening some of the nerve tissue.
why don't you just tell me when i can take him home?
(max) 'the deal was, freak had to stay in the hospital for two weeks.
' it was the longest two weeks of my life. '
- here do swear here do swear that i will tell no one.
inside there is a laboratory called the experimental biogenetic intervention unit.
at some near future date, as yet undetermined, but likely within the next year, i will enter that lab.
king arthur wanted to improve his men so he made them armour-plated.
'not gram and grim, or freak, or the stars in the sky.
'they're all just make-believe, 'this dream i was having for a long time.
all them letters i sent you, all them birthday presents and christmas presents,
i bet you never got a one of 'em, did you?
see, this is only a temporary thing, just for one night.
tomorrow we're gonna get on the road, just you and me, the way it oughtta be.
'he just kept saying i should come out for gram's sake.
'sometimes she'd come down and say i should come out for grim's sake. '
'now, only this dumb writer 'could get writer's block on his last page.
'you see, i just didn't know how to end it. '
'when you're in the seventh grade and you look like godzilla, 'you're gonna get the looks and you're gonna get the whispers.
'sometimes it seemed like the whole world 'had just seen me on america's most wanted. '
(tramp) my friend in the guest bedroom, he doesn't like to be disturbed!
'the doghouse boys liked to make trouble any way they could. '
"a sewer grate exerts an equal and opposite force on a fire escape."
now, all you have to do is descend... and retrieve the treasure.
there's no millpond between you and me now, is there, big guy?
so tell the little freak man to give up the purse.
well, i'm not gonna let that be taken away from my boy.
oh, if you want to kill yourself in gym class, kevin dillon, don't expect me to cry for you.
kevin stopped breathing long enough for unoxygenated blood to circulate, weakening some of the nerve tissue.
why don't you just tell me when i can take him home?
- here do swear here do swear that i will tell no one.
inside there is a laboratory called the experimental biogenetic intervention unit.
at some near future date, as yet undetermined, but likely within the next year, i will enter that lab.
king arthur wanted to improve his men so he made them armour-plated.
'not gram and grim, or freak, or the stars in the sky.
'they're all just make-believe, 'this dream i was having for a long time.
all them letters i sent you, all them birthday presents and christmas presents,
i bet you never got a one of 'em, did you?
see, this is only a temporary thing, just for one night.
tomorrow we're gonna get on the road, just you and me, the way it oughtta be.
'he just kept saying i should come out for gram's sake.
'sometimes she'd come down and say i should come out for grim's sake. '
'now, only this dumb writer 'could get writer's block on his last page.
'you see, i just didn't know how to end it. '
'when you're in the seventh grade and you look like godzilla, 'you're gonna get the looks and you're gonna get the whispers.
'sometimes it seemed like the whole world 'had just seen me on america's most wanted. '
"who could read the stars and hold discourse with the fairy world.
"merlin knew the secrets of nature and the hearts of men.
if you want to make it to the eighth grade, that is.
if not, you can always go to one of those special schools and sit around with a bunch of kids who can't even say their own names.
"a sewer grate exerts an equal and opposite force on a fire escape."
now, all you have to do is descend... and retrieve the treasure.
he's been made fun of and called names his whole life.
if you've been made fun of your whole life, you find another place to live.
kevin stopped breathing long enough for unoxygenated blood to circulate, weakening some of the nerve tissue.
why don't you just tell me when i can take him home?
inside there is a laboratory called the experimental biogenetic intervention unit.
at some near future date, as yet undetermined, but likely within the next year, i will enter that lab.
king arthur wanted to improve his men so he made them armour-plated.
today we have biogenetics, the science of designing replacement parts for the human body.
see, this is only a temporary thing, just for one night.
tomorrow we're gonna get on the road, just you and me, the way it oughtta be.
'he just kept saying i should come out for gram's sake.
'sometimes she'd come down and say i should come out for grim's sake. '
'now, only this dumb writer 'could get writer's block on his last page.
'you see, i just didn't know how to end it. '
"and we will fight for all those who ask for help."
"we will be gentle to the weak but terrible to the wicked."
'i saw a painting in a book once, it must be famous, 'this old dude and his wife standing in front of a farmhouse.
'this dude's holding a pitchfork and he looks like he never smiles.
# killer kane, killer kane, had a son who got no brain... #
[echoing] # killer kane, killer kane, had a son who got no brain
"who could read the stars and hold discourse with the fairy world.
"merlin knew the secrets of nature and the hearts of men.
if you want to make it to the eighth grade, that is.
if not, you can always go to one of those special schools and sit around with a bunch of kids who can't even say their own names.
# walking this high road are warriors from an olden time
# a curse on this land and the days far behind us
"if a fire escape exerts a force on a sewer grate... a sewer grate exerts an equal and opposite force on a fire escape."
now, all you have to do is descend... and retrieve the treasure.
there's no millpond between you and me now, is there, big guy?
so tell the little freak man to give up the purse.
well, i'm not gonna let that be taken away from my boy.
oh, if you want to kill yourself in gym class, kevin dillon, don't expect me to cry for you.
i think i can say that his, uh... his bone growth has ceased while his internal organs are continuing their natural growth.
i... am not a counsellor, mrs dillon, this is very hard for me to say.
inside there is a laboratory called the experimental biogenetic intervention unit.
a some near future date, as yet undetermined, but likely within the next year, i will enter that lab.
king arthur wanted to improve his men so he made them armour-plated.
today we have bio-genetics, the science of designing replacement parts for the human body.
see, this is only a temporary thing, just for one night.
tomorrow we're gonna get on the road, just you and me, the way it oughtta be.
'it's cool and dim in there and you float like a cloud.
'now you are a cloud, 'the kind you see in the sky on a windy day.
'i stayed in the down under for days and days 'and kept the door closed.
'which is why i missed the funeral and kevin's mom moving away.
'..that when someone so great once was... 'then someone so great will always be.
'and by the time we get here, which i guess should be the end, 'you're gonna know the story of freak the mighty, 'who slayed dragons, saved maidens 'and walked high above the world.'
i would think people would talk about it at the coffee machines.
well, it's probably just easier to say water-cooler show than coffee-machine show.
she's a seductress, she's a siren, she's a virgin she's a whore.
and my agent said as a bonus i can use their private jet.
i'm speaking of the controversial good samaritan trial that gets underway thursday in latham, massachusetts.
now, before we meet our panel, let's go to latham live where jane wells is standing by.
there also seems to be some friction between mr. seinfeld and ms. benes.
the rumor is that they once dated, and it's possible that ended badly.
ladies and gentlemen, last year our city council by a vote of 1 2-to-2, passed a good samaritan law.
now, essentially, we made it a crime to ignore a fellow human being in trouble.
now, this group from new york not only ignored, but as we will prove they actually mocked the victim as he was being robbed at gunpoint.
i can guarantee you one other thing, ladies and gentlemen this is not the first time they have behaved in this manner.
it is imperative that we establish this is not merely an isolated incident.
it's part of a pattern of antisocial behavior that's been going on for years.
i dated mr. seinfeld for several weeks in the autumn of 1 992.
then on october 28th, there was an abrupt end to that relationship.
would you please tell the court about the incident that occurred in your house, october 7th, 1 992?
well, jerry seinfeld was supposed to come to my house but his friend costanza showed up instead.
arguments in the good samaritan trial ended today the jury has been in deliberation for four and a half hours now.
let's go live to jane wells, who is in latham, massachusetts covering this trial for us.
but i must tell you, geraldo this courtroom and everyone who's attended this trial is still reeling from the endless parade of witnesses who've come forth so enthusiastically to testify against these four seemingly ordinary people.
one had the feeling that if judge vandelay didn't put a stop to it it could have gone on for months.
i do not know how or under what circumstances the four of you found each other.
but your callous indifference and utter disregard for everything that is good and decent has rocked the very foundation upon which our society is built.
i would think people would talk about it at the coffee machines.
well, it's probably just easier to say water-cooler show than coffee-machine show.
she's a seductress, she's a siren, she's a virgin she's a whore.
and my agent said as a bonus i can use their private jet.
i'm speaking of the controversial good samaritan trial that gets underway thursday in latham, massachusetts.
now, before we meet our panel, let's go to latham live where jane wells is standing by.
there also seems to be some friction between mr. seinfeld and ms. benes.
the rumor is that they once dated, and it's possible that ended badly.
ladies and gentlemen, last year our city council by a vote of 12-to-2, passed a good samaritan law.
now, essentially, we made it a crime to ignore a fellow human being in trouble.
now, this group from new york not only ignored, but as we will prove they actually mocked the victim as he was being robbed at gunpoint.
i can guarantee you one other thing, ladies and gentlemen this is not the first time they have behaved in this manner.
it is imperative that we establish this is not merely an isolated incident.
it's part of a pattern of antisocial behavior that's been going on for years.
i dated mr. seinfeld for several weeks in the autumn of 1992.
then on october 28th, there was an abrupt end to that relationship.
would you please tell the court about the incident that occurred in your house, october 7th, 1992?
well, jerry seinfeld was supposed to come to my house but his friend costanza showed up instead.
arguments in the good samaritan trial ended today the jury has been in deliberation for four and a half hours now.
let's go live to jane wells, who is in latham, massachusetts covering this trial for us.
but i must tell you, geraldo this courtroom and everyone who's attended this trial is still reeling from the endless parade of witnesses who've come forth so enthusiastically to testify against these four seemingly ordinary people.
one had the feeling that if judge vandelay didn't put a stop to it it could have gone on for months.
i do not know how or under what circumstances the four of you found each other.
but your callous indifference and utter disregard for everything that is good and decent has rocked the very foundation upon which our society is built.
"i don't want to take up any of my important time in my home, so i'll just get it out of the way on the street."
and the street cellphone call is the lowest phone call you can make.
because the next day in the offices, people gather around the water coolers to talk about it, right?
see, i think people would talk about it at the coffee machines.
she's a seductress, she's a siren, she's a virgin, she's a whore.
and my agent said, as a bonus i can use their private jet.
i'm just going to call jill one more time before we go.
wait, you can't make a call like that on your way out.
when an evil wind will blow through your little playworld and wipe that smug smile off your face.
and i'll be there, in all my glory, watching - watching as it all comes crumbling down.
it's not safe to be jumping up and down on a plane.
i got to get it out, i can't take this anymore.
now we got to do whatever it takes to win it, no matter what the cost.
the big issue in this trial is going to be character.
i would think people would talk about it at the coffee machines.
well, it's probably just easier to say water-cooler show than coffee-machine show.
she's a seductress, she's a siren, she's a virgin she's a whore.
and my agent said as a bonus i can use their private jet.
i'm speaking of the controversial good samaritan trial that gets underway thursday in latham, massachusetts.
now, before we meet our panel, let's go to latham live where jane wells is standing by.
there also seems to be some friction between mr. seinfeld and ms. benes.
the rumor is that they once dated, and it's possible that ended badly.
ladies and gentlemen, last year our city council by a vote of 12-to-2, passed a good samaritan law.
now, essentially, we made it a crime to ignore a fellow human being in trouble.
now, this group from new york not only ignored, but as we will prove they actually mocked the victim as he was being robbed at gunpoint.
i can guarantee you one other thing, ladies and gentlemen this is not the first time they have behaved in this manner.
it is imperative that we establish this is not merely an isolated incident.
it's part of a pattern of antisocial behavior that's been going on for years.
i dated mr. seinfeld for several weeks in the autumn of 1992.
then on october 28th, there was an abrupt end to that relationship.
would you please tell the court about the incident that occurred in your house, october 7th, 1992?
well, jerry seinfeld was supposed to come to my house but his friend costanza showed up instead.
arguments in the good samaritan trial ended today the jury has been in deliberation for four and a half hours now.
let's go live to jane wells, who is in latham, massachusetts covering this trial for us.
but i must tell you, geraldo this courtroom and everyone who's attended this trial is still reeling from the endless parade of witnesses who've come forth so enthusiastically to testify against these four seemingly ordinary people.
one had the feeling that if judge vandelay didn't put a stop to it it could have gone on for months.
i do not know how or under what circumstances the four of you found each other.
but your callous indifference and utter disregard for everything that is good and decent has rocked the very foundation upon which our society is built.
i am speaking of course of the controversial good samaritan trial that gets underway thursday in latham, massachusetts.
now before we meet our distinguished panel, let's go to latham live, where jane wells is standing by.
the rumor is that they once dated, and it's possible that ended badly.
well, ladies and gentlemen, who knows, maybe this trial will bring them closer together.
ladies and gentlemen, last year, our city council, by a vote of 12:2, passed a good samaritan law.
now, essentially, we made it a crime to ignore a fellow human being in trouble.
now this group from new york not only ignored, but, as we will prove, they actually mocked the victim as he was being robbed at gunpoint.
i can guarantee you one other thing, ladies and gentlemen, this is not the first time they have behaved in this manner.
your honor, the prosecution has gone to great lengths and considerable cost to find these character witnesses.
it is imperative that we establish this is not merely an isolated incident.
well, i was in snitzer's bakery when i got accosted by that man.
let the record show that she is pointing at mr. seinfeld.
at the time, i was employed as a security guard in the parking garage at the garden valley shopping mall.
why would i do it unless i was in mortal danger?
i wonder if they're having any trouble controlling themselves during this trial?
perhaps these two hooligans would like to have a pee party right here in the courtroom!
so george costanza came to work for you in may of 1994?
yes, that's right, he was good kid - a lovely boy.
the jury has been in deliberation for four and a half hours now.
let's go live to jane wells who is in latham, massachusetts covering this trial for us.
but i must tell you, geraldo, this courtroom and everyone who has attended this trial is still reeling from the endless parade of witnesses who have come forth so enthusiastically to testify against these four seemingly ordinary people.
one even had the feeling that if judge vandelay didn't finally put a stop to it, it could've gone on for months.
and that bizarre contest certainly didn't sit well with this small town jury.
there's the woman they sold the defective wheelchair to, the deported pakistani restaurateur.
has rocked the very foundation upon which our society is built.
i can think of nothing more fitting than for the four of you to spend a year removed from society
i mean when i was a kid, my mother wanted me to play in the yard.
but of course she didn't have to worry about my next door neighbor tommy sticking a shiv in my thigh.
i would think people would talk about it at the coffee machines.
well, it's probably just easier to say water- cooler show than coffee- machine show.
she's a seductress, she's a siren, she's a virgin she's a whore.
and my agent said as a bonus i can use their private jet.
i'm speaking of the controversial good samaritan trial that gets underway thursday in latham, massachusetts.
now, before we meet our panel, let's go to latham live where jane wells is standing by.
there also seems to be some friction between mr. seinfeld and ms. benes.
the rumour is that they once dated, and it's possible that ended badly.
ladies and gentlemen, last year our city council by a vote of 12-to-2, passed a good samaritan law.
now, essentially, we made it a crime to ignore a fellow human being in trouble.
now, this group from new york not only ignored, but as we will prove they actually mocked the victim as he was being robbed at gunpoint.
i can guarantee you one other thing, ladies and gentlemen this is not the first time they have behaved in this manner.
it is imperative that we establish this is not merely an isolated incident.
it's part of a pattern of antisocial behaviour that's been going on for years.
i dated mr. seinfeld for several weeks in the autumn of 1992.
then on october 28th, there was an abrupt end to that relationship.
arguments in the good samaritan trial ended today the jury has been in deliberation for four and a half hours now.
let's go live to jane wells, who is in latham, massachusetts covering this trial for us.
but i must tell you, geraldo this courtroom and everyone who's attended this trial is still reeling from the endless parade of witnesses who've come forth so enthusiastically to testify against these four seemingly ordinary people.
one had the feeling that if judge vandelay didn't put a stop to it it could have gone on for months.
i do not know how or under what circumstances the four of you found each other.
but your callous indifference and utter disregard for everything that is good and decent has rocked the very foundation upon which our society is built.
okay, we can brew up a syrup that'll make you hate the taste of pancakes.
you can take it with you to school and pour it on before you take that first bite.
why should you have to suffer and spend your whole life craving something you can't have?
if i stay here, i'll never see my aunts or my friends again.
along with replacing windows, we came from the basement where we put in furnace filters.
for maximum efficiently i recommend replace the filters every 30 days.
now, a board door is the most effective way to detect air leaks in your home.
by creating a vacuum inside the house, it pulls outside air through any cracks.
well, because i saw your reflection in the window because i was checking you out.
well, you had no business checking out a reflection in a married womars window.
i had no idea that this was gonna turn out this way.
all i wanted was for you not to fire another guy and for us to get our kitchen finished.
if i had a nickel for every married woman at the library who checked out my butt, i could pay everybody's overdue fines.
well, i wish that i could, you know, go ahead and be honest with him and tell him i was attracted to ian.
if king's body-guard has to beat the jackpot we have to show that we are with them!
king's body-guard loses to 1 animation 11 is pleasant, there now when we would mill albeit he was collecting to super.
i have to go to the school and to wash sport field out.
and and my main one wants himself with you to see.
them healthy very valuable as we will find us we will beat this white fortune.
they did for only 200 arts these ó³wików in caps the œw of nicolaus..
my idea is such tommy he would spend tenser for school mascot.
and he/she judges, that school spirit it will help him/it to build samoocenê.
this, this, you are not going this desire contained contract that you this he/she adjusts, me only story that walks on his/her future.
the question parents will cover with an awning him/it only his/her judgement.
dubcek threatens me that i will be that he had this to do the peaces, and he/she doesn't make this she probably walks on this harvesting gram.
without fears harry, the future we will win in renting for the whole year.
luminous you, didn't make this thinks probably, that we will stop this forever.
this, luminous, that this, i knew that on that day it would come.
great payment, we will fall we will sell, we will buy rustyburgera in area.
airplane of renting in western they would look coast to dawn.
i want this this to win well on top of because me.
listen you good we don't make this wants them to emit we needed high price.
do you take oath that this intervention that i am not for me?
because it supports in that won't be to take once inside.
and i don't make this counts on cholesterol, or the fat content, or on meat diseases, nor the problems that it summons the culinary art.
and i don't make this counts on salesperson of niemytymi hands after visit in bucket.
this would work a lot better for me if you didn't talk.
well, it'd work a lot better for me with the lights off.
- that was a rhetorical question, mr harris,... ..not a poll.
of course, for teenagers such as yourselves, these feelings are even more overwhelming.
a girl may seem spiffy, but if she ignores her flossing, the bloom is definitely off the rose.
like that compares to kissing a guy who thinks the hoover technique is a big turn-on!
among teens, unwanted pregnancy is the no.1 negative consequence of sexual activity.
so, as discussed last week, i present you with... your offspring.
and how come you're always askin' me so many stupid questions?
so, you wanna take him, or, uh... you want me to, lyle?
cos we got to keep a low profile till we get this slayer business taken care of.
well, how come angelus is gettin' all cuddly with her, lyle?
then trendoids start sporting them, so i'm totally not wearing it.
then i thought "hey, i'm the one who started this craze.
this would work a lot better for me if you didn't talk.
well, it'd work a lot better for me with the lights off.
of course, for teenagers such as yourselves, these feelings are even more overwhelming.
with all sorts of hormones surging through your bodies, compelling you to action, it's often difficult to remember that there are negative consequences to...
i mean, a girl may seem spiffy, but if she ignores her flossing, the bloom is definitely off the rose.
like that compares to kissing a guy who thinks the hoover technique is a big turn-on!
you and your partner will share equally in the daily task of raising your egg.
now, please choose a partner and come pick up your children.
and how come you're always askin' me so many stupid questions?
so, you wanna take him, or, uh... you want me to, lyle?
'cause we got to keep a low profile till we get this slayer business taken care of.
well, how come angelus is gettin' all cuddly with her, lyle?
- well, his body could fall out of a closet somewhere.
so we should check some closets to see if he's in... a closet?
maybe... someday in the future, when i'm done having a life.
but... right now, kids would be a little too much to deal with.
she wasn't feeling well today, so i was calling to make sure she was feeling better.
you're gonna have to do much better than that, young lady.
- hey, i'll have you know that my father brought this bear back from gstaad years ago.
then all of a sudden these trendoids everywhere started sporting them.
this would work a lot better for me if you didn't talk.
well, it'd work a lot better for me with the lights off.
- that was a rhetorical question, mr harris,... ..not a poll.
of course, for teenagers such as yourselves, these feelings are even more overwhelming.
a girl may seem spiffy, but if she ignores her flossing, the bloom is definitely off the rose.
like that compares to kissing a guy who thinks the hoover technique is a big turn-on!
among teens, unwanted pregnancy is the no.1 negative consequence of sexual activity.
so, as discussed last week, i present you with... your offspring.
and how come you're always askin' me so many stupid questions?
so, you wanna take him, or, uh... you want me to, lyle?
cos we got to keep a low profile till we get this slayer business taken care of.
well, how come angelus is gettin' all cuddly with her, lyle?
then trendoids start sporting them, so i'm totally not wearing it.
then i thought "hey, i'm the one who started this craze.
this would work a lot better for me if you didn't talk.
well, it'd work a lot better for me with the lights off.
- that was a rhetorical question, mr harris,... ..not a poll.
of course, for teenagers such as yourselves, these feelings are even more overwhelming.
a girl may seem spiffy, but if she ignores her flossing, the bloom is definitely off the rose.
like that compares to kissing a guy who thinks the hoover technique is a big turn-on!
among teens, unwanted pregnancy is the no.1 negative consequence of sexual activity.
so, as discussed last week, i present you with... your offspring.
and how come you're always askin' me so many stupid questions?
so, you wanna take him, or, uh... you want me to, lyle?
cos we got to keep a low profile till we get this slayer business taken care of.
well, how come angelus is gettin' all cuddly with her, lyle?
then trendoids start sporting them, so i'm totally not wearing it.
then i thought "hey, i'm the one who started this craze.
well, it'd work a lot better for me with the lights off.
are you saying that you can't look at me when we do... whatever it is we do?
of course, for teenagers such as yourselves, these feelings are even more overwhelming.
with all sorts of hormones surging through your bodies, compelling you to action... ..it's often difficult to remember that there are negative consequences to... having sex.
are you talking about sex in the car, or out of the car?
because i have a friend - not me - that was in a miata parked on top of the hill...
like that compares to kissing a guy who thinks the hoover technique is a big turn-on!
what about having to feign interest in her vapid chitchat just to get some touch?
so, as discussed last week, i present you with... your offspring.
you will split into parenting teams... ..sharing equally in the daily task of raising your egg.
but, erm... the good news is that they're not amongst the great thinkers of our time.
i doubt if they're up to much - just drawn here by the hellmouth's energy.
maybe someday in the future, when i'm done having a life.
but right now, kids would be a little too much to deal with.
hey, my father brought this bear back from gstaad years ago.
then trendoids start sporting them, so i'm totally not wearing it.
this would work a lot better for me if you didn't talk.
well, it'd work a lot better for me with the lights off.
- that was a rhetorical question, mr harris,... ..not a poll.
of course, for teenagers such as yourselves, these feelings are even more overwhelming.
a girl may seem spiffy, but if she ignores her flossing, the bloom is definitely off the rose.
like that compares to kissing a guy who thinks the hoover technique is a big turn-on!
among teens, unwanted pregnancy is the no.1 negative consequence of sexual activity.
so, as discussed last week, i present you with... your offspring.
and how come you're always askin' me so many stupid questions?
so, you wanna take him, or, uh... you want me to, lyle?
cos we got to keep a low profile till we get this slayer business taken care of.
well, how come angelus is gettin' all cuddly with her, lyle?
then trendoids start sporting them, so i'm totally not wearing it.
then i thought "hey, i'm the one who started this craze.
they were fun, smart... and they looked like they fell out of a j. crew catalog.
if their house wasn't right on the beach, i would have hated them.
panicked at the idea of spending another firm function labeled as a leper...
miranda had agreed to be fixed up on a blind date.
i met him for another movie... and i helped him pick out a top of the line cheese grater at williams-sonoma.
my buddies are giving me a big housewarming on the 12th.
on the east side... a pseudo-lesbian couple attended a right-wing republican dinner party.
on the west side, a trio of single gals... went to a single guy's housewarming party.
were sean's friends cold war conscientious objectors... or was it just that i was "figured out"?
my accountant says that it's best to go with low-risk stocks.
plus, he owns his own business, and he's got 300,000 in the bank.
we both slept with him, and he is great in bed.
last time i saw patience, she was shoving me on a bus.
when sean told us you and he were dating, we were so thrilled.
but i've been so lonely since i left home... and i wanted the feel of... a woman's touch on me.
i'm going into the bathroom now... and when i come out, you won't be here.
we're all basically the same... but somehow we wound up on different sides.
sure, it'd be great to have that one special person to walk home with... but sometimes there's nothing better... than meeting your single girlfriends for a night at the movies.
one of the best things about living in a city like new york is leaving it.
my friend, patience and her husband invited me to the hamptons for the weekend.
if their house wasn't right on the beach, i would've hated them.
so, he gets in the cab and he slides up next to me.
it is hot all the way from houston and west broadway to 72nd and madison.
hampton house guests are always required to sing for their supper.
panicked at the idea of spending another firm function labelled as a leper,
miranda had agreed to be fixed up on a blind date.
married people don't hate singles, they just want us "figured out".
i felt it was time to stop all this speculation and infiltrate the enemy camp.
then there are the other times, like family functions when they sit you at the kid's table.
or when you two eat off the same fork, i just...
last time i saw patience she was shoving me on a bus.
when sean told us you and he were dating, we were so thrilled.
she was looking to add a lesbian couple to our circle.
as they left, miranda considered how much easier life would be if she were in a couple, any couple.
she got samantha upstairs and safely to bed, or so she thought.
a couple of hours later, samantha woke up still drunk and still single.
maybe the fight between marrieds and singles is like the war in northern ireland.
we're all basically the same, but somehow we wound up on different sides.
sure, it'd be great to have that one special person to walk home with, but sometimes there's nothing better than meeting your single girlfriends for a night at the movies.
one of the best things about living in a city like new york... is leaving it.
they were fun, smart... and they looked like they fell out of a j. crew catalog.
if their house wasn't right on the beach, i would have hated them.
they had a good laugh and decided to stay and play ball.
miranda and syd's last-inning double play got the attention of everyone... even the firm's senior partner.
later that night, miranda gave me the lowdown on her day.
so you think it's just because they think you're in a couple?
like family functions when you're the only one that's not married... and they sit you at the kid's table.
or when you two eat off the same fork, i just--
it was then i realized i was having coffee with the marrying guy.
that elusive and rare manhattan man whose sights were set on marriage.
over the next week and a half, i met sean for a movie...
i met him for another movie... and i helped him pick out a top of the line cheese grater at williams-sonoma.
we're all basically the same... but somehow we wound up on different sides.
sure, it'd be great to have that one special person to walk home with... but sometimes there's nothing better... than meeting your single girlfriends for a night at the movies.
one of the best things about living in a city like new york... is leaving it.
my friend patience and her husband... invited me to the hamptons for the weekend.
if their house wasn't right on the beach, i would have hated them.
so he gets in the cab and slides up next to me.
panicked at the idea of spending another firm function labeled as a leper...
miranda had agreed to be fixed up on a blind date.
i met him for another movie... and i helped him pick out a top of the line cheese grater at williams-sonoma.
my buddies are giving me a big housewarming on the 12th.
on the east side... a pseudo-lesbian couple attended a right-wing republican dinner party.
on the west side, a trio of single gals... went to a single guy's housewarming party.
were sean's friends cold war conscientious objectors... or was it just that i was "figured out"?
my accountant says that it's best to go with low-risk stocks.
plus, he owns his own business, and he's got 300,000 in the bank.
we both slept with him, and he is great in bed.
last time i saw patience, she was shoving me on a bus.
when sean told us you and he were dating, we were so thrilled.
but i've been so lonely since i left home... and i wanted the feel of... a woman's touch on me.
i'm going into the bathroom now... and when i come out, you won't be here.
maybe the fight between marrieds and singles... is like the war in northern lreland.
we're all basically the same... but somehow we wound up on different sides.
some thought that could mean a german finger on nato's nuclear trigger.
german rearmament brought back nightmares for many europeans, above all for the russians.
it accepted that the soviet army, stationed on gdr territory, also should arm itself with tactical nuclear weapons."
berlin, deep in east german territory, was under the joint occupation of the former wartime allies.
each day thousands moved freely between the soviet and western sectors.
berlin's open border gave east germans access to the glittering west which soviet and east german leaders wanted to end.
"west berlin was becoming increasingly dangerous to the existence of the gdr and to the existence of socialism.
khrushchev proposed to create a free city of berlin with special rights of its own.
with its own foreign policy, its own police and its own symbolic foreign forces."
"khrushchev thought that some pressures should be put on the americans and the obvious place was west berlin so that this was a sort of shock therapy on the part of khrushchev, i would say."
his view was that if there were to be actual conflict between the united states and the soviet union it would move quickly to large scale, all-out conflict where everything would be drawn into it.
and that was the... that was the danger, that was the risk."
american secretary of state john foster dulles, seeking common ground for a bargain over berlin, consulted america's allies.
but talks between the west and the soviet union led nowhere.
"the attempt to find a compromise with the soviets was where we began to get into serious trouble, because any concessions that you made to the soviets from the western side would be an an erosion of the western position there
and the soviets themselves were committed to a situation in berlin that the allies could not tolerate, so you were already...
i mean there was no possible outcome, negotiated outcome that was possible."
but the talks persuaded khrushchev to shelve his berlin ultimatum and head west.
in september 1959, nikita sergeyevich khrushchev became the first soviet leader to visit america.
"khrushchev got what he wanted, which was a visit to the united states and treatment as an equal and an exchange with eisenhower, which gave him,
i think, a fair idea that probably if he continued without too much provocative actions on the ground he could get more and more out of the western side."
in talks with eisenhower, a new spirit of cooperation eased the crisis.
but khrushchev's hopes for a cold war truce only lasted six months.
on the eve of a grand peacemaking summit in paris, an american u-2 spy plane was shot down in soviet airspace.
obediently, east germany copied the soviet model, down to thought control of its people.
east germany, its leaders claimed, was succeeding through sheer will power.
but in spite of hard work and enthusiasm, only soviet support kept the economy going.
east germany could not compete with the swelling prosperity of the west.
the people in the east looked toward the west with what i might say longing.
they would have liked to have the same comforts, the same goods, the same chances, and they saw in what was called socialism at the time, a system that demanded of them sacrifices, with nothing but promises for the future
and as long as the borders were open it was relatively easy to get there.
all you had to do was board a subway and you were in another world.
but their departure was bleeding the east german economy to death.
"a foreman in a plant in the east wouldn't know how many workers he still would have the next day because part of his working force had left him, had left the east, had left the system in order to go over there.
"the idea of a separate peace treaty with the gdr was put forward mainly by ulbricht, who wanted to bind the gdr into fixed treaties and link it politically with other countries.
but khrushchev argued that a separate peace treaty would intensify the cold war."
he said, 'look here, already so many years passed and western countries do nothing about germany and the peace treaty and about specifically west berlin, so i'm going to press this issue very strongly in this meeting with the new president.'"
"what khrushchev kept saying was that we surround all those troops you have in west berlin and we could take west berlin any time we want to.
so the president was very anxious to find a middle course.
in july, kennedy asked congress for extra defense funds and called reservists to arms.
"the source of world trouble and tension is moscow, not berlin.
and if war begins, it will have begun in moscow, and not berlin.
"it would be a mistake for others to look upon berlin, because of its location, as a tempting target.
the united states is there, the united kingdom and france are there, the pledge of nato is there, and the people of berlin are there.
"so he made it very clear that he is going to defend the status of west berlin and the presence of their troops there.
but when he mentioned this one, we noticed one thing, that in his speech he mentioned that the line between west and east berlin are a line of freedom and he didn't say anything about the freedom of
as the berlin crisis darkened, the flow of refugees became a torrent.
fear rose that east germany might collapse, pitching nato and soviet forces into conflict.
promises which had been made in 1958, '59, '60 and again in 1961.
ulbricht said that all these promises did was to stimulate the population drain.
"the national people's army, the people's police, the customs state security, the transport authority were all brought together in the berlin area.
they were put under strict observation and they were not allowed to telephone their families.
on august the 12th, soviet and east german forces were mobilized.
"at 23 hours we were given our orders and told that at 24 hours the border with west berlin would be closed by military force.
on the morning of sunday august 13th, berliners woke to find a divided city.
teams of workers under armed guard started erecting a barbed wire barrier through the center.
"khrushchev preparing for this event will have done everything to minimize, or rather to prevent any military conflict between us and the united states and western countries.
specifically, ulbricht was told by khrushchev two days before this was happening, that he, ulbricht, would build this wall but he should not infringe even an inch of american and western rights.
my sister, that summer, had stayed with my aunt just outside of east berlin.
so we all took the s-bahn and it was an absolute chaos.
"a pitiful old woman timidly walked up the three stairs to one of these trapos and said, 'when is the next train to west berlin,' because all these people hadn't heard.
the first news was at midnight over the east berlin radio and these people came to the station thinking they could go to west berlin.
and i'll never forget the sneering tone in which this trapos said to her,
'none of that anymore, grandma, you're all sitting in a mousetrap now.'"
it was almost 12 hours before it really registered that this was going to be a total sealing of the inner sector borders.
nobody was quite sure what to do about the subject, what exactly was the scope of it.
the focus of all of the planners had been on the threat the possible necessity of having to take military action to block a soviet move on berlin.
and here suddenly everybody was relieved to find out that the soviets had found a way to resolve their problem with the refugees in a way that did not affect allied rights."
for the allies, the closed border stabilized the tense berlin situation.
it was ordinary berliners, and their families, who paid the price.
an american troop convoy was sent to berlin up the autobahn across east germany.
the plan was to test east german reaction, and to reaffirm allied access rights to berlin.
"he wants you to know that the pledge he has given to the freedom of west berlin and to the rights of western access to berlin is firm."
in the east people risked death to flee through the last chinks in the barrier.
helping people escape became a routine assignment for west berlin's fire brigade.
"it became the custom that people who wanted to escape, people who wanted to leave, would throw little pieces of paper out of the windows into bernauer strasse.
the number of the building, the floor, the window 2nd or 3rd window was written on it, and the time, for example 10 o'clock, that they wanted to jump."
"here are perhaps the most dramatic scenes ever to come out of berlin.
ossing belongings from the window of an apartment overlooking the western border and freedom, an escapee is prepared to jump to safety into a net held by police and firemen of west berlin.
now then here is a rescue episode that is even more extraordinary.
an attempt is being made by sympathetic germans to ensure the escape of a brave woman.
while communist police try to pull her back through the window, below there is freedom's grip.
ulbricht drew a veil of silence over the economic problems, they talked always of the anti-fascist barrier, that's how it was officially described, the protective bulwark."
"they did it as a necessity and i thought, 'what kind of system is it
that can only exist by keeping... by keeping them with force in their own bailiwick.'
and the wall was the actual symbol of a defeat, of inferiority."
'i learned early in the game of dealing with the russians.
if... the russians understand one thing and that's force, that's strength.
you must never negotiate or deal with the russians without having a position of strength.'"
to underline his point, clay moved tanks up to the checkpoint.
"the dead seriousness of it became more intense with each hour.
the western forces went on alert, strategic air command went on alert,
nato went on alert, troops were being cranked up around the world
and one never knew if the intensity of the situation in berlin escalated, where would be the next sore point."
"khrushchev ordered the commander of soviet troops in germany that if the west used force, they should respond with force.
"i had a phone by one ear receiving information from soviet military headquarters in germany.
"president kennedy had sent a message to khrushchev through a new private channel that had been established only a month earlier, for a back channel between the white house and khrushchev.
and that president kennedy had asked khrushchev to take the first move."
the police there were standing on their side not doing anything and this young man was huddled.
i remember he was lying like an s shape and first he screamed, he cried, he shouted for help and as the hours went on his voice got weaker and weaker.
you were just standing there and you thought he is just dying and you can't do anything.
i mean i've never been in that situation before, neither after, where you actually see a person dying and you can't do anything.
when all are free, and we can look forward to that day, when this city will be joined as one and this country.
and this great continent of europe in a peaceful and hopeful globe.
when that day finally comes, as it will, the people of west berlin can take sober satisfaction in the fact that they were in the front lines for almost two decades.
all free men, wherever they may live, are citizens of berlin and therefore as a free man
you see, i was like the only parent in the group and i felt i was embarrassing josh so i ducked down.
well, as long as he's with the tigers, i'm sure he's fine.
they've taken our children hostage and are threatening to kill them if we offer any resistance.
therefore, i hereby order you not to actively resist until we can resolve this situation.
well, the first thing we have to do is notify someone outside this ship what's going on.
but if they've blown up the comm centre, we can't do that.
unfortunately, there's nothing up there big enough for me to crawl through.
i'll bet i could climb through one of those air vents.
first of all, commander, the turbines are three decks down and that way.
and second, you're a naval aviator who according to his collar insignia, is now serving as a jag lawyer.
now, i've been assured the missiles will be destroyed before they even reach cuban territorial waters.
with all due respect, you are signing those children's death warrants.
if you waved right now, their long-range cameras would probably see it.
getting several clusters of hot spots on the aft helicopter deck.
the good news is i can't think of anyone other than harm that i'd rather have with josh at the moment.
without harm, josh wouldn't be where he is at the moment.
and unless god's smiling on us, it could end that way.
i know because of my past behaviour that i'm considered to be somewhat of an hysteric.
i hope, for the children's sake, that you're telling the truth.
hey, if i'd gotten through on my cell phone, someone would be here already to stop whatever it is you're planning.
i'm the only chance you have to get out of here alive.
i can't believe your government will let the children die to save castro.
i thought maybe it was kind of like staying out past curfew.
but also, i didn't want josh to be afraid of the life.
his sphere of influence is expanding so rapidly that soon he'll be untouchable.
from this point on... either we destroy section, or section destroys us.
thousands of them... based on the assessments of brilliant people... who devote their lives to this.
without hussein, the groups he sponsors would splinter and multiply like viruses.
by year six... a nuclear incident takes place in the middle east.
by year eight, three more detonations occur throughout the world... two million people dead directly, 20 million indirectly.
his sphere of influence is expanding so rapidly that soon he'll be untouchable.
from this point on... either we destroy section, or section destroys us.
thousands of them... based on the assessments of brilliant people... who devote their lives to this.
without hussein, the groups he sponsors would splinter and multiply like viruses.
by year six... a nuclear incident takes place in the middle east.
by year eight, three more detonations occur throughout the world... two million people dead directly, 20 million indirectly.
did your husband belong to any social clubs, like the sons of the confederacy, anything like that?
i'm sorry if all the history in this room has made you uncomfortable, but history is all that it is.
come on, you think martin ridenour is some kind of grand kleagle?
mild-mannered executive by day, but after dark, he's riding with a sheet on his head?
the other bidders were madison avenue firms up in new york.
within this firm, a couple of junior partners would have liked the accounts, but martin's presentation was really top-flight.
can you give us the names of some of these losers?
sure, but in the advertising business, clients jump ship all the time.
sales of a tooth whitener drop by 1%, and the corporate monkeys jump all over blaming the ad campaign.
sales go up 0.5%, they're throwin' bonus money at the same ad agency.
what's more, he was whipped ante mortem before he was hanged.
he had his shirt off, then after the lashing, he was allowed to redress.
if he were black and this were 1948, i'd call it a lynching.
yeah, but he's white, so what the hell do we call it?
orchard street was one of many stops on the highway to freedom.
'this church, built in 1837 by enslaved and free blacks, 'was operating a year before frederick douglass made his famous escape 'from the president street station.'
for any detective, the shortest distance between two points is a straight line, but for lewis, he has to take us back into the last century.
giggle all you want, but i'm telling you, gee, there's somethin' to this.
you want a motive, look in your victim's life, not history books.
i got a victim who was whupped and then hung, or should i say whipped and lynched, not half a block from the church that was used to shelter runaway slaves.
in her house, patty ridenour was one of the great bogeymen of childhood.
er... she was this lady bounty hunter, chasing' down runaway slaves.
'i tied him up and blindfolded him in the back of the van.
'when i pulled him out of the van, he didn't know where he was.
we had slavery for 400 years, and can't nobody think of nothin' to say.
black or white, as long as we got a memory of it, we ain't never gonna get past it.
the framework is in place for wanwood pharmaceuticals and the meredith corporation to become one.
we have the next seven days for fine-tuning, and i will, of course, be on hand to assist in that process.
i'm a stretcher bearer now, so i find myself in the thick of it.
we gave a good account of ourselves, though i lost a few good mates.
so, we got a bunch of woolly hats who were doing the wrong things for the right reason.
and the good dr david, who's about to cure cancer and make a few bob while he's at it.
i mean, home is just somewhere to rest your head, right?
oh, you know, one or two luxuries and i can survive.
lots of dull speeches and you got to buy a present.
now, with funerals, no one expects you to laugh and with a bit of luck, you come away better off than when you went.
then you won't mind telling me where i can find it.
our preliminary discussions with miss marvell suggested it was hidden near where she fell.
have you never... listened to other people's conversations on the bus... or on the tube, seen people, somebody on the street... that looks interesting or is behaving... slightly... oddly or something like that and wondered... what their lives involved, what they do... where they come from, where they go to?
you watch somebody's behavior, and it raises... a hundred thousand questions... and i wanted to ask those questions... and i wanted to know what the answers were.
- she'll find them in his trousers and ask him what he's been doing.
yeah, but why would you want to fuck up their relationship?
i feel bad about pulling the panty routine on that bloke.
she's gonna give him loads of shit, and she's the one fooling around.
he came around to my flat... with a couple of his associates... and...
i didn't really know what all this was about... until this other guy arrived... who apparently owed them some money.
they didn't like this very much, so they got a hammer.
they held him down, and they smashed every single one of his fingers.
i'm writing about burglaries, about a friend of mine... who breaks into people's houses.
that's why i asked you so many questions about your break-in.
i didn't tell you at the time 'cause i didn't want to upset you too much.
he's been breaking in, and i've been — i haven't stolen anything.
if we don't get caught, it's not gonna matter who it was we stole from... and we're not going to get caught.
if you get them, you won't look at the photos... and you won't even look in the envelope.
- the photos are in a safe, but i've got the combination.
well, if it's for a friend, where's the money in it?
just tell them what really happened, that you found her like that.
no, you wouldn't say that if you saw what i saw.
a crime that brutal — an old lady beaten to death.
if they even think it's me, they're gonna try and pin it on me, aren't they?
the police think he did something, and he didn't... so he needs a decoy, another likely suspect.
someone caught robbing a place using the same way he does it, his methods.
he was very precise about exactly how and where i should take care of things.
something about a bloodstained carpet... that you've got stashed away to back up your story... should it ever be told.
we also found a hammer with two types of blood on it.
one type i assume will match the bloke you put in hospital.
i assume so, since we found them stashed... with these passport-style photographs of the deceased.
we also found this pearl earring... which exactly matched... the one worn by the deceased at the time of her death.
and when it stopped being random, that's when it started to go wrong.
when i started... to follow people-- specific people, when i selected a person to follow,
have you never... listened to other people's conversations on the bus or on the tube?
seen somebody on the street that looks interesting or is behaving... slightly-- oddly or something like that?
wondered what their lives involved, what they do, where they come from, where they go to?
you watch somebody's behavior, and it raises a hundred thousand questions, and...
i wanted to ask those questions, and i wanted to know what the answers were, and so i'd follow people to try and find out.
most important rule was... that even if i found out where somebody worked or where they lived, then you'd never follow the same person twice.
- to tell you the truth, i thought you were this guy that i was at school with.
i saw you walk in here, so i followed you in just to see if it was him.
for the adrenalin, and because, like you, i'm interested in people.
yeah, you can tell a lot about people from their stuff.
like when they go back and buy all this stuff from the shelves with the insurance money, they'll have to think for the first time in a long time... why they wanted all this stuff, what it's for.
you take it away, and you show them what they had.
she'll find them in his trousers and ask him what he's been doing.
yeah, but why would you want to fuck up their relationship?
- why else would she be home in the middle of the afternoon?
no, you just can't plan for that kind of fucking shit.
he came around to my flat with a couple of his... associates, and...
i didn't really know what all this was about until this other guy arrived...
sometimes when i'm watching a flat i'll see that the owners are about to go on holiday.
i'll wait till they're gone, then move in for a week or two.
not that we've got anything to worry about... except for you making a fucking twat out of yourself.
i really hate it when i don't get to finish a good meal with a cup of coffee.
a new haircut, set of clothes, your mother won't even recognize you.
just because you broke into people's homes doesn't mean you need to look like a burglar.
i'm writing about burglaries-- about a friend of mine who breaks into people's houses.
that's why i asked you so many questions about your break-in.
any witness might put me close enough to the time of death.
- you just said that the witness didn't get a good look at you.
he said something about you being a witness... to an incident that happened in this very room.
he was very precise about exactly how and where i should take care of things.
we also found some interesting items in your flat in this shoe box under your bed.
among various items reported missing by the deceased last week, we found... these pairs of ladies' underwear.
the following is my explanation... well, more of an account... of what happened.
i'd been on my own for a while... and getting kind of lonely... and bored.
seen somebody on the street that looks interesting or is behaving... slightly... oddly or something like that?
wondered what their lives involved, what they do, where they come from, where they go to?
you watch somebody's behavior, and it raises a hundred thousand questions, and...
i wanted to ask those questions, and i wanted to know what the answers were, and so i'd follow people to try and find out.
to tell you the truth, i thought you were this guy that i was at school with.
i saw you walk in here, so i followed you in just to see if it was him.
for the adrenalin, and because, like you, i'm interested in people.
yeah, you can tell a lot about people from their stuff.
interrupting someone's life, making them see all the things they took for granted.
like when they go back and buy all this stuff from the shelves with the insurance money, they'll have to think for the first time in a long time... why they wanted all this stuff, what it's for.
i seem to remember i've had this before, and it was actually quite good.
you'd have had a bit of difficulty doing this with your gloves on.
i feel bad about pulling the panty routine on that bloke.
she's gonna give him loads of shit, and she's the one fooling around.
they never come around, and if they do, they'lljust think they've mixed up their keys.
or eventually, they'll break in and change the locks, but i'll be long gone by then.
he's gonna hang on to the stuff but pretend to sell it, give me some money.
you may even get most of it back if you're lucky.
i even got him to cut his hair and change his clothes.
so, does that mean you'll tell me where you hid my earring?
that's why i asked you so many questions about your break-in.
i didn't tell you at the time 'cause i didn't wanna upset you too much.
he said something about you being a witness... to an incident that happened in this very room.
he was very precise about exactly how and where i should take care of things.
we also found some interesting items in your flat in this shoe box under your bed.
among various items reported missing by the deceased last week, we found... these pairs of ladies' underwear.
and when it stopped being random... that's when it started to go wrong.
when i started to follow people... specific people, when i selected... a person to follow... that was when the trouble started.
okay, to tell you the truth, i thought you were this guy... that i was at school with.
i saw you walk in here, so i followed you in just to see if it was him.
that's what it's all about -- interrupting someone's life... making them see all the things they took for granted.
like when they go back and buy all this stuff from the shelves... with the insurance money, they'll have to think... for the first time in a long time... why they wanted all this stuff, what it's for.
i seem to remember i've had this before, and it was actually quite good.
you'd have had a bit of difficulty doing this with your gloves on.
i feel bad about pulling the panty routine on that bloke.
she's gonna give him loads of shit, and she's the one fooling around.
he came around to my flat... with a couple of his associates... and...
i didn't really know what all this was about... until this other guy arrived... who apparently owed them some money.
they didn't like this very much, so they got a hammer.
they held him down, and they smashed every single one of his fingers.
sometimes when i'm watching a flat, i'll see that the owners... are about to go on holiday.
i'll wait till they're gone, then move in for a week or two.
not that we've got anything to worry about... except for you making a fucking twat out of yourself.
i really hate it when i don't get to finish a good meal with a cup of coffee.
he's gonna hang on to the stuff, pretend to sell it, give me some money.
you may even get most of it back, if you're lucky.
i even got him to cut his hair and change his clothes.
so does that mean you'll tell me where you hid my earring?
that's why i asked you so many questions about your break-in.
i didn't tell you at the time 'cause i didn't want to upset you too much.
i wanted to give some of her stuff back to her, but i thought that would mean --
you thought that would mean telling her that you fucking robbed her!
all we need is someone of roughly the same appearance... roughly the same way of working, and we should be fine.
just tell them what really happened, that you found her like that.
any witness might put me there close enough to the time of death.
you just said the witness didn't get a good look at you.
he said something about you being a witness... to an incident that happened in this very room.
he was very precise about exactly how and where i should take care of things.
we also found some interesting items in your flat... in this shoebox under your bed.
among various items reported missing by the deceased last week, we found... these pairs of ladies' underwear.
he's just returned from holiday... and he told us that while he was away, his flat had been burgled.
not much was missing... but his new credit card hasn't yet arrived.
[ man ] the following is my explanation-- well, more of an account... of what happened.
i'd been on my own for a while... and getting kind of lonely... and bored.
and when it stopped being random, that's when it started to go wrong.
when i started... to follow people-- specific people, when i selected a person to follow,
have you never... listened to other people's conversations on the bus or on the tube?
seen somebody on the street that looks interesting or is behaving... slightly-- oddly or something like that?
i wanted to ask those questions, and i wanted to know what the answers were, and so i'd follow people to try and find out.
most important rule was... that even if i found out where somebody worked or where they lived, then you'd never follow the same person twice.
that's what it's all about-- interrupting someone's life, making them see all the things they took for granted.
like when they go back and buy all this stuff from the shelves with the insurance money, they'll have to think for the first time in a long time... why they wanted all this stuff, what it's for.
i seem to remember i've had this before, and it was actually quite good.
you'd have had a bit of difficulty doing this with your gloves on.
- why else would she be home in the middle of the afternoon?
no, you just can't plan for that kind of fucking shit.
not that we've got anything to worry about... except for you making a fucking twat out of yourself.
i really hate it when i don't get to finish a good meal with a cup of coffee.
a new haircut, set of clothes, your mother won't even recognize you.
just because you broke into people's homes doesn't mean you need to look like a burglar.
he's gonna hang on to the stuff but pretend to sell it, give me some money.
- you may even get most of it back if you're lucky.
i'm writing about burglaries-- about a friend of mine who breaks into people's houses.
that's why i asked you so many questions about your break-in.
any witness might put me close enough to the time of death.
- you just said that the witness didn't get a good look at you.
he was very precise about exactly how and where i should take care of things.
something about a bloodstained carpet that you've got stashed away to back up your story, should it ever be told.
we also found some interesting items in your flat in this shoe box under your bed.
among various items reported missing by the deceased last week, we found... these pairs of ladies' underwear.
and when it stopped being random... that's when it started to go wrong.
when i started to follow people... specific people, when i selected... a person to follow... that was when the trouble started.
interrupting someone's life... making them see all the things they took for granted.
like when they go back and buy all this stuff from the shelves... with the insurance money, they'll have to think... for the first time in a long time... why they wanted all this stuff, what it's for.
i seem to remember i've had this before, and it was actually quite good.
you'd have had a bit of difficulty doing this with your gloves on.
why else would she be home... in the middle of the afternoon?
no, you just can't plan for that kind of fucking shit.
people who have jobs don't have this fucking shit in their homes.
he's either unemployed or is a student... which means he could be back any fucking second.
one other thing they did was they took one of my earrings.
the didn't take the pair, they just took one, just to really fuck me off.
he came around to my flat... with a couple of his associates... and...
i didn't really know what all this was about... until this other guy arrived... who apparently owed them some money.
not that we've got anything to worry about... except for you making a fucking twat out of yourself.
i really hate it when i don't get to finish a good meal with a cup of coffee.
i'm writing about burglaries, about a friend of mine... who breaks into people's houses.
that's why i asked you so many questions about your break-in.
if we don't get caught, it's not gonna matter who it was we stole from... and we're not going to get caught.
if you get them, you won't look at the photos... and you won't even look in the envelope.
- the photos are in a safe, but i've got the combination.
well, if it's for a friend, where's the money in it?
all we need is someone of roughly the same appearance... roughly the same way of working, and we should be fine.
just tell them what really happened, that you found her like that.
any witness might put me there close enough to the time of death.
you just said the witness didn't get a good look at you.
the police think he did something, and he didn't... so he needs a decoy, another likely suspect.
someone caught robbing a place using the same way he does it, his methods.
he was very precise about exactly how and where i should take care of things.
something about a bloodstained carpet... that you've got stashed away to back up your story... should it ever be told.
we also found some interesting items in your flat... in this shoebox under your bed.
among various items reported missing by the deceased last week, we found... these pairs of ladies' underwear.
he's just returned from holiday... and he told us that while he was away, his flat had been burgled.
not much was missing... but his new credit card hasn't yet arrived.
have you never... listened to other people's conversations on the bus... or on the tube, seen people, somebody on the street... that looks interesting or is behaving... slightly... oddly or something like that and wondered... what their lives involved, what they do... where they come from, where they go to?
you watch somebody's behavior, and it raises... a hundred thousand questions... and i wanted to ask those questions... and i wanted to know what the answers were.
- she'll find them in his trousers and ask him what he's been doing.
yeah, but why would you want to fuck up their relationship?
why else would she be home... in the middle of the afternoon?
no, you just can't plan for that kind of fucking shit.
people who have jobs don't have this fucking shit in their homes.
he's either unemployed or is a student... which means he could be back any fucking second.
one other thing they did was they took one of my earrings.
the didn't take the pair, they just took one, just to really fuck me off.
they never come around, and if they do, they'll just think they've mixed up their keys.
eventually they'll break in and change the locks, but i'll be long gone by then.
he came around to my flat... with a couple of his associates... and...
i didn't really know what all this was about... until this other guy arrived... who apparently owed them some money.
they didn't like this very much, so they got a hammer.
they held him down, and they smashed every single one of his fingers.
sometimes when i'm watching a flat, i'll see that the owners... are about to go on holiday.
i'll wait till they're gone, then move in for a week or two.
not that we've got anything to worry about... except for you making a fucking twat out of yourself.
i really hate it when i don't get to finish a good meal with a cup of coffee.
he's gonna hang on to the stuff, pretend to sell it, give me some money.
you may even get most of it back, if you're lucky.
i even got him to cut his hair and change his clothes.
so does that mean you'll tell me where you hid my earring?
that's why i asked you so many questions about your break-in.
i didn't tell you at the time 'cause i didn't want to upset you too much.
i wanted to give some of her stuff back to her, but i thought that would mean —
you thought that would mean telling her that you fucking robbed her!
all we need is someone of roughly the same appearance... roughly the same way of working, and we should be fine.
just tell them what really happened, that you found her like that.
any witness might put me there close enough to the time of death.
you just said the witness didn't get a good look at you.
the police think he did something, and he didn't... so he needs a decoy, another likely suspect.
someone caught robbing a place using the same way he does it, his methods.
he was very precise about exactly how and where i should take care of things.
something about a bloodstained carpet... that you've got stashed away to back up your story... should it ever be told.
we also found a hammer with two types of blood on it.
one type i assume will match the bloke you put in hospital.
i assume so, since we found them stashed... with these passport-style photographs of the deceased.
we also found this pearl earring... which exactly matched... the one worn by the deceased at the time of her death.
and when it stopped being random... that's when it started to go wrong.
when i started to follow people... specific people, when i selected... a person to follow... that was when the trouble started.
interrupting someone's life... making them see all the things they took for granted.
like when they go back and buy all this stuff from the shelves... with the insurance money, they'll have to think... for the first time in a long time... why they wanted all this stuff, what it's for.
i seem to remember i've had this before, and it was actually quite good.
you'd have had a bit of difficulty doing this with your gloves on.
i feel bad about pulling the panty routine on that bloke.
she's gonna give him loads of shit, and she's the one fooling around.
one other thing they did was they took one of my earrings.
the didn't take the pair, they just took one, just to really fuck me off.
he came around to my flat... with a couple of his associates... and...
i didn't really know what all this was about... until this other guy arrived... who apparently owed them some money.
they didn't like this very much, so they got a hammer.
they held him down, and they smashed every single one of his fingers.
sometimes when i'm watching a flat, i'll see that the owners... are about to go on holiday.
i'll wait till they're gone, then move in for a week or two.
not that we've got anything to worry about... except for you making a fucking twat out of yourself.
i really hate it when i don't get to finish a good meal with a cup of coffee.
he's gonna hang on to the stuff, pretend to sell it, give me some money.
you may even get most of it back, if you're lucky.
i even got him to cut his hair and change his clothes.
so does that mean you'll tell me where you hid my earring?
that's why i asked you so many questions about your break-in.
i didn't tell you at the time 'cause i didn't want to upset you too much.
i wanted to give some of her stuff back to her, but i thought that would mean...
you thought that would mean telling her that you fucking robbed her!
all we need is someone of roughly the same appearance... roughly the same way of working, and we should be fine.
just tell them what really happened, that you found her like that.
any witness might put me there close enough to the time of death.
you just said the witness didn't get a good look at you.
the police think he did something, and he didn't... so he needs a decoy, another likely suspect.
someone caught robbing a place using the same way he does it, his methods.
he was very precise about exactly how and where i should take care of things.
something about a bloodstained carpet... that you've got stashed away to back up your story... should it ever be told.
we also found a hammer with two types of blood on it.
one type i assume will match the bloke you put in hospital.
i assume so, since we found them stashed... with these passport-style photographs of the deceased.
we also found this pearl earring... which exactly matched... the one worn by the deceased at the time of her death.
seen somebody on the street that looks interesting or is behaving... slightly-- oddly or something like that?
wondered what their lives involved, what they do, where they come from, where they go to?
you watch somebody's behavior, and it raises a hundred thousand questions, and...
i wanted to ask those questions, and i wanted to know what the answers were, and so i'd follow people to try and find out.
- to tell you the truth, i thought you were this guy that i was at school with.
i saw you walk in here, so i followed you in just to see if it was him.
that's what it's all about-- interrupting someone's life, making them see all the things they took for granted.
like when they go back and buy all this stuff from the shelves with the insurance money, they'll have to think for the first time in a long time... why they wanted all this stuff, what it's for.
i seem to remember i've had this before, and it was actually quite good.
you'd have had a bit of difficulty doing this with your gloves on.
- why else would she be home in the middle of the afternoon?
no, you just can't plan for that kind of fucking shit.
not that we've got anything to worry about... except for you making a fucking twat out of yourself.
i really hate it when i don't get to finish a good meal with a cup of coffee.
a new haircut, set of clothes, your mother won't even recognize you.
just because you broke into people's homes doesn't mean you need to look like a burglar.
he's gonna hang on to the stuff but pretend to sell it, give me some money.
- you may even get most of it back if you're lucky.
i'm writing about burglaries-- about a friend of mine who breaks into people's houses.
that's why i asked you so many questions about your break-in.
any witness might put me close enough to the time of death.
- you just said that the witness didn't get a good look at you.
he was very precise about exactly how and where i should take care of things.
something about a bloodstained carpet that you've got stashed away to back up your story, should it ever be told.
we also found some interesting items in your flat in this shoe box under your bed.
among various items reported missing by the deceased last week, we found... these pairs of ladies' underwear.
that's what it's all about — interrupting someone's life... making them see all the things they took for granted.
like when they go back and buy all this stuff from the shelves... with the insurance money, they'll have to think... for the first time in a long time... why they wanted all this stuff, what it's for.
i seem to remember i've had this before, and it was actually quite good.
you'd have had a bit of difficulty doing this with your gloves on.
i feel bad about pulling the panty routine on that bloke.
she's gonna give him loads of shit, and she's the one fooling around.
one other thing they did was they took one of my earrings.
the didn't take the pair, they just took one, just to really fuck me off.
they never come around, and if they do, they'll just think they've mixed up their keys.
eventually they'll break in and change the locks, but i'll be long gone by then.
i didn't really know what all this was about... until this other guy arrived... who apparently owed them some money.
they didn't like this very much, so they got a hammer.
not that we've got anything to worry about... except for you making a fucking twat out of yourself.
i really hate it when i don't get to finish a good meal with a cup of coffee.
he's gonna hang on to the stuff, pretend to sell it, give me some money.
you may even get most of it back, if you're lucky.
i even got him to cut his hair and change his clothes.
so does that mean you'll tell me where you hid my earring?
that's why i asked you so many questions about your break-in.
i didn't tell you at the time 'cause i didn't want to upset you too much.
i wanted to give some of her stuff back to her, but i thought that would mean —
you thought that would mean telling her that you fucking robbed her!
just tell them what really happened, that you found her like that.
no, you wouldn't say that if you saw what i saw.
a crime that brutal — an old lady beaten to death.
if they even think it's me, they're gonna try and pin it on me, aren't they?
the police think he did something, and he didn't... so he needs a decoy, another likely suspect.
someone caught robbing a place using the same way he does it, his methods.
he was very precise about exactly how and where i should take care of things.
something about a bloodstained carpet... that you've got stashed away to back up your story... should it ever be told.
we also found some interesting items in your flat... in this shoebox under your bed.
among various items reported missing by the deceased last week, we found... these pairs of ladies' underwear.
he's just returned from holiday... and he told us that while he was away, his flat had been burgled.
not much was missing... but his new credit card hasn't yet arrived.
the following is my explanation... well, more of an account... of what happened.
i'd been on my own for a while... and getting kind of lonely... and bored.
seen somebody on the street that looks interesting or is behaving... slightly... oddly or something like that?
wondered what their lives involved, what they do, where they come from, where they go to?
you watch somebody's behavior, and it raises a hundred thousand questions, and...
i wanted to ask those questions, and i wanted to know what the answers were, and so i'd follow people to try and find out.
to tell you the truth, i thought you were this guy that i was at school with.
i saw you walk in here, so i followed you in just to see if it was him.
for the adrenalin, and because, like you, i'm interested in people.
yeah, you can tell a lot about people from their stuff.
interrupting someone's life, making them see all the things they took for granted.
like when they go back and buy all this stuff from the shelves with the insurance money, they'll have to think for the first time in a long time... why they wanted all this stuff, what it's for.
i seem to remember i've had this before, and it was actually quite good.
you'd have had a bit of difficulty doing this with your gloves on.
i feel bad about pulling the panty routine on that bloke.
she's gonna give him loads of shit, and she's the one fooling around.
they never come around, and if they do, they'lljust think they've mixed up their keys.
or eventually, they'll break in and change the locks, but i'll be long gone by then.
he's gonna hang on to the stuff but pretend to sell it, give me some money.
you may even get most of it back if you're lucky.
i even got him to cut his hair and change his clothes.
so, does that mean you'll tell me where you hid my earring?
that's why i asked you so many questions about your break-in.
i didn't tell you at the time 'cause i didn't wanna upset you too much.
he said something about you being a witness... to an incident that happened in this very room.
he was very precise about exactly how and where i should take care of things.
we also found some interesting items in your flat in this shoe box under your bed.
among various items reported missing by the deceased last week, we found... these pairs of ladies' underwear.
the following is my explanation-- well, more of an account... of what happened.
i'd been on my own for a while... and getting kind of lonely... and bored.
seen somebody on the street that looks interesting or is behaving... slightly-- oddly or something like that?
wondered what their lives involved, what they do, where they come from, where they go to?
you watch somebody's behavior, and it raises a hundred thousand questions, and...
i wanted to ask those questions, and i wanted to know what the answers were, and so i'd follow people to try and find out.
that's what it's all about-- interrupting someone's life, making them see all the things they took for granted.
like when they go back and buy all this stuff from the shelves with the insurance money, they'll have to think for the first time in a long time... why they wanted all this stuff, what it's for.
i seem to remember i've had this before, and it was actually quite good.
you'd have had a bit of difficulty doing this with your gloves on.
i feel bad about pulling the panty routine on that bloke.
she's gonna give him loads of shit, and she's the one fooling around.
he came around to my flat with a couple of his... associates, and...
i didn't really know what all this was about until this other guy arrived...
sometimes when i'm watching a flat i'll see that the owners are about to go on holiday.
i'll wait till they're gone, then move in for a week or two.
not that we've got anything to worry about... except for you making a fucking twat out of yourself.
i really hate it when i don't get to finish a good meal with a cup of coffee.
a new haircut, set of clothes, your mother won't even recognize you.
just because you broke into people's homes doesn't mean you need to look like a burglar.
i'm writing about burglaries-- about a friend of mine who breaks into people's houses.
that's why i asked you so many questions about your break-in.
any witness might put me close enough to the time of death.
- you just said that the witness didn't get a good look at you.
he said something about you being a witness... to an incident that happened in this very room.
he was very precise about exactly how and where i should take care of things.
we also found some interesting items in your flat in this shoe box under your bed.
among various items reported missing by the deceased last week, we found... these pairs of ladies' underwear.
[ man ] the following is my explanation-- well, more of an account... of what happened.
i'd been on my own for a while... and getting kind of lonely... and bored.
and when it stopped being random, that's when it started to go wrong.
when i started... to follow people-- specific people, when i selected a person to follow,
have you never... listened to other people's conversations on the bus or on the tube?
seen somebody on the street that looks interesting or is behaving... slightly-- oddly or something like that?
i wanted to ask those questions, and i wanted to know what the answers were, and so i'd follow people to try and find out.
most important rule was... that even if i found out where somebody worked or where they lived, then you'd never follow the same person twice.
for the adrenalin, and because, like you, i'm interested in people.
yeah, you can tell a lot about people from their stuff.
like when they go back and buy all this stuff from the shelves with the insurance money, they'll have to think for the first time in a long time... why they wanted all this stuff, what it's for.
you take it away, and you show them what they had.
she'll find them in his trousers and ask him what he's been doing.
yeah, but why would you want to fuck up their relationship?
i feel bad about pulling the panty routine on that bloke.
she's gonna give him loads of shit, and she's the one fooling around.
they never come around, and if they do, they'lljust think they've mixed up their keys.
or eventually, they'll break in and change the locks, but i'll be long gone by then.
he came around to my flat with a couple of his... associates, and...
i didn't really know what all this was about until this other guy arrived...
sometimes when i'm watching a flat i'll see that the owners are about to go on holiday.
i'll wait till they're gone, then move in for a week or two.
i even got him to cut his hair and change his clothes.
so, does that mean you'll tell me where you hid my earring?
that's why i asked you so many questions about your break-in.
i didn't tell you at the time 'cause i didn't wanna upset you too much.
- photos are in a safe, but i've got the combination.
- well, if it's for a friend, where's the money at?
he said something about you being a witness... to an incident that happened in this very room.
he was very precise about exactly how and where i should take care of things.
we also found a hammer with two types of blood on it.
one type, i assume, will match the bloke you put in hospital.
i assume so since we found them stashed... with these passport-style photographs of the deceased.
we also found this pearl earring... which exactly matched the one worn by the deceased at the time of her death.
i wanted to know if i had it in me to do those things.
maybe i have lost my mind, but whoever i am, i'm still me and i'm not a killer.
i can't seem to remember... if it's main street west or the cross-town.
i'm sorry, inspector, i cannot be of more assistance... but i am running late for an appointment.
see, i've been trying to remember things-- clearly remember things from my past.
but the more i try to think back, the more it all starts to unravel.
that's why you keep changing people and things around every night.
maybe you have finally found what you are looking for... and it's going to bite you on your--
and as he follows the clues, so shall we follow the memories.
perhaps we have forgotten what happened last time, when we t--
but imagine a life... alien to yours... in which your memories were not your own... but those shared by every other of your kind.
imagine the torment of such an existence... no experiences to call your own.
we fashioned this city on stolen memories... different eras, different pasts all rolled into one.
each night, we revise it, refine it... in order to learn.
i know this is gonna sound crazy... but what if we never knew each other before now?
what if the first time we ever met... was last night in your-- in our apartment... and everything you remember... and everything that i'm supposed to remember never really happened?
but we do not have much time... and i cannot afford the luxury of doing this the right way.
everything you need to know... all the answers are in this syringe.
will a man, given the history of a killer, continue in that vein?
or are we, in fact, more than the mere sum of our memories?
it is our capacity for individuality... our souls that makes us different from them.
they think they can find the human soul... if they understand how our memories work.
when they first brought us here, they extracted what was in us.
so they could store the information, remix it like so much paint... and give us back new memories of their choosing.
i wanted to know if i had it in me to do those things.
maybe i have lost my mind, but whoever i am, i'm still me and i'm not a killer.
i can't seem to remember... if it's main street west or the cross-town.
i'm sorry, lnspector, i cannot be of more assistance... but i am running late for an appointment.
see, i've been trying to remember things-- clearly remember things from my past.
but the more i try to think back, the more it all starts to unravel.
that's why you keep changing people and things around every night.
maybe you have finally found what you are looking for... and it's going to bite you on your--
and as he follows the clues, so shall we follow the memories.
perhaps we have forgotten what happened last time, when we t--
but imagine a life... alien to yours... in which your memories were not your own... but those shared by every other of your kind.
imagine the torment of such an existence... no experiences to call your own.
we fashioned this city on stolen memories... different eras, different pasts all rolled into one.
each night, we revise it, refine it... in order to learn.
i know this is gonna sound crazy... but what if we never knew each other before now?
what if the first time we ever met... was last night in your-- in our apartment... and everything you remember... and everything that i'm supposed to remember never really happened?
but we do not have much time... and i cannot afford the luxury of doing this the right way.
everything you need to know... all the answers are in this syringe.
will a man, given the history of a killer, continue in that vein?
or are we, in fact, more than the mere sum of our memories?
it is our capacity for individuality... our souls that makes us different from them.
they think they can find the human soul... if they understand how our memories work.
when they first brought us here, they extracted what was in us.
so they could store the information, remix it like so much paint... and give us back new memories of their choosing.
john has been coming to see me for quite some time.
he had been grappling with feelings of betrayal... stemming from your marital difficulties.
he made a terrible impression for the firm... lollygagging around as he did.
so i simply told frederickson i was going to have to let him go.
and as he follows the clues, so shall we follow the memories.
perhaps we have forgotten what happened last time, when we t--
but imagine a life... alien to yours... in which your memories were not your own... but those shared by every other of your kind.
imagine the torment of such an existence... no experiences to call your own.
will a man, given the history of a killer, continue in that vein?
or are we, in fact, more than the mere sum of our memories?
it is our capacity for individuality... our souls that makes us different from them.
they think they can find the human soul... if they understand how our memories work.
when they first brought us here, they extracted what was in us.
so they could store the information, remix it like so much paint... and give us back new memories of their choosing.
â™ª when marimba rhythms start to play â™ª â™ª dance with me â™ª â™ª make me sway â™ª â™ª like a lazy ocean hugs the shore â™ª
â™ª hold me close â™ª â™ª sway me more â™ª â™ª like a flower bending in the breeze â™ª â™ª bend with me â™ª â™ª sway with ease â™ª
see, i've been trying to remember things-- clearly remember things from my past.
but the more i try to think back, the more it all starts to unravel.
â™ª but if you put me down for another â™ª â™ª i'll know â™ª â™ª believe me, i'll know â™ª
â™ª 'cause the night â™ª â™ª has a thousand eyes â™ª â™ª and a thousand eyes â™ª â™ª can't tell, but see â™ª
and as he follows the clues, so shall we follow the memories.
perhaps we have forgotten what happened last time, when we t--
or are we, in fact, more than the mere sum of our memories?
this business of you being a killer was an unhappy coincidence.
when they first brought us here, they extracted what was in us.
so they could store the information, remix it like so much paint...
â™ª hold me close â™ª â™ª sway me more â™ª â™ª like a flower bending in the breeze â™ª â™ª bend with me â™ª â™ª sway with ease â™ª
â™ª when we dance you have a way with me â™ª â™ª stay with me â™ª â™ª sway with me â™ª â™ª other dancers may be on the floor â™ª
â™ª dear, but my eyes will see only you â™ª â™ª only you have that magic technique â™ª â™ª when we sway i go weak â™ª â™ª i can hear the sound of violins â™ª
â™ª long before it begins â™ª â™ª make me thrill as only you know how â™ª â™ª sway me smooth, sway me now â™ª â™ª sway me now â™ª
their civilization was in decline, and so they abandoned their world, seeking a cure for their own mortality.
their endless journey brought them to a small, blue world... in the farthest corner of the galaxy.
the truth is, john has been coming to see me... for quite some time.
he had been grappling with feelings of betrayal... stemming from your marital difficulties.
with all due respect, chief inspector, i've known eddie a long time, and he's a good cop.
whatever kind of cop walenski once was... he let drift a long time ago.
i wanted to know if i had it in me to do those things.
maybe i have lost my mind, but whoever i am, i'm still me, and i'm not a killer.
see, i've been trying to remember things-- clearly remember things from my past.
but the more i try to think back, the more it all starts to unravel.
what if the first time we met was last night in our apartment?
and everything you remember, and everything i'm supposed to remember never really happened.
all the answers you've been looking for, i swear to you.
guess i'll hold on to it for safekeeping, if you don't mind.
will a man, given the history of a killer, continue in that vein?
or are we, in fact, more than the sum of our memories?
it is our capacity for individuality, our souls... that makes us different from them.
they think they'll find the human soul... if they understand how our memories work.
i wanted to know if i had it in me to do those things.
maybe i have lost my mind, but whoever i am, i'm still me and i'm not a killer.
i can't seem to remember... if it's main street west or the cross-town.
i'm sorry, inspector, i cannot be of more assistance... but i am running late for an appointment.
see, i've been trying to remember things-- clearly remember things from my past.
but the more i try to think back, the more it all starts to unravel.
that's why you keep changing people and things around every night.
maybe you have finally found what you are looking for... and it's going to bite you on your--
and as he follows the clues, so shall we follow the memories.
perhaps we have forgotten what happened last time, when we t--
but imagine a life... alien to yours... in which your memories were not your own... but those shared by every other of your kind.
imagine the torment of such an existence... no experiences to call your own.
we fashioned this city on stolen memories... different eras, different pasts all rolled into one.
each night, we revise it, refine it... in order to learn.
i know this is gonna sound crazy... but what if we never knew each other before now?
what if the first time we ever met... was last night in your-- in our apartment... and everything you remember... and everything that i'm supposed to remember never really happened?
but we do not have much time... and i cannot afford the luxury of doing this the right way.
everything you need to know... all the answers are in this syringe.
will a man, given the history of a killer, continue in that vein?
or are we, in fact, more than the mere sum of our memories?
it is our capacity for individuality... our souls that makes us different from them.
they think they can find the human soul... if they understand how our memories work.
when they first brought us here, they extracted what was in us.
so they could store the information, remix it like so much paint... and give us back new memories of their choosing.
i can't seem to remember... if it's main street west or the cross-town.
i'm sorry, inspector, i cannot be of more assistance... but i am running late for an appointment.
see, i've been trying to remember things... clearly remember things from my past.
but the more i try to think back, the more it all starts to unravel.
that's why you keep changing people and things around every night.
maybe you have finally found what you are looking for... and it's going to bite you on your...
everywhere he goes... everyone he seeks out will be known to us.
and as he follows the clues, so shall we follow the memories.
instincts are irrational, mr. wall... and we must follow where they lead, yes.
mr. sleep suggests he may go to places familiar... his job.
to be able to revisit those places which have meant so very much to us.
i thought it was more that we were haunted by them.
imagine the torment of such an existence... no experiences to call your own.
if it was all you knew... maybe it would be a comfort.
we fashioned this city on stolen memories... different eras, different pasts all rolled into one.
each night, we revise it, refine it... in order to learn.
what if the first time we ever met... was last night in your...
in our apartment... and everything you remember... and everything that i'm supposed to remember never really happened?
but we do not have much time... and i cannot afford the luxury of doing this the right way.
everything you need to know... all the answers are in this syringe.
will a man, given the history of a killer, continue in that vein?
or are we, in fact, more than the mere sum of our memories?
it is our capacity for individuality... our souls that makes us different from them.
they think they can find the human soul... if they understand how our memories work.
when they first brought us here, they extracted what was in us.
so they could store the information, remix it like so much paint... and give us back new memories of their choosing.
their civilization was in decline, and so they abandoned their world, seeking a cure for their own mortality.
their endless journey brought them to a small, blue world... in the farthest corner of the galaxy.
the truth is, john has been coming to see me... for quite some time.
he had been grappling with feelings of betrayal... stemming from your marital difficulties.
i understand how difficult this must be for you, but for john's sake,
i would like you to think of me as your friend, emma.
i've known eddie a long time, and he's a good cop.
whatever kind of cop walenski once was... he let drift a long time ago.
i wanted to know if i had it in me to do those things.
maybe i have lost my mind, but whoever i am, i'm still me, and i'm not a killer.
i can't seem to remember if it's main street west... or the crosstown.
i'm sorry, lnspector, i cannot be of more assistance, but i am running late for an appointment.
see, i've been trying to remember things-- clearly remember things from my past.
but the more i try to think back, the more it all starts to unravel.
what if the first time we met was last night in our apartment?
and everything you remember, and everything i'm supposed to remember never really happened.
all the answers you've been looking for, i swear to you.
guess i'll hold on to it for safekeeping, if you don't mind.
when they want to study a murderer, for instance, they simply imprint one of their citizens with a new personality.
arrange a family for him, friends, an entire history... even a lost wallet.
or are we, in fact, more than the sum of our memories?
this business of you being a killer was a sad coincidence.
that is how they change things, how they built this city.
they have machines buried beneath the surface... that allow them to focus their telepathic energies.
i can't seem to remember... if it's main street west or the cross-town.
i'm sorry, inspector, i cannot be of more assistance... but i am running late for an appointment.
see, i've been trying to remember things... clearly remember things from my past.
but the more i try to think back, the more it all starts to unravel.
that's why you keep changing people and things around every night.
maybe you have finally found what you are looking for... and it's going to bite you on your...
everywhere he goes... everyone he seeks out will be known to us.
and as he follows the clues, so shall we follow the memories.
instincts are irrational, mr. wall... and we must follow where they lead, yes.
mr. sleep suggests he may go to places familiar... his job.
to be able to revisit those places which have meant so very much to us.
i thought it was more that we were haunted by them.
imagine the torment of such an existence... no experiences to call your own.
if it was all you knew... maybe it would be a comfort.
we fashioned this city on stolen memories... different eras, different pasts all rolled into one.
each night, we revise it, refine it... in order to learn.
what if the first time we ever met... was last night in your...
in our apartment... and everything you remember... and everything that i'm supposed to remember never really happened?
but we do not have much time... and i cannot afford the luxury of doing this the right way.
everything you need to know... all the answers are in this syringe.
will a man, given the history of a killer, continue in that vein?
or are we, in fact, more than the mere sum of our memories?
it is our capacity for individuality... our souls that makes us different from them.
they think they can find the human soul... if they understand how our memories work.
when they first brought us here, they extracted what was in us.
so they could store the information, remix it like so much paint... and give us back new memories of their choosing.
you say you're my husband's doctor, but he never mentioned you to me.
the truth is mrs murdoch, john has been coming to see me... for quite some time.
everywhere he goes, everyone he seeks out... will be known to us.
and as he follows the clues, so shall we follow the memories.
will a man, given the history of a killer, continue in that vein?
or are we, in fact, more than the sum of our memories?
it is our capacity for individuality, our souls... that makes us different from them.
they think they'll find the human soul... if they understand how our memories work.
but he can also lead us to what we seek... what the doctor calls the soul.
it is time for our experiment to move into a final phase.
and i cannot afford the luxury of doing this the right way.
everything you need to know, all the answers, are in this syringe.
i wanted to know if i had it in me to do those things.
maybe i have lost my mind, but whoever i am, i'm still me and i'm not a killer.
i can't seem to remember... if it's main street west or the cross-town.
i'm sorry, lnspector, i cannot be of more assistance... but i am running late for an appointment.
see, i've been trying to remember things-- clearly remember things from my past.
but the more i try to think back, the more it all starts to unravel.
that's why you keep changing people and things around every night.
maybe you have finally found what you are looking for... and it's going to bite you on your--
and as he follows the clues, so shall we follow the memories.
perhaps we have forgotten what happened last time, when we t--
but imagine a life... alien to yours... in which your memories were not your own... but those shared by every other of your kind.
imagine the torment of such an existence... no experiences to call your own.
we fashioned this city on stolen memories... different eras, different pasts all rolled into one.
each night, we revise it, refine it... in order to learn.
i know this is gonna sound crazy... but what if we never knew each other before now?
what if the first time we ever met... was last night in your-- in our apartment... and everything you remember... and everything that i'm supposed to remember never really happened?
but we do not have much time... and i cannot afford the luxury of doing this the right way.
everything you need to know... all the answers are in this syringe.
will a man, given the history of a killer, continue in that vein?
or are we, in fact, more than the mere sum of our memories?
it is our capacity for individuality... our souls that makes us different from them.
they think they can find the human soul... if they understand how our memories work.
when they first brought us here, they extracted what was in us.
so they could store the information, remix it like so much paint... and give us back new memories of their choosing.
that's why you keep changing people and things around every night.
maybe you have finally found what you are looking for... and it's going to bite you on your...
everywhere he goes... everyone he seeks out will be known to us.
and as he follows the clues, so shall we follow the memories.
to be able to revisit those places which have meant so very much to us.
i thought it was more that we were haunted by them.
imagine the torment of such an existence... no experiences to call your own.
if it was all you knew... maybe it would be a comfort.
i know this is gonna sound crazy... but what if we never knew each other before now?
what if the first time we ever met... was last night in your...
will a man, given the history of a killer, continue in that vein?
or are we, in fact, more than the mere sum of our memories?
it is our capacity for individuality... our souls that makes us different from them.
they think they can find the human soul... if they understand how our memories work.
when they first brought us here, they extracted what was in us.
so they could store the information, remix it like so much paint... and give us back new memories of their choosing.
their civilization was in decline, and so they abandoned their world seeking a cure for their own mortality.
their endless journey brought them to a small blue world in the farthest corner of the galaxy... our world.
see, i've been trying to remember things-- clearly remember things from my past.
but the more i try to think back, the more it all starts to unravel.
he made a terrible impression for the firm, lollygagging around as he did.
so i simply told frederickson i was going to have to let him go.
instincts are irrational, mr wall, and we must follow where they lead, yes.
mr sleep suggests he may go to places familiar, his job.
to be able to revisit those places which have meant so very much to us.
i thought it was more that we were haunted by them.
we fashioned this city on stolen memories, different eras, different pasts, all rolled into one.
each night, we revise it, refine it in order to learn.
i know this is gonna sound crazy, but what if we never knew each other before now?
what if the first time we ever met was last night in your-- in our apartment, and everything you remember... and everything that i'm supposed to remember never really happened?
it is our capacity for individuality, our souls that makes us different from them.
they think they can find the human soul if they understand how our memories work.
when they first brought us here, they extracted what was in us.
so they could store the information, remix it like so much paint, and give us back new memories of their choosing.
i wanted to know if i had it in me to do those things.
maybe i have lost my mind, but whoever i am, i'm still me and i'm not a killer.
and as he follows the clues, so shall we follow the memories.
perhaps we have forgotten what happened last time, when we t--
but imagine a life... alien to yours... in which your memories were not your own... but those shared by every other of your kind.
imagine the torment of such an existence... no experiences to call your own.
he told me he wanted to test himself... see if he was... capable of--
i wanted to talk to her. i thought maybe she could help me find him.
we fashioned this city on stolen memories... different eras, different pasts all rolled into one.
each night, we revise it, refine it... in order to learn.
will a man, given the history of a killer, continue in that vein?
or are we, in fact, more than the mere sum of our memories?
it is our capacity for individuality... our souls that makes us different from them.
they think they can find the human soul... if they understand how our memories work.
when they first brought us here, they extracted what was in us.
so they could store the information, remix it like so much paint... and give us back new memories of their choosing.
their civilization was in decline, and so they abandoned their world seeking a cure for their own mortality.
their endless journey brought them to a small blue world in the farthest corner of the galaxy... our world.
everywhere he goes, everyone he seeks out will be known to us.
and as he follows the clues, so shall we followthe memories.
but we do not have much time, and i cannot afford the luxury of doing this the right way.
everything you need to know, all the answers, are in this syringe.
will a man, given the history of a killer, continue in that vein, or are we, in fact, more than the mere sum of our memories?
this business of you being a killer was an unhappy coincidence.
i can't seem to remember... if it's main street west or the cross-town.
i'm sorry, inspector, i cannot be of more assistance... but i am running late for an appointment.
see, i've been trying to remember things... clearly remember things from my past.
but the more i try to think back, the more it all starts to unravel.
that's why you keep changing people and things around every night.
maybe you have finally found what you are looking for... and it's going to bite you on your...
and as he follows the clues, so shall we follow the memories.
perhaps we have forgotten what happened last time, when we t...
but imagine a life... alien to yours... in which your memories were not your own... but those shared by every other of your kind.
imagine the torment of such an existence... no experiences to call your own.
we fashioned this city on stolen memories... different eras, different pasts all rolled into one.
each night, we revise it, refine it... in order to learn.
what if the first time we ever met... was last night in your...
in our apartment... and everything you remember... and everything that i'm supposed to remember never really happened?
but we do not have much time... and i cannot afford the luxury of doing this the right way.
everything you need to know... all the answers are in this syringe.
will a man, given the history of a killer, continue in that vein?
or are we, in fact, more than the mere sum of our memories?
it is our capacity for individuality... our souls that makes us different from them.
they think they can find the human soul... if they understand how our memories work.
when they first brought us here, they extracted what was in us.
so they could store the information, remix it like so much paint... and give us back new memories of their choosing.
their civilization was in decline, and so they abandoned their world, seeking a cure for their own mortality.
their endless journey brought them to a small, blue world... in the farthest corner of the galaxy.
the truth is mrs murdoch, john has been coming to see me... for quite some time.
he had been grappling with feelings of betrayal... stemming from your marital difficulties.
i understand how difficult this must be for you, but for john's sake,
i would like you to think of me as your friend, emma.
i've known eddie a long time, and he's a good cop.
whatever kind of cop walenski once was... he let drift a long time ago.
i wanted to know if i had it in me to do those things.
maybe i have lost my mind, but whoever i am, i'm still me, and i'm not a killer.
i can't seem to remember if it's main street west... or the crosstown.
i'm sorry, lnspector, i cannot be of more assistance, but i am running late for an appointment.
see, i've been trying to remember things-- clearly remember things from my past.
but the more i try to think back, the more it all starts to unravel.
what if the first time we met was last night in our apartment?
and everything you remember, and everything i'm supposed to remember never really happened.
all the answers you've been looking for, i swear to you.
guess i'll hold on to it for safekeeping, if you don't mind.
when they want to study a murderer, for instance, they simply imprint one of their citizens with a new personality.
arrange a family for him, friends, an entire history... even a lost wallet.
or are we, in fact, more than the sum of our memories?
this business of you being a killer was a sad coincidence.
that is how they change things, how they built this city.
they have machines buried beneath the surface... that allow them to focus their telepathic energies.
i wanted to know if i had it in me to do those things.
maybe i have lost my mind, but whoever i am, i'm still me and i'm not a killer.
i can't seem to remember... if it's main street west or the cross-town.
i'm sorry, inspector, i cannot be of more assistance... but i am running late for an appointment.
see, i've been trying to remember things- clearly remember things from my past.
but the more i try to think back, the more it all starts to unravel.
that's why you keep changing people and things around every night.
maybe you have finally found what you are looking for... and it's going to bite you on your-
everywhere he goes... everyone he seeks out will be known to us.
and as he follows the clues, so shall we follow the memories.
instincts are irrational, mr. wall... and we must follow where they lead, yes.
mr. sleep suggests he may go to places familiar... his job.
to be able to revisit those places which have meant so very much to us.
i thought it was more that we were haunted by them.
imagine the torment of such an existence... no experiences to call your own.
if it was all you knew... maybe it would be a comfort.
we fashioned this city on stolen memories... different eras, different pasts all rolled into one.
each night, we revise it, refine it... in order to learn.
i know this is gonna sound crazy... but what if we never knew each other before now?
what if the first time we ever met... was last night in your- in our apartment... and everything you remember... and everything that i'm supposed to remember never really happened?
but we do not have much time... and i cannot afford the luxury of doing this the right way.
everything you need to know... all the answers are in this syringe.
will a man, given the history of a killer, continue in that vein?
or are we, in fact, more than the mere sum of our memories?
it is our capacity for individuality... our souls that makes us different from them.
they think they can find the human soul... if they understand how our memories work.
when they first brought us here, they extracted what was in us.
so they could store the information, remix it like so much paint... and give us back new memories of their choosing.
i wanted to know if i had it in me to do those things.
maybe i have lost my mind, but whoever i am, i'm still me and i'm not a killer.
that's why you keep changing people and things around every night.
maybe you have finally found what you are looking for... and it's going to bite you on your..
everywhere he goes... everyone he seeks out will be known to us.
and as he follows the clues, so shall we follow the memories.
instincts are irrational, mr. wall... and we must follow where they lead, yes.
mr. sleep suggests he may go to places familiar... his job.
to be able to revisit those places which have meant so very much to us.
i thought it was more that we were haunted by them.
imagine the torment of such an existence... no experiences to call your own.
if it was all you knew... maybe it would be a comfort.
we fashioned this city on stolen memories... different eras, different pasts all rolled into one.
each night, we revise it, refine it... in order to learn.
what if the first time we ever met... was last night in your..
in our apartment... and everything you remember... and everything that i'm supposed to remember never really happened?
but we do not have much time... and i cannot afford the luxury of doing this the right way.
everything you need to know... all the answers are in this syringe.
will a man, given the history of a killer, continue in that vein?
or are we, in fact, more than the mere sum of our memories?
it is our capacity for individuality... our souls that makes us different from them.
they think they can find the human soul... if they understand how our memories work.
when they first brought us here, they extracted what was in us.
so they could store the information, remix it like so much paint... and give us back new memories of their choosing.
their civilization was in decline, and so they abandoned their world, seeking a cure for their own mortality.
their endless journey brought them to a small, blue world... in the farthest corner of the galaxy.
the truth is, john has been coming to see me... for quite some time.
he had been grappling with feelings of betrayal... stemming from your marital difficulties.
with all due respect, chief inspector, i've known eddie a long time, and he's a good cop.
whatever kind of cop walenski once was... he let drift a long time ago.
i wanted to know if i had it in me to do those things.
maybe i have lost my mind, but whoever i am, i'm still me, and i'm not a killer.
see, i've been trying to remember things-- clearly remember things from my past.
but the more i try to think back, the more it all starts to unravel.
what if the first time we met was last night in our apartment?
and everything you remember, and everything i'm supposed to remember never really happened.
all the answers you've been looking for, i swear to you.
guess i'll hold on to it for safekeeping, if you don't mind.
will a man, given the history of a killer, continue in that vein?
or are we, in fact, more than the sum of our memories?
it is our capacity for individuality, our souls... that makes us different from them.
they think they'll find the human soul... if they understand how our memories work.
their civilization was in decline, and so they abandoned their world, seeking a cure for their own mortality.
their endless journey brought them to a small, blue world... in the farthest corner of the galaxy.
the truth is, john has been coming to see me... for quite some time.
he had been grappling with feelings of betrayal... stemming from your marital difficulties.
with all due respect, chief inspector, i've known eddie a long time, and he's a good cop.
whatever kind of cop walenski once was... he let drift a long time ago.
i wanted to know if i had it in me to do those things.
maybe i have lost my mind, but whoever i am, i'm still me, and i'm not a killer.
see, i've been trying to remember things-- clearly remember things from my past.
but the more i try to think back, the more it all starts to unravel.
what if the first time we met was last night in our apartment?
and everything you remember, and everything i'm supposed to remember never really happened.
all the answers you've been looking for, i swear to you.
guess i'll hold on to it for safekeeping, if you don't mind.
will a man, given the history of a killer, continue in that vein?
or are we, in fact, more than the sum of our memories?
it is our capacity for individuality, our souls... that makes us different from them.
they think they'll find the human soul... if they understand how our memories work.
their civilization was in decline, and so they abandoned their world, seeking a cure for their own mortality.
their endless journey brought them to a small, blue world... in the farthest corner of the galaxy.
the truth is, john has been coming to see me... for quite some time.
he had been grappling with feelings of betrayal... stemming from your marital difficulties.
with all due respect, chief inspector, i've known eddie a long time, and he's a good cop.
whatever kind of cop walenski once was... he let drift a long time ago.
i wanted to know if i had it in me to do those things.
maybe i have lost my mind, but whoever i am, i'm still me, and i'm not a killer.
see, i've been trying to remember things-- clearly remember things from my past.
but the more i try to think back, the more it all starts to unravel.
what if the first time we met was last night in our apartment?
and everything you remember, and everything i'm supposed to remember never really happened.
all the answers you've been looking for, i swear to you.
guess i'll hold on to it for safekeeping, if you don't mind.
will a man, given the history of a killer, continue in that vein?
or are we, in fact, more than the sum of our memories?
it is our capacity for individuality, our souls... that makes us different from them.
they think they'll find the human soul... if they understand how our memories work.
their civilization was in decline... and so they abandoned their world... seeking a cure for their own mortality.
their endless journey brought them to a small blue world... in the farthest corner of the galaxy... our world.
i wanted to know if i had it in me to do those things.
maybe i have lost my mind, but whoever i am, i'm not a killer.
you just take main street west to... or is it the cross... you know, that's funny.
i can't seem to remember if it's main street west or the cross-town.
he made a terrible impression for the firm... lollygagging around as he did.
so i simply told frederickson i was going to have to let him go.
everywhere he goes, everyone he seeks out will be known to us.
and as he follows the clues... so shall we follow the memories.
to be able to revisit those places which have meant so very much to us.
i thought it was more that we were haunted by them.
we fashioned this city on stolen memories... different eras, different pasts, all rolled into one.
each night, we revise it, refine it in order to learn.
what if the first time we ever met was last night... in your...
in our apartment... and everything that i'm supposed to remember never really happened.
but we don't have much time and i can't afford doing this the right way.
everything you need to know, all the answers, are in this syringe.
will a man, given the history of a killer continue in that vein?
or are we, in fact more than the mere sum of our memories?
it is our capacity for individuality, our souls... that makes us different from them.
they think they can find... the human soul if they understand how our memories work.
i wanted to know if i had it in me to do those things.
maybe i have lost my mind, but whoever i am, i'm still me and i'm not a killer.
i--i can't seem to remember... if it's main street west or the cross-town.
i'm sorry, inspector, i cannot be of more assistance... but i am running late for an appointment.
see, i've been trying to remember things-- clearly remember things from my past.
but the more i try to think back, the more it all starts to unravel.
that's why you keep changing people and things around every night.
maybe you have finally found what you are looking for... and it's going to bite you on your--
everywhere he goes... everyone he seeks out will be known to us.
and as he follows the clues, so shall we follow the memories.
to be able to revisit those places which have meant so very much to us.
i thought it was more that we were haunted by them.
imagine the torment of such an existence... no experiences to call your own.
if it was all you knew... maybe it would be a comfort.
we fashioned this city on stolen memories... different eras, different pasts all rolled into one.
each night, we revise it, refine it... in order to learn.
i know this is gonna sound crazy... but what if we never knew each other before now?
what if the first time we ever met... was last night in your-- in our apartment... and everything you remember... and everything that i'm supposed to remember never really happened?
but we do not have much time... and i cannot afford the luxury of doing this the right way.
everything you need to know... all the answers are in this syringe.
or are we, in fact, more than the mere sum of our memories?
this business of you being a killer was an unhappy coincidence.
john has been coming to see me for quite some time.
he had been grappling with feelings of betrayal... stemming from your marital difficulties.
i wanted to know if i had it in me to do those things.
maybe i have lost my mind, but whoever i am, i'm still me and i'm not a killer.
i can't seem to remember... if it's main street west or the cross-town.
i'm sorry, inspector, i cannot be of more assistance... but i am running late for an appointment.
see, i've been trying to remember things... clearly remember things from my past.
but the more i try to think back, the more it all starts to unravel.
he made a terrible impression for the firm... lollygagging around as he did.
so i simply told frederickson i was going to have to let him go.
everywhere he goes... everyone he seeks out will be known to us.
and as he follows the clues, so shall we follow the memories.
instincts are irrational, mr. wall... and we must follow where they lead, yes.
mr. sleep suggests he may go to places familiar... his job.
but imagine a life... alien to yours... in which your memories were not your own... but those shared by every other of your kind.
imagine the torment of such an existence... no experiences to call your own.
we fashioned this city on stolen memories... different eras, different pasts all rolled into one.
each night, we revise it, refine it... in order to learn.
what if the first time we ever met... was last night in your...
in our apartment... and everything you remember... and everything that i'm supposed to remember never really happened?
but we do not have much time... and i cannot afford the luxury of doing this the right way.
everything you need to know... all the answers are in this syringe.
will a man, given the history of a killer, continue in that vein?
or are we, in fact, more than the mere sum of our memories?
it is our capacity for individuality... our souls that makes us different from them.
they think they can find the human soul... if they understand how our memories work.
when they first brought us here, they extracted what was in us.
so they could store the information, remix it like so much paint... and give us back new memories of their choosing.
their civilization was in decline, and so they abandoned their world, seeking a cure for their own mortality.
their endless journey brought them to a small, blue world... in the farthest corner of the galaxy.
the truth is, john has been coming to see me... for quite some time.
he had been grappling with feelings of betrayal... stemming from your marital difficulties.
with all due respect, chief inspector, i've known eddie a long time, and he's a good cop.
whatever kind of cop walenski once was... he let drift a long time ago.
i wanted to know if i had it in me to do those things.
maybe i have lost my mind, but whoever i am, i'm still me, and i'm not a killer.
see, i've been trying to remember things-- clearly remember things from my past.
but the more i try to think back, the more it all starts to unravel.
what if the first time we met was last night in our apartment?
and everything you remember, and everything i'm supposed to remember never really happened.
all the answers you've been looking for, i swear to you.
guess i'll hold on to it for safekeeping, if you don't mind.
will a man, given the history of a killer, continue in that vein?
or are we, in fact, more than the sum of our memories?
it is our capacity for individuality, our souls... that makes us different from them.
they think they'll find the human soul... if they understand how our memories work.
john has been coming to see me for quite some time.
he had been grappling with feelings of betrayal... stemming from your marital difficulties.
he made a terrible impression for the firm... lollygagging around as he did.
so i simply told frederickson i was going to have to let him go.
and as he follows the clues, so shall we follow the memories.
perhaps we have forgotten what happened last time, when we t--
but imagine a life... alien to yours... in which your memories were not your own... but those shared by every other of your kind.
imagine the torment of such an existence... no experiences to call your own.
will a man, given the history of a killer, continue in that vein?
or are we, in fact, more than the mere sum of our memories?
it is our capacity for individuality... our souls that makes us different from them.
they think they can find the human soul... if they understand how our memories work.
when they first brought us here, they extracted what was in us.
so they could store the information, remix it like so much paint... and give us back new memories of their choosing.
their civilization was in decline, and so they abandoned their world seeking a cure for their own mortality.
their endless journey brought them to a small blue world in the farthest corner of the galaxy... our world.
i wanted to know if i had it in me to do those things.
maybe i have lost my mind, but whoever i am, i'm still me, and i'm not a killer.
that's why you keep changing people and things around every night.
maybe you have finally found what you are looking for, and it's going to bite you on your...
instincts are irrational, mr wall, and we must follow where they lead, yes.
mr sleep suggests he may go to places familiar, his job.
to be able to revisit those places which have meant so very much to us.
i thought it was more that we were haunted by them.
we fashioned this city on stolen memories, different eras, different pasts, all rolled into one.
each night, we revise it, refine it in order to learn.
i know this is gonna sound crazy, but what if we never knew each other before now ?
what if the first time we ever met was last night in your... in our apartment, and everything you remember... and everything that i'm supposed to remember never really happened ?
but we do not have much time, and i cannot afford the luxury of doing this the right way.
everything you need to know, all the answers, are in this syringe.
it is our capacity for individuality, our souls that makes us different from them.
they think they can find the human soul if they understand how our memories work.
when they first brought us here, they extracted what was in us.
so they could store the information, remix it like so much paint, and give us back new memories of their choosing.
he made a terrible impression for the firm... lollygagging around as he did.
so i simply told frederickson i was going to have to let him go.
everywhere he goes... everyone he seeks out will be known to us.
and as he follows the clues, so shall we follow the memories.
instincts are irrational, mr. wall... and we must follow where they lead, yes.
mr. sleep suggests he may go to places familiar... his job.
to be able to revisit those places which have meant so very much to us.
i thought it was more that we were haunted by them.
imagine the torment of such an existence... no experiences to call your own.
if it was all you knew... maybe it would be a comfort.
i know this is gonna sound crazy... but what if we never knew each other before now?
what if the first time we ever met... was last night in your...
but we do not have much time... and i cannot afford the luxury of doing this the right way.
everything you need to know... all the answers are in this syringe.
or are we, in fact, more than the mere sum of our memories?
this business of you being a killer was an unhappy coincidence.
their civilization was in decline, and so they abandoned their world seeking a cure for their own mortality.
their endless journey brought them to a small blue world in the farthest corner of the galaxy... our world.
see, i've been trying to remember things-- clearly remember things from my past.
but the more i try to think back, the more it all starts to unravel.
he made a terrible impression for the firm, lollygagging around as he did.
so i simply told frederickson i was going to have to let him go.
instincts are irrational, mr wall, and we must follow where they lead, yes.
mr sleep suggests he may go to places familiar, his job.
to be able to revisit those places which have meant so very much to us.
i thought it was more that we were haunted by them.
we fashioned this city on stolen memories, different eras, different pasts, all rolled into one.
each night, we revise it, refine it in order to learn.
i know this is gonna sound crazy, but what if we never knew each other before now?
what if the first time we ever met was last night in your-- in our apartment, and everything you remember... and everything that i'm supposed to remember never really happened?
it is our capacity for individuality, our souls that makes us different from them.
they think they can find the human soul if they understand how our memories work.
when they first brought us here, they extracted what was in us.
so they could store the information, remix it like so much paint, and give us back new memories of their choosing.
you say you're my husband's doctor, but he never mentioned you to me.
the truth is, john has been coming to see me... for quite some time.
everywhere he goes, everyone he seeks out... will be known to us.
and as he follows the clues, so shall we follow the memories.
will a man, given the history of a killer, continue in that vein?
or are we, in fact, more than the sum of our memories?
it is our capacity for individuality, our souls... that makes us different from them.
they think they'll find the human soul... if they understand how our memories work.
but he can also lead us to what we seek... what the doctor calls the soul.
it is time for our experiment to move into a final phase.
john has been coming to see me for quite some time.
he had been grappling with feelings of betrayal stemming from your marital difficulties.
i wanted to know if i had it in me to do those things.
maybe i have lost my mind, but whoever i am i'm still me and i'm not a killer.
i can't seem to remember if it's main street west or the cross-town.
i'm sorry, inspector, i cannot be of more assistance but i am running late for an appointment.
see, i've been trying to remember things-- clearly remember things from my past.
but the more i try to think back, the more it all starts to unravel.
that's why you keep changing people and things around every night.
maybe you have finally found what you are looking for and it's going to bite you on your--
he made a terrible impression for the firm lollygagging around as he did.
so i simply told frederickson i was going to have to let him go.
everywhere he goes everyone he seeks out will be known to us.
and as he follows the clues, so shall we follow the memories.
i would remember how my wife had hurt me by sleeping with another man.
and then i would look for a way to hurt her in return.
to be able to revisit those places which have meant so very much to us.
i thought it was more that we were haunted by them.
imagine the torment of such an existence no experiences to call your own.
if it was all you knew maybe it would be a comfort.
- i know this is gonna sound crazy but what if we never knew each other before now?
what if the first time we ever met was last night in your-- in our apartment and everything you remember and everything that i'm supposed to remember never really happened?
but we do not have much time and i cannot afford the luxury of doing this the right way.
everything you need to know all the answers are in this syringe.
will a man, given the history of a killer, continue in that vein?
or are we, in fact, more than the mere sum of our memories?
it is our capacity for individuality our souls that makes us different from them.
they think they can find the human soul if they understand how our memories work.
when they first brought us here, they extracted what was in us.
so they could store the information remix it like so much paint and give us back new memories of their choosing.
their civilization was in decline, and so they abandoned their world, seeking a cure for their own mortality.
their endless journey brought them to a small, blue world... in the farthest corner of the galaxy.
the truth is, john has been coming to see me... for quite some time.
he had been grappling with feelings of betrayal... stemming from your marital difficulties.
i understand how difficult this must be for you, but for john's sake,
i would like you to think of me as your friend, emma.
i've known eddie a long time, and he's a good cop.
whatever kind of cop walenski once was... he let drift a long time ago.
i wanted to know if i had it in me to do those things.
maybe i have lost my mind, but whoever i am, i'm still me, and i'm not a killer.
i can't seem to remember if it's main street west... or the crosstown.
i'm sorry, lnspector, i cannot be of more assistance, but i am running late for an appointment.
see, i've been trying to remember things-- clearly remember things from my past.
but the more i try to think back, the more it all starts to unravel.
what if the first time we met was last night in our apartment?
and everything you remember, and everything i'm supposed to remember never really happened.
all the answers you've been looking for, i swear to you.
guess i'll hold on to it for safekeeping, if you don't mind.
when they want to study a murderer, for instance, they simply imprint one of their citizens with a new personality.
arrange a family for him, friends, an entire history... even a lost wallet.
or are we, in fact, more than the sum of our memories?
this business of you being a killer was a sad coincidence.
that is how they change things, how they built this city.
they have machines buried beneath the surface... that allow them to focus their telepathic energies.
i wanted to know if i had it in me to do those things.
maybe i have lost my mind, but whoever i am, i'm still me and i'm not a killer.
that's why you keep changing people and things around every night.
maybe you have finally found what you are looking for... and it's going to bite you on your..
everywhere he goes... everyone he seeks out will be known to us.
and as he follows the clues, so shall we follow the memories.
instincts are irrational, mr. wall... and we must follow where they lead, yes.
mr. sleep suggests he may go to places familiar... his job.
to be able to revisit those places which have meant so very much to us.
i thought it was more that we were haunted by them.
imagine the torment of such an existence... no experiences to call your own.
if it was all you knew... maybe it would be a comfort.
we fashioned this city on stolen memories... different eras, different pasts all rolled into one.
each night, we revise it, refine it... in order to learn.
what if the first time we ever met... was last night in your..
in our apartment... and everything you remember... and everything that i'm supposed to remember never really happened?
but we do not have much time... and i cannot afford the luxury of doing this the right way.
everything you need to know... all the answers are in this syringe.
will a man, given the history of a killer, continue in that vein?
or are we, in fact, more than the mere sum of our memories?
it is our capacity for individuality... our souls that makes us different from them.
they think they can find the human soul... if they understand how our memories work.
when they first brought us here, they extracted what was in us.
so they could store the information, remix it like so much paint... and give us back new memories of their choosing.
john has been coming to see me for quite some time.
he had been grappling with feelings of betrayal... stemming from your marital difficulties.
i wanted to know if i had it in me to do those things.
maybe i have lost my mind, but whoever i am, i'm still me and i'm not a killer.
i can't seem to remember... if it's main street west or the cross-town.
i'm sorry, inspector, i cannot be of more assistance... but i am running late for an appointment.
see, i've been trying to remember things... clearly remember things from my past.
but the more i try to think back, the more it all starts to unravel.
he made a terrible impression for the firm... lollygagging around as he did.
so i simply told frederickson i was going to have to let him go.
everywhere he goes... everyone he seeks out will be known to us.
and as he follows the clues, so shall we follow the memories.
but imagine a life... alien to yours... in which your memories were not your own... but those shared by every other of your kind.
imagine the torment of such an existence... no experiences to call your own.
i know this is gonna sound crazy... but what if we never knew each other before now?
what if the first time we ever met... was last night in your...
will a man, given the history of a killer, continue in that vein?
or are we, in fact, more than the mere sum of our memories?
it is our capacity for individuality... our souls that makes us different from them.
they think they can find the human soul... if they understand how our memories work.
when they first brought us here, they extracted what was in us.
so they could store the information, remix it like so much paint... and give us back new memories of their choosing.
- and you especially - can love and desire me as you do.
i am not talking about my shaky health, but your future, or what you give me and hope for a return.
i think about you, every second of the day, with tenderness, hope and desire.
sometimes with all these, and sometimes with nothing but guilt for taking advantage of you.
it's as if i almost had something, but it slipped away.
you can always do better, but it's good as it is.
i don't want to hurt you but i can't lie to you.
i'm not sure i want... to live with you right away.
they took away the checkbook, so i have to pay in cash or they cut the line.
the last time i saw him, he dropped me off at the train station.
the only way to avoid seven years' bad luck is to keep usin' it.
you know, i think i might just start to wear lipstick.
whenever you say you've to laugh at me, i know you're not laughing.
and i've to say i have to laugh at you, rose mundy.
christina will sob and lament in the middle of the night.
i don't think i could go through another winter like that.
harvesttime in africa- we celebrate the festival of the new yam... and the festival of the sweet casava.
they're both dedicated to obi, the great goddess of the earth.
you take the lower side down as far as the main road.
kate, you go to the old well and search all around there.
years later i learned that they ended as shadows on the streets of london... scraping a living together, dying alone.
my uncle jack lasted as long as he could... believing to the end in the earth and the stars.
through it all, aunt maggie tried to keep the house going.
she tried to pretend that nothin' had happened... but the family had changed.
but the memory of that summer is like a dream to me... a dream of music that is both heard and imagined... that seems to be both itself and its own echo.
when i remember it, i think of it as dancing... dancing as if language had surrendered to movement... dancing as if language no longer existed... because words were no longer necessary.
then my mother's brother, my uncle jack... came home from africa for the first time in 25 years.
he was the oldest of the family, and the only boy.
this is the month of august, the feast of our lady's assumption into heaven.
a goddess, rising through the sky and the stars... in search for her dear son.
christina will sob and lament in the middle of the night.
i don't think i could go through another winter like that.
harvesttime in africa... we celebrate the festival of the new yam... and the festival of the sweet casava.
they're both dedicated to obi, the great goddess of the earth.
you take the lower side down as far as the main road.
kate, you go to the old well and search all around there.
when i remember it, i think of it as dancing... dancing as if language had surrendered to movement... dancing as if language no longer existed... because words were no longer necessary.
when i cast my mind back to that summer of 1936... different kinds of memories offer themselves to me.
the only way to avoid seven years' bad luck is to keep usin' it.
you know, i think i might just start to wear lipstick.
whenever you say you've to laugh at me, i know you're not laughing.
and i've to say i have to laugh at you, rose mundy.
christina will sob and lament in the middle of the night.
i don't think i could go through another winter like that.
harvesttime in africa- we celebrate the festival of the new yam... and the festival of the sweet casava.
they're both dedicated to obi, the great goddess of the earth.
you take the lower side down as far as the main road.
kate, you go to the old well and search all around there.
years later i learned that they ended as shadows on the streets of london... scraping a living together, dying alone.
my uncle jack lasted as long as he could... believing to the end in the earth and the stars.
through it all, aunt maggie tried to keep the house going.
she tried to pretend that nothin' had happened... but the family had changed.
but the memory of that summer is like a dream to me... a dream of music that is both heard and imagined... that seems to be both itself and its own echo.
when i remember it, i think of it as dancing... dancing as if language had surrendered to movement... dancing as if language no longer existed... because words were no longer necessary.
moses, you will never have to carry a burden... like the crown i will pass to rameses.
he must not allow himself to be led astray, not even by you, my son.
you will show the proper respect for a prince of egypt.
but i am showing you all the respect you deserve-- none !
in fact, moses, when did you start caring about slaves ?
was it when you found out that you were one of us ?
moses, you will never have to carry a burden... like the crown i will pass to rameses.
he must not allow himself to be led astray, not even by you, my son.
you will show the proper respect for a prince of egypt.
but i am showing you all the respect you deserve-- none!
- my children, let us give thanks for this bountiful food.
and let us also give thanks for the presence... of this brave, young man whom we honor here tonight.
moses, you will never have to carry a burden... like the crown i will pass to rameses.
he must not allow himself to be led astray, not even by you, my son.
you will show the proper respect for a prince of egypt.
but i am showing you all the respect you deserve-- none !
- * every spell and gesture * - * tells you who's the best *
[ both ] * you're playing with the big boys now *
[ growing louder ] * i send a pestilence, a plague *
- * into your house, into your bed * - [ woman gasping ]
* once i thought the chance to make you laugh *
- [ thunder crashing ] - * was all i ever wanted *
[ rameses ] * then let my heart be hardened *
* and never mind how high the cost may grow *
- * when you believe * - * when you believe *
* though hope is frail * * lt's hard to kill, mmm *
- [ chorus ] * there can be miracles * - * miracles *
- * when you believe * - * ohh, when you believe, hey-ey-ey *
- * though hope is frail * - * hope is frail *
- * lt's hard to kill * - * hard to kill, oh, yeah *
- * i will get there * - * i will get there *
- * i will get there somehow * - * somehow *
- * oooh, get there * - * get there *
- * ohhhh * - * i will get there *
moses, you will never have to carry a burden... like the crown i will pass to rameses.
he must not allow himself to be led astray, not even by you, my son.
you will show the proper respect for a prince of egypt.
but i am showing you all the respect you deserve- none!
- my children, let us give thanks for this bountiful food.
and let us also give thanks for the presence... of this brave, young man whom we honor here tonight.
- # there can be miracles # - # miracles #
- # when you believe # - # ohh, when you believe, hey-ey-ey #
- # though hope is frail # - # hope is frail #
- # it's hard to kill # - # hard to kill, oh, yeah #
- # i won't fall # - # get there #
- # i will do this # - # get there #
- # cross that river # - # cross that river #
- # nothin's stoppin' me now # - # no-o-o-o-o #
- # nothin's stoppin' me now # - # no matter what #
- # i will get through the night # - # i'll get through the night #
[ chuckling ] are you going to let her talk to you like that ?
you will show the proper respect for a prince of egypt.
* playing with the big boys playing with the big boys *
* playing with the big boys playing with the big boys *
[ rameses ] * then let my heart be hardened *
* and never mind how high the cost may grow *
[ chuckling ] are you going to let her talk to you like that ?
you will show the proper respect for a prince of egypt.
- [ jethro ] my children, let us give thanks for this bountiful food.
and let us also give thanks for the presence... of this brave, young man whom we honor here tonight.
- * of a new and brighter birth * - [ bleating ]
* so how do you measure the worth of a man *
i have seen the oppression of my people in egypt... and have heard their cry.
- [ man screams ] - [ moses ] stop it !
* playing with the big boys playing with the big boys *
* playing with the big boys playing with the big boys *
in fact, moses, when did you start caring about slaves ?
was it when you found out that you were one of us ?
- [ thunder crashing ] - * was all i ever wanted *
[ chorus ] * i send the thunder from the sky *
[ chorus ] * i send my scourge i send my sword *
- [ moses ] * let my people go * - [ chorus ] * thus saith the lord *
[ chorus ] * i sent the swarm i sent the horde *
[ rameses ] * then let my heart be hardened *
* can't see the way to get through the rain *
- * hold still * - * reveal your voice *
- * when you believe * - * ohh, when you believe, hey-ey-ey *
- * though hope is frail * - * hope is frail *
- * somehow you will * - * somehow, somehow, somehow *
- * and now you will * - * now, now, now, ohhh-ohh-ohh *
- * i won't fall * - * get there *
- * i will do this * - * get there *
- * cross that river * - * cross that river *
- * nothin's stoppin' me now * - * no-o-o-o-o *
- * nothin's stoppin' me now * - * no matter what *
- * i will get through the night * - * i'll get through the night *
are you going to let her talk to you like that?
you will show the proper respect for a prince of egypt.
i pardon forever all crimes of which he stands accused... and will have it known that he is... our brother moses, the prince of egypt.
rameses, in my heart, you are my brother, but things cannot be as they were.
i remember the time you... switched the heads of the gods of the temple of ra.
if i recall correctly, you were there switching heads right along with me.
# can't see the way to get through the rain #
- # hold still # - # reveal your voice #
- # when you believe # - # ohh, when you believe, hey-ey-ey #
- # though hope is frail # - # hope is frail #
- # somehow you will # - # somehow, somehow, somehow #
- # and now you will # - # now, now, now, ohhh-ohh-ohh #
- # i will get there # - # i will get there #
- # i will get there somehow # - # somehow #
- # oooh, get there # - # get there #
- # ohhhh # - # i will get there #
you will show the proper respect for a prince of egypt.
but i am showing you all the respect you deserve-- none !
- [ jethro ] my children, let us give thanks for this bountiful food.
and let us also give thanks for the presence... of this brave, young man whom we honor here tonight.
- * of a new and brighter birth * - [ bleating ]
* so how do you measure the worth of a man *
i have seen the oppression of my people in egypt... and have heard their cry.
- [ man screams ] - [ moses ] stop it !
* playing with the big boys playing with the big boys *
* playing with the big boys playing with the big boys *
in fact, moses, when did you start caring about slaves ?
was it when you found out that you were one of us ?
- [ thunder crashing ] - * was all i ever wanted *
[ chorus ] * i send the thunder from the sky *
[ chorus ] * i send my scourge i send my sword *
- [ moses ] * let my people go * - [ chorus ] * thus saith the lord *
[ chorus ] * i sent the swarm i sent the horde *
[ rameses ] * then let my heart be hardened *
* can't see the way to get through the rain *
- * hold still * - * reveal your voice *
- * when you believe * - * ohh, when you believe, hey-ey-ey *
- * though hope is frail * - * hope is frail *
- * somehow you will * - * somehow, somehow, somehow *
- * and now you will * - * now, now, now, ohhh-ohh-ohh *
i pardon forever all crimes of which he stands accused... and will have it known that he is... our brother moses, the prince of egypt.
rameses, in my heart, you are my brother, but things cannot be as they were.
i remember the time you... switched the heads of the gods of the temple of ra.
if i recall correctly, you were there switching heads right along with me.
♪ can't see the way to get through the rain ♪
- ♪ hold still ♪ - ♪ reveal your voice ♪
- ♪ when you believe ♪ - ♪ ohh, when you believe, hey-ey-ey ♪
- ♪ though hope is frail ♪ - ♪ hope is frail ♪
- ♪ somehow you will ♪ - ♪ somehow, somehow, somehow ♪
- ♪ and now you will ♪ - ♪ now, now, now, ohhh-ohh-ohh ♪
- ♪ i won't fall ♪ - ♪ get there ♪
- ♪ i will do this ♪ - ♪ get there ♪
- ♪ nothin's stoppin'me now ♪ - ♪ no matter what ♪
- ♪ i will get through the night ♪ - ♪ i'll get through the night ♪
you will show the proper respect for a prince of egypt.
but i am showing you all the respect you deserve- none!
- my children, let us give thanks for this bountiful food.
and let us also give thanks for the presence... of this brave, young man whom we honor here tonight.
i remember the time you... switched the heads of the gods of the temple of ra.
if i recall correctly, you were there switching heads right along with me.
# can't see the way to get through the rain #
- # hold still # - # reveal your voice #
- # when you believe # - # ohh, when you believe, hey-ey-ey #
- # though hope is frail # - # hope is frail #
- # somehow you will # - # somehow, somehow, somehow #
- # and now you will # - # now, now, now, ohhh-ohh-ohh #
- # i will get there # - # i will get there #
- # i will get there somehow # - # somehow #
- # oooh, get there # - # get there #
- # ohhhh # - # i will get there #
you will show the proper respect for a prince of egypt.
but i am showing you all the respect you deserve - none!
- (jethro) my children, let us give thanks for this bountiful food.
and let us also give thanks for the presence of this brave, young man whom we honour here tonight.
- # just to show we feel no spite - # you can be our acolyte
- # but first, boy it's time to bow - # (priests) kowtow
# or it's your own grave you'll dig, boy, you're playing with the big boys
# playing with the big boys, playing with the big boys
# i send a pestilence, a plague # into your house, into your bed, into your streets # into your drink, into your bread
# upon your cattle, on your sheep, upon your oxen in your field # into your dreams, into your sleep until you break until you yield
(moses) # and even now i wish that god had chose another
# serving as your foe on his behalf is the last thing that i wanted
# all this pain and devastation how it tortures me inside
# all the innocent who suffer from your stubbornness and pride
(chorus) # i send the locusts on the wind such as the world has never seen
# on every leaf on every stalk until there's nothing left of green
single-handedly, you will bring the greatest kingdom on earth to ruin.
tell me this, moses - why is it that every time you start something,
are you going to let her talk to you like that?
you will show the proper respect for a prince of egypt.
- my children, let us give thanks for this bountiful food.
and let us also give thanks for the presence of this brave, young man whom we honour here tonight.
a lake of gold in the desert sand is less than a cool, fresh spring
and to one lost sheep a shepherd boy is greater than the richest king
i have been a slave...all my life, and god has never answered my prayers until now.
god saved you from the river, he saved you in all your wanderings, and even now, he saves you from the wrath of pharaoh.
i send a pestilence, a plague into your house, into your bed, into your streets into your drink, into your bread
upon your cattle, on your sheep, upon your oxen in your field into your dreams, into your sleep until you break until you yield
i send the locusts on the wind such as the world has never seen
on every leaf on every stalk until there's nothing left of green
i remember the time you... switched the heads of the gods of the temple of ra.
if i recall correctly, you were there switching heads right along with me.
moses, you will never have to carry a burden... like the crown i will pass to rameses.
he must not allow himself to be led astray, not even by you, my son.
you will show the proper respect for a prince of egypt.
but i am showing you all the respect you deserve- none!
- my children, let us give thanks for this bountiful food.
and let us also give thanks for the presence... of this brave, young man whom we honor here tonight.
- # there can be miracles # - # miracles #
- # when you believe # - # ohh, when you believe, hey-ey-ey #
- # though hope is frail # - # hope is frail #
- # it's hard to kill # - # hard to kill, oh, yeah #
- # i won't fall # - # get there #
- # i will do this # - # get there #
- # cross that river # - # cross that river #
- # nothin's stoppin' me now # - # no-o-o-o-o #
- # nothin's stoppin' me now # - # no matter what #
- # i will get through the night # - # i'll get through the night #
* but this chance that you may live * * l pray we'll meet again *
- * lf he will deliver us * - * deliver us *
moses, you will never have to carry a burden... like the crown i will pass to rameses.
he must not allow himself to be led astray, not even by you, my son.
are you going to let her talk to you like that?
you will show the proper respect for a prince of egypt.
- my children, let us give thanks for this bountiful food.
and let us also give thanks for the presence... of this brave, young man whom we honor here tonight.
* can never see its purpose * * ln a pattern of the grand design *
* and the stone that sits on the very top *
* a lake of gold in the desert sand * * ls less than a cool, fresh spring *
* and to one lost sheep a shepherd boy * * ls greater than the richest king *
i pardon forever all crimes of which he stands accused... and will have it known that he is... our brother moses, the prince of egypt.
rameses, in my heart, you are my brother, but things cannot be as they were.
* so you think you've got friends * * ln high places *
* with the power to put us on the run *
rameses, please, you must listen- l will not be the weak link!
tell your people as of today... their workload has been doubled, thanks to your god.
- * since you refuse to free my people * - * since you refuse *
* all through the land of egypt * * l send a pestilence, a plague * * into your house, into your bed *
* upon your oxen in your field * * into your dreams, into your sleep *
* until you break until you yield * * l send the swarm * * l send the horde thus saith the lord *
* was all i ever wanted * * l send the thunder from the sky * * l send the fire raining down *
* and even now i wish that god had chose another *
* serving as your foe on his behalf * * ls the last thing *
- * that i wanted * - * l send a hail of burning ice *
for tonight... i shall pass through the land of egypt... and smite all the firstborn.
but when i see the blood upon your door... i will pass over you,
- * when you believe * - * when you believe *
* though hope is frail * * lt's hard to kill, mmm *
- * there can be miracles * - * miracles *
- * when you believe * - * ohh, when you believe, hey-ey-ey *
- * though hope is frail * - * hope is frail *
- * lt's hard to kill * - * hard to kill, oh, yeah *
- * l will get there somehow * - * somehow *
* cross that river * * l'll cross that river for you *
- * ohhhh * - * l will get there * * l will get there *
- * nothin's stoppin' me now * - * no matter what *
♪ yal-di ha-tov veh ha-rach " my good and tender son don't be frightened
♪ al ti-ra veh al tif-cha-d " and don't be scared
are you going to let her talk to you like that?
you will show the proper respect for a prince of egypt.
i remember the time you... switched the heads of the gods of the temple of ra.
if i recall correctly, you were there switching heads right along with me.
♪ a-shi-ra i'a-don-ai ki ga-oh ga-ah " i will sing to the lord, for he has triumphed gloriously
♪ a-shi-ra i'a-don-ai ki ga-oh ga-ah " i will sing to the lord, for he has triumphed gloriously
♪ mi-cha-mo-cha ba-elim adonai " who is like you, oh lord, among the celestial
♪ mi-ka-mo-cha ne-dar ba-ko-desh " who is like you, majestic in holiness
j with the salt of my sweat j j on my brow j j elohim, god on high j j can you hear your people cry j j help us now j j this dark hour j j deliver us j
j hear our call deliver us j j lord of all remember us j j here in this burning sand j j deliver us j j there's a land you promised us j j deliver us to the promised land j
[ men shouting ln distance ] j yal-di ha-tov veh ha-rach j
j al ti-ra veh al tif-cha-d j j my son i have nothing i can give j j but this chance that you may live j j l pray we'll meet again j
[ whining ] j hush now, my baby j j be still, love don't cry j j sleep as you're rocked j j by the stream j j sleep and remember j j my last lullaby j
j so i'll be with you j j when you dream j
moses, you will never have to carry a burden... like the crown i will pass to rameses.
he must not allow himself to be led astray, not even by you, my son.
[ chuckling ] are you going to let her talk to you like that ?
you will show the proper respect for a prince of egypt.
j sleep as you're rocked j j by the stream j
j sleep and remember j j my last lullaby j j so i'll be with you j j when you dream jj
[ moses ] j gleaming in the moonlight j [ panting ] j cool and clean and all i've ever known j j all i ever wanted j
j sweet perfumes of incense j j and graceful rooms of alabaster stone j j all i ever wanted j j this is my home j j with my father mother, brother j j oh, so noble oh, so strong j
j now i am home j j here among my trappings and belongings j j l belong j
- j and if anybody doubts it j - [ whimpering ] j they couldn't be more wrong j j l am a sovereign prince of egypt j j a son of the proud history that's shown j j etched on every wall j
- [ jethro ] my children, let us give thanks for this bountiful food.
and let us also give thanks for the presence... of this brave, young man whom we honor here tonight.
j a single thread in a tapestry j j though its color brightly shine j j can never see its purpose j j ln a pattern of the grand design j
j and the stone that sits on the very top j j of the mountain's mighty face j j does it think it's more important j j than the stones that form the base j j so how can you see what your life is worth j
j or where your value lies j j you can never see through the eyes of man j j you must look at your life j j look at your life through heaven's eyes j
[ crowd ] j la-la-la-la-la-la-la la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la j j la, la-la-la-la-la-la j j la-la-la-la-la-la j
j lf a man lose everything he owns j j has he truly lost his worth j j or is it the beginning j
- j of a new and brighter birth j - [ bleating ] j so how do you measure the worth of a man j j ln wealth or strength or size j j ln how much he gained or how much he gave j
j the answer will come j j the answer will come to him who tries j j to look at his life through heaven's eyes j j and that's why we share all we have with you j j though there's little to be found j
j when all you've got is nothing j j there's a lot to go around j
j no life can escape being blown about j j by the winds of change and chance j
- j and though you never know all the steps j
- j you must learn to join the dance j j you must learn to join the dance j
[ crowd ] j la-la-la lee-lai-lai-lai j j lai-lai-lai-lai lai-lai-lai-lai j j lai-lai-lai-lai, lee-lai-lai lai-lai-lai-lai, lai-lai-lai j j lai-lai-lai-lai, lee-lai-lai, lai-lai-lai-lai, lai-lai-lai j j lai-lai-lai-lai, lee-lai-lai lai-lai-lai-lai-lai-lai-lai j j lai-lai-lai-lai, lee-lai-lai lai-lai-lai-lai, lai-lai-lai j
j lai-lai-lai-lai, lee-lai-lai lai-lai-lai-lai-lai j j so how do you judge what a man is worth j j by what he builds or buys j j you can never see with your eyes on earth j j look through heaven's eyes j
j look at your life j j look at your life j j look at your life through heaven's j j eyes jj jj [ drumming ]
[ both ] j you're playing with the big boys now j j you're playing with the big boys now j
- j you're playing with the big boys now j - [ chanting ] j stop this foolish mission j j watch a true magician j j give an exhibition how j
- [ priests ] j by the power of ra j j mut, nut j j khnum, ptah j j sobek, sekhmet sokar, selket j j anubis, anukis, hemsut tefnut, meshkent, mafdet j
j you're playing with the big boys now j j you're playing with the big boys now j j by the might of horus you will kneel before us j j kneel to our splendorous power j
- j you put up a front j - j you put up a fight j j and just to show we feel no spite j j you can be our acolyte j
- j but first, boy it's time to bow j - [ priests ] j kowtow j j or it's your own grave you'll dig, boy j j you're playing with the big boys j
[ chorus ln whisper ] j thus saith the lord j j since you refuse to free my people j
- j since you refuse to free my people j - j since you refuse j j all through the land of egypt j
[ growing louder ] j l send a pestilence, a plague j
- j into your house, into your bed j - [ woman gasping ]
- j into your dreams, into your sleep j - [ gasping ] j until you break until you yield j
- [ guards screaming ] - j l send the swarm j j l send the horde thus saith the lord j
[ moses ] j once i called you brother j j once i thought the chance to make you laugh j
- [ thunder crashing ] - j was all i ever wanted j
[ chorus ] j l send the thunder from the sky j j l send the fire raining down j
[ moses ] j and even now i wish that god had chose another j j serving as your foe on his behalf j j ls the last thing j
- j that i wanted j - [ chorus ] j l send a hail of burning ice j j on every field on every town j
[ moses ] j this was my home j j all this pain and devastation how it tortures me inside j j all the innocent who suffer j j from your stubbornness j
- j and pride j - [ chorus ] j l send the locusts on the wind j j such as the world has never seen j j on every leaf on every stalk j j until there's nothing left of green j
j l send my scourge i send my sword j j thus saith the lord j
[ moses ] j you who i called brother j j why must you call down another blow j
[ chorus ] j l send my scourge i send my sword j
[ rameses ] j you who i called brother j j how could you have come to hate me so j j ls this what you wanted j
[ chorus ] j l sent the swarm i sent the horde j
i remember the time you... switched the heads of the gods of the temple of ra.
[ sighs ] lf l recall correctly, you were there switching heads right along with me.
"take a lamb... and with its blood... mark the lintel and posts of every door,
for tonight... i shall pass through the land of egypt... and smite all the firstborn.
j we were moving mountains j j long before we knew we could j j there can be miracles j j when you believe j j though hope is frail j j lt's hard to kill j
j who knows what miracles j j you can achieve j j when you believe j j somehow you will j j you will when you j j believe j
j ln this time of fear j j when prayers so often proved in vain j j hope seemed like the summer birds j j too swiftly flown away j
- j yet now i'm standing here j - j now i'm standing here j j with heart so full i can't explain j
[ both ] j seeking faith and speaking words j j l never thought i'd say j j there can be miracles j
- j when you believe j - j when you believe j j though hope is frail j
- j lt's hard to kill j - j lt's hard to kill j j who knows what miracles j
- j you can achieve j - j you can achieve j j when you believe j j somehow you will j j you will when you believe j
[ child ] j a-shi-ra i'a-don-ai j j ki ga-oh ga-ah j j a-shi-ra i'a-don-ai j j ki ga-oh ga-ah j j mi-cha-mo-cha ba-elim adonai j
- j mi-ka-mo-cha j - [ sheep bleating ] j ne-dar ba-ko-desh j
[ children joining ln ] j na-chi-tah v'-chas-d'-cha j j am zu ga-al-ta j j na-chi-tah v'-chas-d'-cha j
- [ children cheering, laughing ] - j am zu ga-al-ta j j a-shi-ra, a-shi-ra a-shi-ra j
[ tempo accelerates ] j a-shi-ra i'a-don-ai ki ga-oh ga-ah j j a-shi-ra i'a-don-ai ki ga-oh ga-ah j j mi-cha-mo-cha ba-elim adonai j j mi-ka-mo-cha ne-dar ba-ko-desh j j na-chi-tah v'-chas-d'-cha am zu ga-al-ta j
j na-chi-tah v'-chas-d'-cha am zu ga-al-ta j j a-shi-ra, a-shi-ra j j a-shi-ra j
[ chorus ] j there can be miracles j j when you believe j j though hope is frail j
- j lt's hard to kill j - [ miriam ] j lt's hard to kill j j who knows what miracles j
j many nights we prayed j j with no proof anyone could hear j j ln our hearts a hopeful song j j we barely understood j j now we are not afraid j j although we know there's much to fear j
j we were moving mountains j j long before we knew we could j j ohhh-ohh, yes j j there can be miracles j j when you believe j j though hope is frail j j lt's hard to kill j
j who knows what miracles j j you can achieve j j when you believe j j somehow you will j j you will when you j j believe j
- j mmmm j - j oooh, yeah j j ln this time of fear j j when prayer so often proves in vain j j hope seems like the summer birds j j too swiftly flown away j j yet now i'm standing here j
j my heart's so full i can't explain j j seeking faith and speaking words j j l never thought i'd say j j there can be miracles j
- j when you believe j - j when you believe j j though hope is frail j j lt's hard to kill, mmm j j who knows what miracles j
- j you can achieve j - j you can achieve j j when you believe j j somehow you will j j you will when you j j believe j
j they don't always happen j j when you ask j j ah j j and it's easy to give in j j to your fears j
- j oooh j - j ohhh j j but when you're blinded by your pain j j can't see the way to get through the rain j
- j hold still j - j reveal your voice j j says help is very near ohhh j
- [ chorus ] j there can be miracles j - j miracles j
- j when you believe j - j ohh, when you believe, hey-ey-ey j
- j though hope is frail j - j hope is frail j
- j lt's hard to kill j - j hard to kill, oh, yeah j j who knows what miracles j
- j somehow you will j - j somehow, somehow, somehow j
- j and now you will j - j now, now, now, ohhh-ohh-ohh j j you will when you j
- j ohhh-ohh-ohh j - j you will j j and honey, honey, honey j
- j just believe j - j you will when you j j believe jj
- j l'll stand tall j - j stand tall j j and i swear this time j
- j l won't fall j - j get there j
- j l will do this j - j get there j j no matter what it takes j j 'cause i know no limitations j j and i'll reach my destination j j l will get there j
j l will get there j j l will get there j j l will get there j
- j nothin's stoppin' me now j - j no-o-o-o-o j j l will get through the night j j you know j j and make it through to the other side j
- j get there, ooh, yeah j - j get there j
- j l will get there j - j l will get there j
- j l will get there somehow j - j somehow j j cross that river j j l'll cross that river for you j
- j oooh, get there j - j get there j
- j ohhhh j - j l will get there j j l will get there j
- j nothin's stoppin' me now j - j no matter what j
- j l will get through the night j - j l'll get through the night j j and make it through to the other side j
moses, you will never have to carry a burden... like the crown i will pass to rameses.
he must not allow himself to be led astray, not even by you, my son.
you will show the proper respect for a prince of egypt.
but i am showing you all the respect you deserve-- none !
- * every spell and gesture * - * tells you who's the best *
[ both ] * you're playing with the big boys now *
[ growing louder ] * i send a pestilence, a plague *
- * into your house, into your bed * - [ woman gasping ]
* once i thought the chance to make you laugh *
- [ thunder crashing ] - * was all i ever wanted *
[ rameses ] * then let my heart be hardened *
* and never mind how high the cost may grow *
- * when you believe * - * when you believe *
* though hope is frail * * lt's hard to kill, mmm *
- [ chorus ] * there can be miracles * - * miracles *
- * when you believe * - * ohh, when you believe, hey-ey-ey *
- * though hope is frail * - * hope is frail *
- * lt's hard to kill * - * hard to kill, oh, yeah *
- * i will get there * - * i will get there *
- * i will get there somehow * - * somehow *
- * oooh, get there * - * get there *
- * ohhhh * - * i will get there *
are you going to let her talk to you like that?
you will show the proper respect for a prince of egypt.
- my children, let us give thanks for this bountiful food.
and let us also give thanks for the presence... of this brave, young man whom we honor here tonight.
# playing with the big boys playing with the big boys #
#playing with the big boys playing with the big boys ##
i remember the time you... switched the heads of the gods of the temple of ra.
if i recall correctly, you were there switching heads right along with me.
are you going to let her talk to you like that?
you will show the proper respect for a prince of egypt.
- (jethro) my children, let us give thanks for this bountiful food.
and let us also give thanks for the presence of this brave, young man whom we honour here tonight.
- # just to show we feel no spite - # you can be our acolyte
- # but first, boy it's time to bow - # (priests) kowtow
# or it's your own grave you'll dig, boy, you're playing with the big boys
# playing with the big boys, playing with the big boys
i have been a slave...all my life, and god has never answered my prayers until now.
god saved you from the river, he saved you in all your wanderings, and even now, he saves you from the wrath of pharaoh.
(chorus) # i send the thunder from the sky, i send the fire raining down
(moses) # and even now i wish that god had chose another
# serving as your foe on his behalf is the last thing that i wanted
(chorus) # i send a hail of burning ice on every field, on every town
# all the innocent who suffer from your stubbornness and pride
(chorus) # i send the locusts on the wind such as the world has never seen
a piece of paper does not make us man and wife.
we had more than a piece of paper between the two of us.
enough for him to pay off his loan and get out of town.
and as i was leaving the hotel, i ran into mac coming in.
and my recommendation for law school, that was prior to our relationship.
there was absolutely no impact to the good order and discipline of my command.
i'm simply trying to get all the facts out, your honour.
this court will recess until 1000 hours tomorrow morning at which time, i'll hold an article 39 alpha session to hear arguments for separate trials.
maybe your tactics work in the australian navy, but i don't think much of them here.
perhaps the admiral would like my tactics better, if they were in major mackenzie's favour?
sir, the defence counsel is eliciting testimony which is unduly prejudicial to my client.
i'm simply trying to get all the facts out, your honour.
is there any doubt in your mind, sir, that christopher ragle intended to shoot colonel farrow?
if she didn't grab the gun, he'd be dead by now.
have you ever been tempted to go over the edge and hurt someone?
do you think violence is overrated, or should we all be wearing protection?
we should be able to live together without killing each other.
but we've returned to the middle ages, and we're all behaving like animals.
[erin] well, we need to have people talk to one another.
problem solving through an open and active dialogue on the issues confronting us all.
when i was nine years old, i buried three of my uncles.
when my father took a bullet, i became head of this family.
walk around the block a few times, and i promise i'll give you a freebie later.
if i wasn't a cop, i'd take you up on that.
and as far as anybody knows, lucas doesn't know about sloan,
so he can head up the investigation until i get back.
we commend to your tender care those who mourn the loss of loved ones
give them the peace that passes all understanding... and make them to know that... neither death nor life can separate them from your love
that girl is just like this city... a bunch of flashes and inside nothing
gotta finish everything as soon as possible and get the hell out of here
she had to go to a designated store to buy ice-cream... and give to the chairman of ricci hall association
she's not allowed to take a ride but to walk back up
this place is pretty cool so this is a mini hall?
yeah, it meets the hong kong housing department specifications 35 square feet per head
every time i go up to see it, it's not ready
well, now the whole building's erected... there's no sewer pipes toilet pipes or water pipes... whole building no pipes!
i think this looks like the one outside ho tung hall
it really looks like it... the pillar box where i sent you letters everyday
in an hour's time, hong kong will return to chinese sovereignty
there'll be a fireworks display, the largest ever, in victoria harbor
hong kong should have its own separate trading and financial system...
the establishment of the hong kong special administrative region... is a celebrated event for the chinese nation...
give them the peace that passes all understanding... and make them to know that... neither death nor life can separate them from your love
we have entrusted raphael and vivien to god's merciful keeping... and we now commit their bodies to be cremated
this place is pretty cool so this is a mini hall?
yeah, it meets the hong kong housing department specifications 35 square feet per head
shut up in your hostel all day, you don't know it's tough outside
one stamp short and the letter can't get out of the fragrant harbor
don't know yet got to look down from a plane... to see which is the best location
why don't we go and learn to fly a plane together?
every time i go up to see it, it's not ready
well, now the whole building's erected... there's no sewer pipes toilet pipes or water pipes... whole building no pipes!
from now on, you needn't call him furtively behind my back
and you needn't find excuses yearly not to spend your birthday with me
put it another way, you can't say you don't love ping ching
how come a person can love 2 people at the same time?
you're such a nice guy, too bad i don't love you
please stop talking... and concentrate on flying i'm really very scared
please leave your number and i'll call you back when i return
we've made it look so nice, and we have to leave
there'll be a fireworks display, the largest ever, in victoria harbor
many citizens have come to the waterfront to take up vantage points since noon... making both sides of the harbor overcrowded with spectators
we commend to your tender care those who mourn the loss of loved ones
give them the peace that passes all understanding... and make them to know that... neither death nor life can separate them from your love
that girl is just like this city... a bunch of flashes and inside nothing
gotta finish everything as soon as possible and get the hell out of here
she had to go to a designated store to buy ice-cream... and give to the chairman of ricci hall association
she's not allowed to take a ride but to walk back up
this place is pretty cool so this is a mini hall?
yeah, it meets the hong kong housing department specifications 35 square feet per head
every time i go up to see it, it's not ready
well, now the whole building's erected... there's no sewer pipes toilet pipes or water pipes... whole building no pipes!
i think this looks like the one outside ho tung hall
it really looks like it... the pillar box where i sent you letters everyday
in an hour's time, hong kong will return to chinese sovereignty
there'll be a fireworks display, the largest ever, in victoria harbor
hong kong should have its own separate trading and financial system...
the establishment of the hong kong special administrative region... is a celebrated event for the chinese nation...
yeah, we could start our own game... where people throw ducks at balloons and nothing's the way it seems.
[wiggum] uh, i hate to interrupt your fun, boys... but i got a few complaints that your game is crooked.
yeah, we could start our own game... where people throw ducks at balloons and nothing's the way it seems.
[wiggum] uh, i hate to interrupt your fun, boys... but i got a few complaints that your game is crooked.
yeah, we could start our own game... where people throw ducks at balloons and nothing's the way it seems.
[wiggum] uh, i hate to interrupt your fun, boys... but i got a few complaints that your game is crooked.
yeah, we could start our own game... where people throw ducks at balloons and nothing's the way it seems.
[wiggum] uh, i hate to interrupt your fun, boys... but i got a few complaints that your game is crooked.
of the croup she died... leaving me and my mentally ill brother here... to fend for ourselves.
murdered, she was, in her bed by one of her johns.
true, but i am not afraid, latour... for with that breath i will inhale hope.
hope because i know there are others like me, latour... who will soon come, and from whom a pure light will shine... and blind the devils of this world.
'tis not alone my inky cloak, good mother... nor the customary suits of solemn black... nor the dejected 'havior of the visage... together with all forms... moods, shapes of grief... that can denote me truly.
these indeed seem... for they are actions that a man might play.
what you have just seen... ladies and gentlemen... is unprofessional behavior of an overrated... undertalented, drunken hack... named jeremy burtom.
he has blustered his way to success... on the backs of the great supporting players for too long!
how delighted we were to see your name on the passenger list.
and i was sorry to hear about the death of your husband.
do you enjoy the warmth of the mediterranean sun... on that selfsame place?
i once wrestled a man on the steps of the acropolis... when the sun was at its height... wearing only what god sent me into the world with.
i was listening to the music... and then there was no more functioning, only silence.
and when she was singing no more... i got so excited, i tried to pull it... but i scratched it, and i hurt it.
when we are dancing and you're dangerously near me i get ideas i get ideas i want to hold you so much closer than i dare to i want to scold you 'cause i care more than i care to
and when you touch me and there's fire in every finger i get ideas i get ideas
with your deaths, we will tell the world... who we are and what we fight for!
we fight to create a world where there will be no pretense.
each thing will be what it is... each man and woman will know who they are... and all will be equal.
all masks will be removed, and we will have a single face!
it's a real accomplishment that your impromptu team got this far.
however, the sad fact is, reality almost never turns out that beautiful.
why did i say it was dad's ship? shit! what's that good-for-nothing workaholic got to do with anything?
! right on! let's get going! go where? this is no time to fret over this and that.
but this is really something... it's reproduced down to the tiny scribbles.
you must have had a lot of respect for your dad.
i wonder what you'll devote your life to? dammit... what's there for someone like me to do? what are you get-ting... ...all sent-i-men-tal... ...on me for, you lit-tle squirt?
! feeling better now? what? we're going to survive. got that?
what a haul, what a haul! at the end, take a right! i gotcha...
these are all voice tubes? yeah, but... do you really think this'll work? the ball is in motion.
but how am i going to let you know? isn't this...? talk into it and i'll hear you.
i don't wanna walk into a bunch of'em in a narrow passageway.
it's too late for us to go back! you're too clean! then you should start over.
your ticket to the future is always... ...blank! he's broken past the central engineer's cabin! he's a tough bastard... he's good, but he's also got the devil's own luck.
if i win, will you stop the ship? if you want.
abnormal heating in the engine! the hull is screaming! now all we can do is bet on him! he's our only hope! i know it's rather trite, but let's start when this hits the deck.
! kaite... is there a way to stop the engines? we have to power down the system manually! where do we do that? this ship is too old! it's in engine room no.2. there's an emergency stop lever inside the control system.
you little brat! so this is how you did it! damn!
this place is like a cellar! 2,500! look! it's way over there... 2,000! this isn't working, dammit!
it won't budge! we can't get through all these pipes! 1,800! go.
now, if i'm gonna do this, i wanna earmark where my tax dollars are being spent.
aids research, and better uniforms for the army, i dunno, something with shorts.
then i closed the other eye, and he was standing next to the bench.
in front of the bench, next to the bench, in front of the bench, next to the bench.
i don't know, i just always loved to cook-- five sisters.
and it turned out great, because while i was making sunday dinner, they were out mowing the lawn.
so what you're saying is that i have the neck of a swan, and the chest of a 12-year-old boy.
hey, way to snatch an insult out of the jaws of a compliment.
and i don't even have to be thimble or the top hat or that weird shoe.
when do we get to the part where you start begging for free legal services?
he gave us a month and a half of some very good music.
i think i can fix this thing with your landlord, but, might get a little ugly.
my name is jack mcfarland, and i will be your massage therapist."
now, i want you to take off your robe, and i don't want you to feel uncomfortable.
and you and i both know you never tried to get me on the phone.
unless you want me to place a little call to the head of the real estate board, otherwise known as my friend beth, and let her know the way you did business with this naive, vulnerable, clueless artiste,
that was a ruse to get him to lower the price-- a gambit, a canard.
so what you're saying is that you didn't mean any of it.
when am i gonna have time to study the parts of the body?
so far, i only know phalanges, and that's just 'cause i like saying "phalanges."
first of all, who closes a deal at billy's topless, except maybe billy?
and second of all, don't tell me that you're gonna pull out the gay card.
yeah, well£­£­ l told you, you shouldn't force me to do it.
and by the way, how many times have i said we need more guest towels around here?
see, now why can't i have that kind of relationship with my mom?
i can't believe my mom wants to stay at a hotel.
heard you tell dad you wanted to stay at a hotel?
oh, well, it's just that there's a lot going on around here and perhaps it would be easier for you if i weren't in the way.
so, um, mom, i was thinking that maybe tomorrow we could go look at fabric together because i wanted to make some new drapes for our bedroom.
actually, i was hoping to get into the city tomorrow to see the renoir exhibit.
i think people will give up pop music and listen to this instead.
what i hear in the charts, i'm not sure if that's not happening already.
god, you should have seen him, he's just a shadow of a sheep.
if i was a sheep, i'd be watching my back right now.
they say it's as big as four cats and it's got a retractable leg so as it can leap up at you better.
and it lights up at night, ted, and it's got four ears, two are for listening and two are back-up ears, and for some reason it's got a tremendous fear of stamps!
there's one out-and-out winner and rather than waste time with a speech
i'll get on with the job of announcing the winner who, today, has come first in this competition to see who the winner is in the king of the sheep competition that we have all come to today
wondering who indeed will it be, who wins the prize of king of the sheep.
the winner of this year's king of the sheep competition is...
you manipulated those odds by sabotaging your own sheep and then staging a miraculous recovery.
you paid giant and hud to talk about the beast in front of chris.
that's punishment enough for a farmer who deals primarily with sheep.
if you'll excuse me, there's a stench in here and i need some fresh air.
ted, if chris has been disqualified, haven't you lost the heating money on the bet?
i know it's a radical step, but it's very, very cold.
god, you should have seen him, he's just a shadow of a sheep.
if i was a sheep, i'd be watching my back right now.
they say it's as big as four cats and it's got a retractable leg so as it can leap up at you better.
and it lights up at night, ted, and it's got four ears, two are for listening and two are back-up ears, and for some reason it's got a tremendous fear of stamps!
there's one out-and-out winner and rather than waste time with a speech
i'll get on with the job of announcing the winner who, today, has come first in this competition to see who the winner is in the king of the sheep competition that we have all come to today
wondering who indeed will it be, who wins the prize of king of the sheep.
the winner of this year's king of the sheep competition is...
and you used a copy of bbc sound effects volume five to add weight to those fanciful claims.
an impressionable sheep could not but be convinced by "terrible monster".
- don't be too hard on them, alan, they were simply pawns.
the real villain in this piece has yet to be revealed.
you manipulated those odds by sabotaging your own sheep and then staging a miraculous recovery.
you paid giant and hud to talk about the beast in front of chris.
if you'll excuse me, there's a stench in here and i need some fresh air.
ted, if chris has been disqualified, haven't you lost the heating money on the bet?
i think people will give up pop music and listen to this instead.
what i hear in the charts, i'm not sure if that's not happening already.
and it lights up at night, ted, and it's got four ears, two are for listening and two are back-up ears, and for some reason it's got a tremendous fear of stamps!
mrs doyle says it's got magnets so if you're made of metal it'll stick to you, and instead of a mouth it's got four arses.
i'll see if john and mary will give me my money back.
i'll come too, see if they've got sound effects volume five.
i'll get on with the job of announcing the winner who, today, has come first in this competition to see who the winner is in the king of the sheep competition that we have all come to today
wondering who indeed will it be, who wins the prize of king of the sheep.
that's punishment enough for a farmer who deals primarily with sheep.
if you'll excuse me, there's a stench in here and i need some fresh air.
ted, if chris has been disqualified, haven't you lost the heating money on the bet?
i know it's a radical step, but it's very, very cold.
sounded pretty cool in my imagination but no idea how to find it.
not only that, the more i think , creepiest becomes and now my legs are starting to hit !
if you doubt that i'm the real take a good look at me and begin to despair!
look at my red coat, lovely blonde locks and my aim 100% accurate!
i am the ninth weapon gung-ho school jigenzan-itto, rai-dei the blade!
i have nothing against you, but i want confront him in a shi-ai.
i just let it push me along leaving only my footprints behind.
if i have the air to stroke my cheek and soft grass to fall down on i do not need anything else.
it was decided that vash the stampede be designated as mankind's first human act of god.
no matter what kind of damage he causes the bernardelli insurance society will be will be uninvolved.
if you do not believe i am the real thing take a good look at me and start freaking!
observe my red coat, lovely blond locks and my 100% accurate gunmanship!
" furthermore, in a conference held the other day, it was decided that vash the stampede be designated as mankind's first human act of god."
" henceforward, no matter what kind of damage he causes the bernardelli insurance society will be will be uninvolved."
in the theatre... there's much talk about mariana's passion for dancing.
in the theatre... there's much talk about mariana's passion for men.
i have a feeling that he... is a tool of fate.
because on december 4th... at 4:44 in the afternoon... that man... could change the fate of many people...
there are eleven million people in cuba... of which 8 million... can drive some type of vehicle... 5 million of them have driving permits... 1 million of them live in havana... some 775 thousands of them work for the state... and more or less 364 are... self-employed taxi drivers.
and of all them... only i was chosen... as the most honest... the best, a model.
i have the feeling that... he is an instrument of fate.
because on december 4th... at 4:44 in the afternoon... that bicycle-taxi driver... could change the fate of many people...
the goat that breaks a drum... pays for it with its own hide.
the goat that breaks a drum... pays for it with its own hide.
cuba valdes had to bring up her son elpidio by herself.
she had him listen to music by bola de nieve... and benny more.
elpidio lives, in cuba's own terms,... waiting for things to fall on him from heaven.
but i knowthat, deep within himself,... he's waiting for a sign from cuba,... his mother.
in the theatre... there's much talk about mariana's passion for dancing.
in the theatre... there's much talk about mariana's passion for men.
i have a feeling that he... is a tool of fate.
because on december 4th... at 4:44 in the afternoon... that man... could change the fate of many people...
there are eleven million people in cuba... of which 8 million... can drive some type of vehicle... 5 million of them have driving permits... 1 million of them live in havana... some 775 thousands of them work for the state... and more or less 364 are... self-employed taxi drivers.
and of all them... only i was chosen... as the most honest... the best, a model.
i have the feeling that... he is an instrument of fate.
because on december 4th... at 4:44 in the afternoon... that bicycle-taxi driver... could change the fate of many people...
your life for help the hero, it is the big scene.
i am to be the star, i am not dream, right?
and my mother read it and felt i should go to rushmore.
and you read it, and you gave me a scholarship, didn't you ?
## met a girl, fell in love glad as i can be ##
## but i think all the time is she true to me ##
## i found out i was wrong she was just two-timing ##
## i found out i was wrong she just kept on lying ##
has it ever crossed your mind that you're far too young for me ?
it crossed my mind that you might consider that a possibility.
why can't i have a little drink to unwind myself ?
so, tell me, curly, how do you know miss cross ?
i mean, she has something that you can't put your finger on, but--
look, mr. blume, your comments are valuable, but let's get to the point.
and then i knew for sure when they went skinny-dipping in mr. blume's swimming pool,
giving each other hand jobs while you were taking a nap on the front porch.
say, can you tell me where the pool is located ?
i might want to take a dip after i have dinner and hit the bar.
then i hear-- i never dumped you because we were never going out.
it would just help me if you talked to me for a minute.
it's kind of a shame, since he's building it for you.
well, you know, i never asked anyone to build me an aquarium.
you think edward appleby would have built one for you ?
yeah, i think he would have, if he'd had the money.
## i don't know but i've been told ## [ esposito laughing ]
[ soldiers ] ## i don't know but i've been told ##
and my mother read it and felt i should go to rushmore.
and you read it, and you gave me a scholarship, didn't you?
joe, go put a dime in the meter for officer serpico.
look, serpico, if you agree to testify in open court -
dear max, i am sorry to say that i have secretly found out... that mr. blume is having an affair with miss cross.
my first suspicions came when i saw them frenching in front of her house... and then i knew for sure when they went skinny-dipping in mr. blume's swimming pool... giving each other hand jobs while you were taking a nap on the front porch.
i just came by to thank you for wrecking my life.
♪ and reds and golds and yellows were the colors of the dawn ♪
- ♪ you are forgiven ♪ - ♪ you are forgiven ♪
- ♪ you are forgiven ♪ - ♪ you are forgiven ♪
i'm, uh, sorry you couldn't make it to our little groundbreaking the other day.
it's kind of a shame since he's building it for you.
i don't usually do this, but this play means a lot to me... and i wanted to make a dedication.
so, i'll just say that this play is dedicated to the memory of my mother...
eloise fischer... and to edward appleby, a friend of a friend.
also, you'll find a pair of safety glasses and some earplugs... underneath your seats.
i told mr. calloway the other day how fortunate we are to have someone like you looking out for dirk.
i'm just trying to impart some of the experiences i've accrued to help him.
because at this moment i feel our best strategy is to keep a low profile.
the more preparation i can do, the stronger our case will be when we take it to the administration.
she resigned this morning before i even got your little snapshots so your latest attempt at sabotagehas backfired
- but she's one of the best teachers you've got how could you let her go?
- i guess if anyone here can solve that problem, -
- i'd see to it that none of you ever have to open another math book again for the rest of your lives.
dirk's a great kid, and i'm just trying to impart some of the experiences i've accrued to help him.
this has my number on it if you need to call me or need help with dirk or anything like that.
because at this moment, i feel the best strategy is to keep it low profile.
the more preparation work i can do, the stronger our case will be when we take it to the administration.
has it ever crossed your mind that you're far too young for me?
it crossed my mind that you might consider that a possibility.
i know you probably think i was born with a silver spoon in my mouth, but i'm no elitist.
i think you've got some great facilities, and i'm really looking forward to making the best of it here at grover cleveland.
i mean, she has something that you can't put your finger on, but...
look, mr. blume, your comments are valuable, but let's get to the point.
i'm, uh, sorry you couldn't make it to our little groundbreaking the other day.
it's kind of a shame, since he's building it for you.
so, i'll just say that this play is dedicated to the memory of my mother,
eloise fischer, and to edward appleby, a friend of a friend.
# met a girl, fell in love glad as i can be #
# met a girl, fell in love glad as i can be #
has it ever crossed your mind that you're far too young for me?
it crossed my mind that you might consider that a possibility.
joe, go put a dime in the meter for officer serpico.
- look, serpico, if you agree to testify in open court...
i'm just trying to figure out why you brought this gentleman to my play... and my dinner, which was invitation only.
- would you like me to pass you the creamer, doc?
i know you probably think i was born with a silver spoon in my mouth, but i'm no elitist.
i think you've got some great facilities, and i'm really looking forward to making the best of it here at grover cleveland.
my husband gave me this book... when he came to visit england when i was 13 and he went to rushmore.
so when he died, i gave it to the library here.
it's kind of a shame, since he's building it for you.
well, you know, i never asked anyone to build me an aquarium.
i don't usually do this, but this play means a lot to me, and i wanted to make a dedication.
so, i'll just say that this play is dedicated to the memory of my mother,
eloise fischer, and to edward appleby, a friend of a friend.
also, you'll find a pair of safety glasses and some earplugs... underneath your seats.
i told mr. calloway the other day how fortunate we are to have someone like you looking out for dirk.
i'm just trying to impart some of the experiences i've accrued to help him.
because at this moment i feel our best strategy is to keep a low profile.
the more preparation i can do, the stronger our case will be when we take it to the administration.
she resigned this morning before i even got your little snapshots so your latest attempt at sabotagehas backfired
- but she's one of the best teachers you've got how could you let her go?
and my mother read it and felt i should go to rushmore.
and you read it, and you gave me a scholarship, didn't you?
dirk's a great kid, and i'm just trying to impart... some of the experiences i've accrued to help him.
this has my number on it if you need to call me... or need help with dirk or anything like that.
# met a girl, fell in love glad as i can be #
# but i think all the time is she true to me #
# i found out i was wrong she was just two-timing #
# i found out i was wrong she just kept on lying #
because at this moment, i feel the best strategy is to keep it low profile.
the more preparation work i can do, the stronger our case will be...
i mean, she has something that you can't put your finger on, but...
look, mr. blume, your comments are valuable, but let's get to the point.
# walkin' with a love with a love that's all so fine #
# never could be mine no matter how i try #
dear max, i am sorry to say that i have secretly found out... that mr. blume is having an affair with miss cross.
my first suspicions came when i saw them frenching in front of her house, and then i knew for sure when they went skinny-dipping in mr. blume's swimming pool, giving each other hand jobs while you were taking a nap on the front porch.
- # you are forgiven # - # you are forgiven #
- # you are forgiven # - # you are forgiven #
- i never dumped you because we were never going out.
it would just help me if you talked to me for a minute.
it's kind of a shame, since he's building it for you.
well, you know, i never asked anyone to build me an aquarium.
i don't usually do this, but this play means a lot to me, and i wanted to make a dedication.
so, i'll just say that this play is dedicated to the memory of my mother,
eloise fischer, and to edward appleby, a friend of a friend.
also, you'll find a pair of safety glasses and some earplugs... underneath your seats.
because at this moment, i feel the best strategy is to keep it low profile.
the more preparation work i can do, the stronger our case will be...
i mean, she has something that you can't put your finger on, but...
look, mr. blume, your comments are valuable, but let's get to the point.
- i never dumped you because we were never going out.
it would just help me if you talked to me for a minute.
i'm, uh, sorry you couldn't make it to our little groundbreaking the other day.
it's kind of a shame, since he's building it for you.
so, i'll just say that this play is dedicated to the memory of my mother,
eloise fischer, and to edward appleby, a friend of a friend.
i don't want to tell you how to do your job but the fact is no matter how hard i try, i still might flunk another class
and if that means i have to stay on for a post-graduate year, then so be it.
and my mother read it and felt i should go to rushmore.
you read it and you gave me a scholarship, didn't you ?
because at this moment i feel our best strategy is to keep a low profile.
the more preparation i can do, the stronger our case will be when we take it to the administration.
after all, the son of a brain doctor doesn't need to impress anybody, does he?
- the killing has got to stop, esse it's getting too loco.
dear max, i'm sorry to say that i have secretly found out that mr. blume is having an affair with miss cross.
my first suspicions came when i saw them frenching in front of her house then i knew for sure when they went skinny dipping
she resigned this morning before i even got your little snapshots so your latest attempt at sabotage has backfired
- but she's one of the best teachers you've got how could you let her go?
and, of course, you know mr. blume i'd also like everyone to meet mr. and mrs. yang and this is margaret
i'm surprised they let him build a real campfire onstage it's clearly a safety hazard
yeah, but let's see if we dj can play something with a little more...
if,andonlyif, both sides of the numerator... is divisible by the inverse of the square root... of the two unassigned variables.
and my mother read it and felt i should go to rushmore.
and you read it, and you gave me a scholarship, didn't you?
- # you to me # - #are sweet as roses in the morning #
- #and you to me # - #are soft as summer rain #
#met a girl, fell in love glad as i can be #
#met a girl, fell in love glad as i can be #
has it ever crossed your mind that you're far too young for me?
it crossed my mind that you might consider that a possibility.
joe, go put a dime in the meter for officer serpico.
- look, serpico, if you agree to testify in open court...
my husband gave me this book... when he came to visit england when i was 13 and he went to rushmore.
so when he died, i gave it to the library here.
dearmax,iamsorrytosay that i have secretly found out... that mr. blume is having an affair with miss cross.
my first suspicions came when i saw them frenching in front of her house, and then i knew for sure when they went skinny-dipping in mr. blume's swimming pool, giving each other hand jobs while you were taking a nap on the front porch.
- # you are forgiven # - # you are forgiven #
- # you are forgiven # - # you are forgiven #
it's kind of a shame, since he's building it for you.
well, you know, i never asked anyone to build me an aquarium.
i don't usually do this, but this play means a lot to me, and i wanted to make a dedication.
so, i'll just say that this play is dedicated to the memory of my mother,
eloise fischer, and to edward appleby, a friend of a friend.
also, you'll find a pair of safety glasses and some earplugs... underneath your seats.
and my mother read it and felt i should go to rushmore.
and you read it, and you gave me a scholarship, didn't you?
dirk's a great kid, and i'm just trying to impart... some of the experiences i've accrued to help him.
this has my number on it if you need to call me... or need help with dirk or anything like that.
#met a girl, fell in love glad as i can be #
#met a girl, fell in love glad as i can be #
because at this moment, i feel the best strategy is to keep it low profile.
the more preparation work i can do, the stronger our case will be...
has it ever crossed your mind that you're far too young for me?
it crossed my mind that you might consider that a possibility.
i mean, she has something that you can't put your finger on, but...
look, mr. blume, your comments are valuable, but let's get to the point.
[young student] on the planet i come from... the sun only comes out once a year.
- [knocking] - #from a tiny piece of colored glass #
i'm, uh, sorry you couldn't make it to our little groundbreaking the other day.
it's kind of a shame, since he's building it for you.
so, i'll just say that this play is dedicated to the memory of my mother,
eloise fischer, and to edward appleby, a friend of a friend.
[ isaac ] how much extra credit is it worth ?
well, considering i've never seen anyone get it right, including my mentor, dr. leaky at m.l.t.,
and my mother read it and felt i should go to rushmore.
and you read it, and you gave me a scholarship, didn't you ?
- ~ you to me ~ - ~ are sweet as roses in the morning ~
- ~ and you to me ~ - ~ are soft as summer rain ~ ln summation, i have only one question:
~ met a girl, fell in love glad as i can be ~
~ met a girl, fell in love glad as i can be ~
because at this moment, i feel the best strategy is to keep it low profile.
the more preparation work i can do, the stronger our case will be...
has it ever crossed your mind that you're far too young for me ?
it crossed my mind that you might consider that a possibility.
that you're gonna follow this thing all the way to the end...
[ snaps fingers ] of the line... where i got to be.
- i don't give a shit about the barracudas, but, fuck it, i'm building it anyway.
- ~~ [ marching cadence ] - [ guggenheim ] max!
i know you probably think i was born with a silver spoon in my mouth, but i'm no elitist.
i think you've got some great facilities, and i'm really looking forward to making the best of it here at grover cleveland.
[ cross ] my husband gave me this book... when he came to visit england when i was 13 and he went to rushmore.
so when he died, i gave it to the library here.
~ never could be mine no matter how i try ~
- ~ you never walk alone ~ - [ hooting ]
[ dirk ] dear max, i am sorry to say that i have secretly found out... that mr. blume is having an affair with miss cross.
my first suspicions came when i saw them frenching in front of her house, and then i knew for sure when they went skinny-dipping in mr. blume's swimming pool, giving each other hand jobs while you were taking a nap on the front porch.
- [ knocking ] - ~ from a tiny piece of colored glass ~
- that is why my skin-- - [ max ] excuse me.
say, can you tell me where the pool is located ?
i might want to take a dip after i have dinner and hit the bar.
- ~ you are forgiven ~ - ~ you are forgiven ~
- ~ you are forgiven ~ - ~ you are forgiven ~
i'm, uh, sorry you couldn't make it to our little groundbreaking the other day.
it's kind of a shame, since he's building it for you.
so, i'll just say that this play is dedicated to the memory of my mother,
eloise fischer, and to edward appleby, a friend of a friend.
[ man ] we order the military forces of the united states to take action- [ man #2 ] this is a different kind of war.
- [ explosions ] we are making progress, progress, progress, progress:
well, considering i've never seen anyone get it right, including my mentor, dr. leaky at m.i.t. -
- i guess if anyone here can solve that problem, -
and my mother read it and felt i should go to rushmore.
and you read it, and you gave me a scholarship, didn't you?
my husband gave me this book when he came to visit england when i was 13 and he went to rushmore.
so when he died, i gave it to the library here.
dear max, i am sorry to say that i have secretly found out that mr. blume is having an affair with miss cross.
my first suspicions came when i saw them frenching in front of her house, and then i knew for sure when they went skinny-dipping in mr. blume's swimming pool, giving each other hand jobs while you were taking a nap on the front porch.
it's kind of a shame, since he's building it for you.
well, you know, i never asked anyone to build me an aquarium.
i don't usually do this, but this play means a lot to me, and i wanted to make a dedication.
so, i'll just say that this play is dedicated to the memory of my mother,
eloise fischer, and to edward appleby, a friend of a friend.
also, you'll find a pair of safety glasses and some earplugs underneath your seats.
and my mother read it and felt i should go to rushmore.
and you read it, and you gave me a scholarship, didn't you?
has it ever crossed your mind that you're far too young for me?
it crossed my mind that you might consider that a possibility.
i know you probably think i was born with a silver spoon in my mouth... but i'm no elitist.
i think you've got some great facilities... and i'm really looking forward to making the best of it here at grover cleveland.
i mean, she has something that you can't put your finger on, but -
look, mr. blume, your comments are valuable, but let's get to the point.
- [knocking] - ♪ from a tiny piece of colored glass ♪
- that is why my skin - - [max] excuse me.
i just came by to thank you for wrecking my life.
♪ and reds and golds and yellows were the colors of the dawn ♪
i'm, uh, sorry you couldn't make it to our little groundbreaking the other day.
it's kind of a shame since he's building it for you.
i don't usually do this, but this play means a lot to me... and i wanted to make a dedication.
so, i'll just say that this play is dedicated to the memory of my mother...
eloise fischer... and to edward appleby, a friend of a friend.
also, you'll find a pair of safety glasses and some earplugs... underneath your seats.
i don't want to tell you how to do your job but the fact is no matter how hard i try, i still might flunkanother class
and if that means i have to stay on for a post-graduate year, then so be it.
and my mother read it and felt i should go to rushmore.
you read it and you gave me a scholarship, didn't you ?
has it ever crossed your mind that you're way too young for me?
it's crossed by mind that you might consider that a possibility, yes.
after all, the son of a brain doctor doesn't need to impress anybody, doeshe?
- the killing has got to stop, esse it's getting too loco.
dear max, i'm sorry to say that i have secretly found out that mr. blume is having an affair with misscross.
my first suspicions came when i saw them frenching in front of her house then i knew for sure whenthey went skinny dipping in mr. blume's swimming pool, giving each other hand jobs while you were taking a nap on the frontporch
you'll forgive me if i won't take your word for that
if you don't stop, i'm going to lose it i mean it!
- i never dumped you because we were never going out
because it would help me if you would talk to me for a minute.
i want you to meet somebody mr. blume, this is my father, bert fischer
nice to meet you, mr. fischer mr. fischer was my father's name.
i'm sorry you couldn't make it to the little ground-breaking the other day
it's kind of a shame, since he's building it for you
i don't usually do this, but this play means a lot to me
and i wanted to make a dedication so i'll just say that this play is dedicated to the memory of mymother, eloise fischer
and, of course, you know mr. blume i'd also like everyone to meet mr. and mrs. yang and this ismargaret
i'm surprised they let him build a real campfire onstage it's clearly a safety hazard
yeah, but let's see if we dj can play something with a little more...
if, and only if, both sides of the numerator is divisible by the inverse of the square root of the two unassigned variables.
well, considering i've never seen anyone get it right, including my mentor, dr. leaky at m.i.t. -
- i guess if anyone here can solve that problem, -
and my mother read it and felt i should go to rushmore.
and you read it, and you gave me a scholarship, didn't you?
my husband gave me this book when he came to visit england when i was 13 and he went to rushmore.
so when he died, i gave it to the library here.
dear max, i am sorry to say that i have secretly found out that mr. blume is having an affair with miss cross.
my first suspicions came when i saw them frenching in front of her house, and then i knew for sure when they went skinny-dipping in mr. blume's swimming pool, giving each other hand jobs while you were taking a nap on the front porch.
it's kind of a shame, since he's building it for you.
well, you know, i never asked anyone to build me an aquarium.
i don't usually do this, but this play means a lot to me, and i wanted to make a dedication.
so, i'll just say that this play is dedicated to the memory of my mother,
eloise fischer, and to edward appleby, a friend of a friend.
also, you'll find a pair of safety glasses and some earplugs underneath your seats.
and my mother read it and felt i should go to rushmore.
and you read it, and you gave me a scholarship, didn't you?
dirk's a great kid, and i'm just trying to impart... some of the experiences i've accrued to help him.
this has my number on it if you need to call me... or need help with dirk or anything like that.
# met a girl, fell in love glad as i can be #
# but i think all the time is she true to me #
# i found out i was wrong she was just two-timing #
# i found out i was wrong she just kept on lying #
because at this moment, i feel the best strategy is to keep it low profile.
the more preparation work i can do, the stronger our case will be...
i mean, she has something that you can't put your finger on, but...
look, mr. blume, your comments are valuable, but let's get to the point.
# walkin' with a love with a love that's all so fine #
# never could be mine no matter how i try #
dear max, i am sorry to say that i have secretly found out... that mr. blume is having an affair with miss cross.
my first suspicions came when i saw them frenching in front of her house, and then i knew for sure when they went skinny-dipping in mr. blume's swimming pool, giving each other hand jobs while you were taking a nap on the front porch.
it's kind of a shame, since he's building it for you.
well, you know, i never asked anyone to build me an aquarium.
i don't usually do this, but this play means a lot to me, and i wanted to make a dedication.
so, i'll just say that this play is dedicated to the memory of my mother,
eloise fischer, and to edward appleby, a friend of a friend.
also, you'll find a pair of safety glasses and some earplugs... underneath your seats.
♪ met a girl, fell in love glad as i can be ♪
♪ met a girl, fell in love glad as i can be ♪
has it ever crossed your mind that you're far too young for me?
it crossed my mind that you might consider that a possibility.
joe, go put a dime in the meter for officer serpico.
- look, serpico, if you agree to testify in open court...
i'm just trying to figure out why you brought this gentleman to my play... and my dinner, which was invitation only.
- would you like me to pass you the creamer, doc?
i know you probably think i was born with a silver spoon in my mouth, but i'm no elitist.
i think you've got some great facilities, and i'm really looking forward to making the best of it here at grover cleveland.
my husband gave me this book... when he came to visit england when i was 13 and he went to rushmore.
so when he died, i gave it to the library here.
it's kind of a shame, since he's building it for you.
well, you know, i never asked anyone to build me an aquarium.
i don't usually do this, but this play means a lot to me, and i wanted to make a dedication.
so, i'll just say that this play is dedicated to the memory of my mother,
eloise fischer, and to edward appleby, a friend of a friend.
also, you'll find a pair of safety glasses and some earplugs... underneath your seats.
dirk's a great kid, and i'm just trying to impart... some of the experiences i've accrued to help him.
this has my number on it if you need to call me... or need help with dirk or anything like that.
~ met a girl, fell in love glad as i can be ~
~ but i think all the time is she true to me ~
~ i found out i was wrong she was just two-timing ~
~ i found out i was wrong she just kept on lying ~
joe, go put a dime in the meter for officer serpico.
- look, serpico, if you agree to testify in open court--
i can write a hit play. why can't i have a little drink to unwind myself ?
so, tell me, curly, how do you know miss cross ?
i'm just trying to figure out why you brought this gentleman to my play... and my dinner, which was invitation only.
- would you like me to pass you the creamer, doc ?
- ~~ [ marching cadence ] - [ guggenheim ] max!
- [ coach blowing whistle ] - where are those damn chain saws coming from ?
the silver spoon remark might rub some people the wrong way,
- but i think i know-- - what do you mean ?
i mean, she has something that you can't put your finger on, but--
look, mr. blume, your comments are valuable, but let's get to the point.
~ walkin' with a love with a love that's all so fine ~
~ never could be mine no matter how i try ~
- [ crunching carrot ] - [ chuckles ] well, i'll probably be seeing you soon.
or we could go for a walk now, if you like.
[ young student ] on the planet i come from... the sun only comes out once a year.
- [ knocking ] - ~ from a tiny piece of colored glass ~
you said you wanted to put an end to all this.
oh, yeah. i, uh, was gonna try and have that tree over there fall on you.
- i never dumped you because we were never going out.
it would just help me if you talked to me for a minute.
it's kind of a shame, since he's building it for you.
well, you know, i never asked anyone to build me an aquarium.
you think edward appleby would have built one for you ?
yeah, i think he would have, if he'd had the money.
i don't usually do this, but this play means a lot to me, and i wanted to make a dedication.
so, i'll just say that this play is dedicated to the memory of my mother,
eloise fischer, and to edward appleby, a friend of a friend.
also, you'll find a pair of safety glasses and some earplugs... underneath your seats.
- ~ i don't know but i've been told ~ - [ esposito laughing ]
[ soldiers ] ~ i don't know but i've been told ~
not my place either, or i'll have to pray with my father.
let's go to alice's house, i haven't seen her since last night's fucking dinner.
he helped me to see the truth about myself and now, i'm going to do the same for you.
and what better day to do it than on your mother's birthday.
she was a striking woman, your mother- although when we first met she was very self-conscious about that scar along the side of her face.
she used to try to cover it up with a strand of hair.
you're just going to have to take my word for it.
the battle of the alamo would make a hell of a holosuite program.
i suspect that many of you must be feeling a bit... uneasy right now.
i'm well aware that among the bajoran population there is a perception that all cardassians are to be feared, that we are a cruel and heartless people.
i only hope you won't condemn us all for the boorish behavior of one man.
i only hope you won't condemn us all for the boorish behavior of one man.
i have better things to do than to shuttle you around this station.
it's time you decided which side of this gate you want to be on.
meru, i hope the cardassians aren't lying to me and that they really will send this message to you.
i know it's only been a few weeks that we've been back home, but you should see the children.
every day, i pray to the prophets that you'll find some peace in this new life of yours.
i believe that even in the worst of times we can still find moments of joy and kindness.
during the occupation, if i ever had any doubt about what their fate should be
i would think of my mother- how she gave her life for bajor.
she died in a cardassian hospital seven years after she met dukat- seven years.
do you know how many bajorans died in the labor camps during that time- died- while my mother sat sipping kanar with dukat?
believe me... there's a part of me that wishes that i hadn't.
but the fact is... no matter what she did... she was still my mother.
i was only three when she died at the refugee center.
well, i bet she'd be proud of you and what you've done with your life.
captain sisko gave me the clarity to see beyond the lies... the self-deceptions that were controlling my life.
he helped me to see the truth about myself and now, i'm going to do the same for you.
chief, you were supposed to have finished recalibrating those induction modulators yesterday.
yeah, we had a bit of a problem replacing some of the coil...
i'm sure he knows a lot about your family- about all of our families.
i keep trying to tell myself that, but i need to know.
i need your help as the emissary, not a starfleet captain.
the emissary can see to it that i am allowed access to the orb.
you have one purpose and one purpose only- to provide comfort and care to the cardassian officers stationed here.
fail and you and your family will be sent to a labor camp.
i assure you, i will do everything possible to make it so.
i suspect that many of you must be feeling a bit... uneasy right now.
i'm well aware that among the bajoran population there is a perception that all cardassians are to be feared, that we are a cruel and heartless people.
i hope to change that- not with words, but with actions- in the hope that you will come to appreciate the better part of our nature.
you know, i could have you executed for that kind of insolence.
and that's one of the reasons we hate you so much.
so, tell me, how's work going on the ore processing center?
you ought to join the work detail sometime- find out for yourself.
he's written to central command urging them to rethink their policy towards bajor.
i don't care if he played you a holo-recording of him on his hand and knees begging central command to end the occupation.
i mean, what could be worse than betraying your own people?
during the occupation, if i ever had any doubt about what their fate should be
if you hate her that much, why did you save her life?
believe me... there's a part of me that wishes that i hadn't.
is that supposed to upset me, you knowing my mother's birthday?
she was a striking woman, your mother, although when we first met she was very self-conscious about that scar along the side of her face.
we may have to take orders from the spoonheads but not from you!
thank you. i wish we could repay your kindness but we have so little food.
we need to find a way to get off this station.
once we do, we'll figure out a way to free your family.
i assure you, i will do everything possible to make it so.
i suspect that many of you must be feeling a bit uneasy right now.
i only hope you won't condemn us all for the boorish behaviour of one man.
i only hope you won't condemn us all for the boorish behaviour of one man.
i have better things to do than to shuttle you around this station.
decide which side of this gate you want to be on.
he helped me to see the truth about myself and now, i'm going to do the same for you.
and what better day to do it than on your mother's birthday.
she was a striking woman, your mother-- although when we first met she was very self-conscious about that scar along the side of her face.
she used to try to cover it up with a strand of hair.
you're just going to have to take my word for it.
the battle of the alamo would make a hell of a holosuite program.
i suspect that many of you must be feeling a bit... uneasy right now.
i'm well aware that among the bajoran population there is a perception that all cardassians are to be feared, that we are a cruel and heartless people.
i only hope you won't condemn us all for the boorish behavior of one man.
i only hope you won't condemn us all for the boorish behavior of one man.
i have better things to do than to shuttle you around this station.
it's time you decided which side of this gate you want to be on.
meru, i hope the cardassians aren't lying to me and that they really will send this message to you.
i know it's only been a few weeks that we've been back home, but you should see the children.
every day, i pray to the prophets that you'll find some peace in this new life of yours.
i believe that even in the worst of times we can still find moments of joy and kindness.
during the occupation, if i ever had any doubt about what their fate should be
i would think of my mother-- how she gave her life for bajor.
she died in a cardassian hospital seven years after she met dukat-- seven years.
do you know how many bajorans died in the labor camps during that time-- died-- while my mother sat sipping kanar with dukat?
believe me... there's a part of me that wishes that i hadn't.
but the fact is... no matter what she did... she was still my mother.
his dream, in turn, caused that dear town to spring forth from the sea.
we seek the land at the edge of the glassy ocean.
this is something i've wanted to paint for a long time.
by that afternoon the word had spread, and some sightseers gathered.
you remember the time a star fell from the sky, don't you?
if you touched the star gently, you could hear music in your heart.
"in order to defeat anyanka, one must destroy her power centre."
"it should reverse all wishes she has granted, rendering her powerless again." you see?
"in order to defeat anyanka, one must destroy her power centre."
"it should reverse all wishes she has granted, rendering her powerless again." you see?
hurt so much that you don't think you're gonna make it.
but i told my friends how i felt, and you know what?
do you have any idea what i do to a man...
do you have any idea what i do to a man... who uses that spell to summon me?
hurt so much that you don't think you're gonna make it.
but i told my friends how i felt, and you know what?
do you have any idea what i do to a man...
do you have any idea what i do to a man... who uses that spell to summon me?
"it should reverse all wishes she has granted, rendering her powerless again." you see?
without her power centre, she'll be an ordinary woman, and all this will be...
he lives on the outskirts of town in an old club.
you know where he lives, and no one's ever tried to take him out?
behold the technical wonder which is about to alter the very fabric of our society.
some have argued that such an advancement goes against our nature.
"in order to defeat anyanka, one must destroy her power centre."
"it should reverse all wishes she has granted, rendering her powerless again." you see?
when are you going to get it through your thick skull already?
if that's how you feel all you had to do was say so, bro.
the only way it will stop being a man's world is if we get the boys out there in their short shorts cheering, too.
what i mean is, this double standard has got to end, right, jake?
it's hard to believe there's anyone alive who still thinks being athletic isn't ladylike.
women can excel at any sport they put their minds to.
all right, so tuesday night i wasn't washing cars for the united way, but mom, if you'd seen his boyish smile you'd understand.
actually, i wanted to ask you to spend some time with your sister.
why don't you just lock me in the attic till i'm 25?
i can't sacrifice any more for her, mother, i just can't.
should i agree to perform this sensitive and difficult task, and i'm not saying i will, what's in it for me?
i am disappointed that it's come to this, but... you can take my credit card to the mall.
not like those boring friends you used to have who liked you even when you lost.
you mean the ones who made incredibly humiliating jokes at my expense?
it was really screwed up of me to take a bye on that math test.
i should have gone in there and failed it on my own.
they'd probably even look good in those things you have on.
i didn't think things could get any more pathetic, but obviously i was wrong.
well, then, at least tell me i'm marginally less corrupt than the jocks.
you refused to participate in a crooked system where good grades are exchanged for athletic performance.
when are you going to get it through your thick skull already?
if that's how you feel all you had to do was say so, bro.
the only way it will stop being a man's world is if we get the boys out there in their short shorts cheering, too.
what i mean is, this double standard has got to end, right, jake?
it's hard to believe there's anyone alive who still thinks being athletic isn't ladylike.
women can excel at any sport they put their minds to.
all right, so tuesday night i wasn't washing cars for the united way, but mom, if you'd seen his boyish smile you'd understand.
actually, i wanted to ask you to spend some time with your sister.
why don't you just lock me in the attic till i'm 25?
i can't sacrifice any more for her, mother, i just can't.
should i agree to perform this sensitive and difficult task, and i'm not saying i will, what's in it for me?
i am disappointed that it's come to this, but... you can take my credit card to the mall.
not like those boring friends you used to have who liked you even when you lost.
you mean the ones who made incredibly humiliating jokes at my expense?
it was really screwed up of me to take a bye on that math test.
i should have gone in there and failed it on my own.
they'd probably even look good in those things you have on.
i didn't think things could get any more pathetic, but obviously i was wrong.
well, then, at least tell me i'm marginally less corrupt than the jocks.
you refused to participate in a crooked system where good grades are exchanged for athletic performance.
we did major reconstruction sawed through some bone, snapped some cartilage.
all the blood and mucus, the sound of bone and sinew coming apart...
we did major reconstruction sawed through some bone, snapped some cartilage.
all the blood and mucus, the sound of bone and sinew coming apart...
we did major reconstruction sawed through some bone, snapped some cartilage.
all the blood and mucus, the sound of bone and sinew coming apart...
* friendly faces everywhere * * humble folks without temptation *
* goin' down to south park * * gonna leave my woes behind *
* ample parking day or night * * people spouting howdy neighbor *
* heading on up to south park * * gonna see if i can't unwind *
* (i like girls with big fat t*****s) * * (i like girls with big vag***s) *
* so come on down to south park * * and meet some friends of mine *
the way i acted was wrong, and i've learned from it.
i just wish stan and miss ellen all the happiness in the world.
my mom says all i have to do is chow on this box.
for crimes against this country, you are to be shot into the sun.
by the way, my wife sends her regards and invites you to the wedding.
only she was wondering if you could put on a suitable dress.
the guy had studied engineering and was running a company in the usa.
so the girl was to join him there a week after the wedding.
i don't know, but i'll recognize it if you take me there.
would you take me there if i pay you 24 and a half tomans?
you asked for my opinion and i gave it to you.
ad everything clear to my wife right from the beginning and i've never done a thing at home.
instead of killing himself at home after a long day's work, a clever man would tell his wife not to work.
he'd work an extra hour a day for the same money!
make sure you don't break any rules while you're on parole.
and don't make any trouble for rev. nakajima, your parole officer.
even if you see trouble occurring around you, don't let yourself be drawn into it.
i hope you'll spend your two years on parole without any lapses.
he will come to your shop later please cut his hair shorter.
he's in the third grade of junior school, dawdling at home everyday.
well, you see, it helps... if you have something to pass the time.
i do love a man who knows how to reel a girl in.
what i'm saying is, we have to be ready for anything.
and i can't help but wonder if we picked the wrong time to get involved.
oh, i was blinded as a child, but the god of light blessed me with his merciful touch.
and now, i am once again... able to see the world in all its glory.
hercules possessed a strength the world had never seen, a strength surpassed only by the power of his heart.
he journeyed the earth, battling the minions of his wicked stepmother, hera, the all-powerful queen of the gods.
i let you talk to me like that 'cause i know you loved him.
- but if i want your opinion, i'll ask for it.
- he left corinth on a diplomatic mission... before any of this happened.
well, i'd love to stay, but i've got to go find... something that looks like lolaus.
you know, the old temples are being converted into shrines in his honor.
he said if we ever needed him, all we had to do was pray.
[ chuckling ] what i know... is that i have given these people a choice.
now, if they have accepted me into their hearts of their own free will, who are you to protest?
you never know how it's gonna turn out. [ chuckling ]
said he wanted to make the world like it was before the gods.
if it is brought before dahak at the dawning of the sun, it will harness a pure and perfect light.
dahak will be rendered powerless... long enough for you to send him back to his realm.
the lolaus i knew... cared about other people more than he cared about himself.
if you're still the person that i fell in love with, leave greece now, before anyone else gets hurt, please.
i promise you, in my kingdom, there will be no suffering.
but you can't build a new world... without first destroying the old one.
so what you're saying is that dahak is just another name for the destructive impulse.
as long as we keep these two forces in balance, our world remains in a state of harmony.
he tried to use you like he's using lolaus, didn't he?
imagine your every primal desire... rewarded with a surge of bliss.
] now is your chance to be like the gods. dddd [ continues
i'm gonna show you a world... where the only crime... is to not do whatever you want to do.
"do what thy will" shall be the whole of the law.
and all i ask is that you take... my message of freedom into your hearts.
i wouldn't spit in your mouth if your tongue were on fire.
oh, i think you'll be surprised what you'll do... to spare your daughter the pain of growing up an orphan.
i don't mean that you are ...- but my mom said she'd seen you before.
i did see your kind of shoes in my house a few days ago.
i don't mean that you are... but my mom said she'd seen you before.
i did see your kind of shoes in my house a few days ago.
i don ' t mean that you are ...- but my mom said she'd seen you before.
i did see your kind of shoes in my house a few days ago.
i don't mean that you're ... but my mom said she've seen you before.
i saw shoes like yours in my house a few days ago.
besides, i don't go for guys right after they get divorced.
right, you only go for them five minutes before they get married.
i took larry there, but it was all violated, so we shut it down.
if this guy keeps closing our favorite places, where will we eat?
since you'll be here a while we could put your name on the answering machine.
i hope you don't mind but i kind of already jazzed it up a little.
so if i said yes he'd know i had nothing better to do than wait for his invitation.
but i said no which puts me back in the driver's seat.
besides, i don't go for guys right after they get divorced.
right, you only go for them five minutes before they get married.
since you'll be here a while we could put your name on the answering machine.
i hope you don't mind but i kind of already jazzed it up a little.
i took larry there, but it was all violated, so we shut it down.
if this guy keeps closing our favorite places, where will we eat?
besides, i don't go for guys right after they get divorced.
right, you only go for them five minutes before they get married.
i took larry there, but it was all violated, so we shut it down.
if this guy keeps closing our favorite places, where will we eat?
if, after dinner, you still need to bust someone i know a hot dog vendor who picks his nose.
maybe we did good, helping ross get back on his feet.
besides, i don't go for guys right after they get divorced.
right, you only go for them five minutes before they get married.
i took larry there, but it was all violated, so we shut it down.
if this guy keeps closing our favorite places, where will we eat?
if, after dinner, you still need to bust someone i know a hot dog vendor who picks his nose.
maybe we did good, helping ross get back on his feet.
besides, i don't go for guys right after they get divorced.
right, you only go for them five minutes before they get married.
i took larry there, but it was all violated, so we shut it down.
if this guy keeps closing our favorite places, where will we eat?
if, after dinner, you still need to bust someone i know a hot dog vendor who picks his nose.
maybe we did good, helping ross get back on his feet.
and besides y'know, i don't, i don't go for guys right after they get divorced.
right, you only go for them 5 minutes before they get married.
he hasn't called me since that one time when we went out.
i see him in the hallway, we flirt, i'm all ha-ha-ha-ha, and nothing.
i just went down to johnos for some chicken and it was closed!
oh, i took larry there to eat but it was all violated.
yeah, you don't want to be stuck with us for the next five weeks. / yeah.
so, you-you think i should go ahead and take this place?
are you familiar with section 11-b of the health code that requires all refuse material out the back exit?
but then i'd have to go all the way around the dry cleaner place.
now, if after dinner you still really need to bust someone, i know a hot dog vendor who picks his nose.
maybe, maybe we did a good thing, helping ross get back on his feet!
i took larry there, but it was all violated, so we shut it down.
if this guy keeps closing our favorite places, where will we eat?
since you'll be here a while we, uh, could put your name on the answering machine.
oh, i, uh, hope you don't mind but i kind of already jazzed it up a little, ha, ha.
besides, i don't go for guys right after they get divorced.
right, you only go for them five minutes before they get married.
since you'll be here a while we could put your name on the answering machine.
i hope you don't mind but i kind of already jazzed it up a little.
i took larry there, but it was all violated, so we shut it down.
if this guy keeps closing our favorite places, where will we eat?
besides, i don't go for guys right after they get divorced.
right, you only go for them five minutes before they get married.
since you'll be here a while we could put your name on the answering machine.
i hope you don't mind but i kind of already jazzed it up a little.
i took larry there, but it was all violated, so we shut it down.
if this guy keeps closing our favorite places, where will we eat?
besides, i don't go for guys right after they get divorced.
right, you only go for them five minutes before they get married.
i took larry there, but it was all violated, so we shut it down.
if this guy keeps closing our favorite places, where will we eat?
besides, i don't go for guys right after they get divorced.
right, you only go for them five minutes before they get married.
so if i said yes he'd know i had nothing better to do than wait for his invitation.
but i said no which puts me back in the driver's seat.
oh, i took larry there, but it was all violated, so we shut it down.
if this guy keeps closing our favorite places, where will we eat?
because she enjoyed it watching her creature try to tear me apart.
if that's hope, why don't we just go in there and...?
i guess that vision of yours really was hope, after all.
maybe, next time you'll listen when we tell ya not to go courting trouble!
ok if that's really hope, why didn't she kill you herself?
because she enjoyed it watching her creature try to tear me apart.
as long as we pretend to play her game, the family is safe.
and i can use her to help me kill the beast.
i need you to scout the land, calculating all the flocks.
maybe then, we can get a fix on where the beast will strike next.
now that she knows i'm on to her, she'll use your family as leverage.
as long as she needs them, they're safe, you know that.
well, it's certainly not for your lack of trying, is it?
the truth is, i could say the same thing about you if i cared.
do you get the feeling that sometimes nothing is really over?
you know, it just keeps coming back around, but it's it's wearing a different face.
you talk about trying to find your way but to me, you are my way.
how can i be your way, when i i'm lost myself?
it's guaranteed to scramble all radar signals in the greater gotham area.
that's right, friends, thanks to this smashing new invention no military or commercial planes can safely fly over gotham.
they're trying to establish a supply line running through betazoid space into the argolis cluster.
if they succeed, they will be able to launch an attack against vulcan.
starfleet's going to try to cut them off near the tibor nebula.
the seventh fleet will be engaging the enemy in the morning.
the last time i visited the ruins none of these tunnels had been cut yet.
it's been a great deal of work, but we do it gladly.
these inscriptions... they look like ancient bajoran but i can't quite make it out.
neither can we though we've been able to piece together a few of the translations.
i assure you that the artifact will be returned as soon as i've finished studying it.
i was not aware that you had expertise in bajoran history.
there are scholars on bajor who've devoted their lives to the study of such things.
i understand, but i brought it here because i believe that's what the prophets want.
the fact is, they exist out of time and over the centuries they've given the bajorans glimpses of the future glimpses that the bajorans have written down to help them guide succeeding generations.
if whatever is written here can help me avoid mistakes can help me make the right decisions then i'd be a fool to ignore it.
didn't they say they would exact some kind of penance for helping you?
yes, but they listened, and they saved bajor and the rest of the alpha quadrant.
if you deny his request, i promise you it will damage relations between bajor and the federation.
the tablet... will be on its way to bajor on the morning transport.
i guess that's why she made such an issue of the whole thing.
well, she's jealous of you and of your relationship with the prophets.
now, sometimes, it's not easy to see the path they've laid out for us.
right now, i don't know what they want from me but i'm willing to take a leap of faith and trust that they're guiding me and i'm asking you to take that leap with me.
if it were dax, i am not sure i could've done the same.
well, just be grateful you didn't have to make that choice.
they are the only thing that's keeping the dominion from coming through the wormhole.
the only problem is, there's no guarantee the prophets will win this battle.
i am captain of this station and i will do everything in my power to save it.
now, are you going to tell these people to go or shall i?
you defied the will of the prophets and you did it because you couldn't stand the fact that a human, an infidel had a stronger faith than you.
the emissary was willing to sacrifice his own son to serve the prophets.
if they succeed, they will be able to launch an attack against vulcan.
starfleet's going to try to cut them off near the tibor nebula.
you have to admit it's a long way to come to see old ruins.
they may have found some important religious artefacts in these "old ruins".
neither can we, though we've been able to piece together a few of them.
the syntax is unusual, but all forms of bajoran share certain root ideograms.
during the occupation, the cardassians plundered bajor's historical treasures as if it were their right.
i never imagined that you would behave in such a manner.
i assure you the artefact will be returned when i finish studying it.
i was not aware that you had expertise in bajoran history.
scholars on bajor have devoted their lives to the study of such things.
yes, but i brought it here because i believe that's what the prophets want.
the fact is, they exist out of time, and over the centuries they've given the bajorans glimpses of the future which the bajorans have written down to help guide succeeding generations.
if whatever is written here can help me avoid mistakes, i'd be a fool to ignore it.
fair enough, but i will continue to think of them as wormhole aliens.
all i know is that they have a relationship with bajor that stretches back over a thousand years.
as the spiritual leader of the bajoran people, i'm asking you to return it.
as the emissary of the prophets, i ask you for more time to study it.
three klingon cruisers are bolstering the defence of the durala system.
good. i just hope they can hold out until starfleet sends reinforcements.
i am captain of this station and i will do all i can to save it.
now, are you going to tell these people to go or shall i?
they're trying to establish a supply line running through betazoid space into the argolis cluster.
if they succeed, they will be able to launch an attack against vulcan.
starfleet's going to try to cut them off near the tibor nebula.
the seventh fleet will be engaging the enemy in the morning.
the last time i visited the ruins none of these tunnels had been cut yet.
it's been a great deal of work, but we do it gladly.
these inscriptions... they look like ancient bajoran but i can't quite make it out.
neither can we though we've been able to piece together a few of the translations.
i assure you that the artifact will be returned as soon as i've finished studying it.
i was not aware that you had expertise in bajoran history.
there are scholars on bajor who've devoted their lives to the study of such things.
i understand, but i brought it here because i believe that's what the prophets want.
the fact is, they exist out of time and over the centuries they've given the bajorans glimpses of the future glimpses that the bajorans have written down to help them guide succeeding generations.
if whatever is written here can help me avoid mistakes can help me make the right decisions then i'd be a fool to ignore it.
didn't they say they would exact some kind of penance for helping you?
yes, but they listened, and they saved bajor and the rest of the alpha quadrant.
if you deny his request, i promise you it will damage relations between bajor and the federation.
the tablet... will be on its way to bajor on the morning transport.
i guess that's why she made such an issue of the whole thing.
well, she's jealous of you and of your relationship with the prophets.
now, sometimes, it's not easy to see the path they've laid out for us.
right now, i don't know what they want from me but i'm willing to take a leap of faith and trust that they're guiding me and i'm asking you to take that leap with me.
if it were dax, i am not sure i could've done the same.
well, just be grateful you didn't have to make that choice.
they are the only thing that's keeping the dominion from coming through the wormhole.
the only problem is, there's no guarantee the prophets will win this battle.
i am captain of this station and i will do everything in my power to save it.
now, are you going to tell these people to go or shall i?
you defied the will of the prophets and you did it because you couldn't stand the fact that a human, an infidel had a stronger faith than you.
the emissary was willing to sacrifice his own son to serve the prophets.
everyone on their pdas, their cell phones, competition, overworked, underpaid, running, running, running.
i was just the first one to react to the artificial way we're living.
obstruction of justice and conspiracy to aid a defendant to avoid prosecution.
you just described anyone who's ever given money to tome delay.
i find in life, and i know you must, that craft doesn't matter so much if one is a big enough star.
you've spent your entire life getting away with who and what you are because you're a star.
you lecture me on not being able to express my feelings.
meanwhile, you keep your bottle up like one of denny's kidney stones.
well, then can you tell us, mr. espenson, why after mr. shore was arrested, did you come racing to me to say it was all your fault that mr. shore told the client to run?
what i said was, if mr. shore gave such advice and i have no knowledge that he did... it was my fault since i had so totally screwed up mr. mkeba's trial, leaving him no option but to run.
and you did it in your capacity as a lawyer of this law firm.
they brought a motion to dismiss, and they've counterclaimed for defamation.
i waived it in the hopes of getting them in the room today.
if we agree to dismiss phil's claim, maybe i can get them to drop the suit against us.
let's just deal with this case first, then we'll turn to edwin.
mr. shore informed me that we would lose the trial, and that i would be convicted.
i guess i felt that if he were in my shoes, he would run.
but as a lawyer, he was not allowed to advise me to do so.
i think if we agree to withdraw the case now before generating massive attorney fees...
it's a little late to be singing "let's call the whole thing off," ms. schmidt.
look, if this goes forward, it will only bring more publicity to an idea that...
mr. mickle is not the first overweight person to pin the responsibility for his obesity on us.
and i might also point out that we are not the first people to connect junk food with diabetes.
did a medical professional ever connect your diabetes, specifically, to l'il jimmey's snack cakes?
do you talk dismissive like that, to everybody, or just me?
i wasn't in a dismissive mood when you tried to wiggle out of this lawsuit, was i?
i'm thinking this may be a mistake, putting kupfer on the stand.
it gives him the opportunity to put prior bad acts in evidence, which is obviously why he so readily agreed.
you said your only fear was that someone would stab me before you would get the chance to take me down.
is it your testimony to this jury that you do not hold a grudge against me?
this man snorted down three boxes a day, not to mention the soft drinks and the potato chips.
the only exercise he got was reaching for the cookie jar, and he wants to blame us?
which is beef fat, pork gelatin, which is made from boiled bones, tendons and skin of pigs.
uh, so far, we're up to motor oil, bugs, road tar and pig bones.
this hormone normally sends a signal to the brain that your stomach is full and tells you to stop eating, but whenever you eat anything with high-fructose corn syrup, your brain thinks it's not full, and so you keep eating and eating and eating.
this product, like many dessert cakes, is addictive and causes diabetes, and that is what this lawsuit will show.
as for defense counsel's remark that the whole thing is ridiculous, is it?
the rate of diabetes has increased 80% in the last decade.
i just want to say that again, one in three children.
these companies are corporate drug dealers their products are killing our children.
i can see no detailed evidence which would allow me to hold the defendant liable.
nor can i conclude these charges cannot be established during discovery.
it's funny, 'cause i've been talking to some of my girlfriends, and um... it turns out there's a lot of different kinds of friends.
like my friend alyssa had a friend that, um, she goes to museums with.
after that we dip and then we peak again around 3 pm.
so when would you make phone calls and when would you be typing?
find him a job somewhere, or he could work for you here.
if he wants to live with his mother, that's fine, too.
find him a job somewhere, or he could work for you here.
if he wants to live with his mother, that's fine, too.
find him a job somewhere, or he could work for you here.
if he wants to live with his mother, that's fine, too.
i know your father and i were destined to be involved.
it's just that at some point that part of destiny is over.
if i can fill that void and help dry his tears, then i've done my part.
and if, say, his father returns the favor by buying more ads in your magazine...
we all chipped in to get you a trip to turtle bay resort in hawaii.
and we also rented one of those mopeds, like you like.
did the little boy you tutor have his favorite toy knocked into the ocean by the boom sail of his father's yacht?
if i can fill that void and help dry his tears, then i've done my part.
this was one finch who would not be taken for granted.
he asked for a yard and they gave him an inch.
and every rugby player who ever walked his labrador along the frozen banks of a river.
and every couple who ever sipped coffee on a redwood deck in their underwear.
i spent all morning looking for a tree, and it was great.
children running around, and the scent of pine needles, and christmas was in the air.
we all chipped in to get you a trip to turtle bay resort in hawaii.
and we also rented one of those mopeds, like you like.
garshaw, could you tell us why you have turned down our request for an alliance?
we've decided that your limited resources do not offer us enough of a reward... .. to risk the high security breach that your knowledge of us will cause.
if you're so disgusted by the very thought of blending, how can we be associated... .. with one another?
it is obvious that you have distaste for our very being.
i am truly sorry about your father,... .. but i have to question the wisdom of what you're suggesting here.
from what i've seen,... .. this won't exactly be saving his life.
to break from apophis... .. and then turn to fight him shows great conviction of character.
master garshaw, we just received word from our scout in the shoran'ka quadrant.
what is it that's so great... .. you don't want me to get you into the astronaut programme?
well, this is gonna be a lot for you to take in at once.
we figured the stargate system was built specifically to transport humans... .. or something close to humans in physiology.
so it seems to go mostly to places where the environment supports human life.
the outside is human... .. and the inside is shared between a human and a symbiote.
martouf is two different souls, i guess, sharing the same body.
i'm biased, of course,... .. but i believe selmak is among the best educated of the tok'ra.
you will probably be overwhelmed... .. with the knowledge and wisdom you will gain upon blending.
but you and your daughter must understand... .. the blending may not work at all.
i am very weak... .. and the damage to your body... .. may be too extensive.
martouf, all tunnels but this one and the escape tunnel have vanished.
all the other tok'ra have gone to the new home world.
we may not have much time before the goa'uld come through and block our gate.
we can take you to earth and send you on from there.
garshaw, could you tell us why you have turned down our request for an alliance?
we've decided that your limited resources do not offer us enough of a reward to risk the high security breach that your knowledge of us will cause.
if you're so disgusted by the very thought of blending, how can we be associated with one another?
it is obvious that you have distaste for our very being.
i am truly sorry about your father, but i have to question the wisdom of what you're suggesting here.
from what i've seen, this won't exactly be saving his life.
to break from apophis and then turn to fight him shows great conviction of character.
master garshaw, we just received word from our scout in the shoran'ka quadrant.
what is it that's so great you don't want me to get you into the astronaut programme?
well, this is gonna be a lot for you to take in at once.
we figured the stargate system was built specifically to transport humans or something close to humans in physiology.
so it seems to go mostly to places where the environment supports human life.
the outside is human and the inside is shared between a human and a symbiote.
martouf is two different souls, i guess, sharing the same body.
i'm biased, of course, but i believe selmak is among the best educated of the tok'ra.
you will probably be overwhelmed with the knowledge and wisdom you will gain upon blending.
martouf, all tunnels but this one and the escape tunnel have vanished.
all the other tok'ra have gone to the new home world.
we may not have much time before the goa'uld come through and block our gate.
we can take you to earth and send you on from there.
garshaw, could you tell us why you have turned down our request for an alliance?
we've decided that your limited resources do not offer us enough of a reward... ..to risk the high security breach that your knowledge of us will cause.
(garshaw) we're doing this for your protection as well as ours.
knowledge of our whereabouts makes you and your world a priority target... ..for the goa'uld system lords.
if you're so disgusted by the very thought of blending, how can we be associated... ..with one another?
it is obvious that you have distaste for our very being.
i won't even pretend to understand what it is, but there is one.
one minute you're talking to a goa'uld, the next, a regular... guy... person.
he would have the chance to liaise... ..between ourselves and possibly the most important ally we will ever have.
i would like to take this opportunity to express my admiration for your cause.
we figured the stargate system was built specifically to transport humans... ..or something close to humans in physiology.
so it seems to go mostly to places where the environment supports human life.
the outside is human... ..and the inside is shared between a human and a symbiote.
martouf is two different souls, i guess, sharing the same body.
i'm biased, of course,... ..but i believe selmak is among the best educated of the tok'ra.
you will probably be overwhelmed... ..with the knowledge and wisdom you will gain upon blending.
(undistorted) martouf, all tunnels but this one and the escape tunnel have vanished.
all the other tok'ra have gone to the new home world.
we may not have much time before the goa'uld come through and block our gate.
(daniel) we can take you to earth and send you on from there.
none of you have volunteered to be host to one of us who is dying.
if you're so disgusted by the very thought of blending, how can we be associated with one another?
but keep in mind these people wanna make you a host!
you said the jolinar-in-the-head deal was one of the worst things to happen to you.
i am truly sorry about your father, but i have to question the wisdom of what you're suggesting here.
from what i've seen, this won't exactly be saving his life.
what is it that's so great you don't want me to get you into the astronaut programme?
well, this is gonna be a lot for you to take in at once.
(undistorted) martouf, all tunnels but this one and the escape tunnel have vanished.
all the other tok'ra have gone to the new home world.
we may not have much time before the goa'uld come through and block our gate.
(daniel) we can take you to earth and send you on from there.
garshaw, could you tell us why you have turned down our request for an alliance?
we've decided that your limited resources do not offer us enough of a reward... ..to risk the high security breach that your knowledge of us will cause.
(garshaw) we're doing this for your protection as well as ours.
knowledge of our whereabouts makes you and your world a priority target... ..for the goa'uld system lords.
if you're so disgusted by the very thought of blending, how can we be associated... ..with one another?
it is obvious that you have distaste for our very being.
i won't even pretend to understand what it is, but there is one.
one minute you're talking to a goa'uld, the next, a regular... guy... person.
he would have the chance to liaise... ..between ourselves and possibly the most important ally we will ever have.
i would like to take this opportunity to express my admiration for your cause.
we figured the stargate system was built specifically to transport humans... ..or something close to humans in physiology.
so it seems to go mostly to places where the environment supports human life.
the outside is human... ..and the inside is shared between a human and a symbiote.
martouf is two different souls, i guess, sharing the same body.
i'm biased, of course,... ..but i believe selmak is among the best educated of the tok'ra.
you will probably be overwhelmed... ..with the knowledge and wisdom you will gain upon blending.
(undistorted) martouf, all tunnels but this one and the escape tunnel have vanished.
all the other tok'ra have gone to the new home world.
we may not have much time before the goa'uld come through and block our gate.
(daniel) we can take you to earth and send you on from there.
she is unfortunately very ill... . . and will soon die.
unless one of you wishes to volunteer to serve as a host.
none of you have volunteered to be host to one of us who is dying.
if you're so disgusted by the very thought of blending, how can we be associated... . . with one another?
but keep in mind these people wanna make you a host!
you said the jolinar-in-the-head deal was one of the worst things to happen to you.
i am truly sorry about your father, ... . . but i have to question the wisdom of what you're suggesting here.
from what i've seen, ... . . this won't exactly be saving his life.
to break from apophis... . . and then turn to fight him shows great conviction of character.
master garshaw, we just received word from our scout in the shoran'ka quadrant.
what is it that's so great... . . you don't want me to get you into the astronaut programme?
well, this is gonna be a lot for you to take in at once.
we figured the stargate system was built specifically to transport humans... . . or something close to humans in physiology.
so it seems to go mostly to places where the environment supports human life.
the outside is human... . . and the inside is shared between a human and a symbiote.
martouf is two different souls, i guess, sharing the same body.
i'm biased, of course, ... . . but i believe selmak is among the best educated of the tok'ra.
you will probably be overwhelmed... . . with the knowledge and wisdom you will gain upon blending.
but you and your daughter must understand... . . the blending may not work at all.
i am very weak... . . and the damage to your body... . . may be too extensive.
martouf, all tunnels but this one and the escape tunnel have vanished.
all the other tok'ra have gone to the new home world.
we may not have much time before the goa'uld come through and block our gate.
we can take you to earth and send you on from there.
none of you have volunteered to be host to one of us who is dying.
if you're so disgusted by the very thought of blending, how can we be associated... ..with one another?
but keep in mind these people wanna make you a host!
you said the jolinar- in- the- head deal was one of the worst things to happen to you.
i won't even pretend to understand what it is, but there is one.
one minute you're talking to a goa'uld, the next, a regular...guy...person.
he would have the chance to liaise... ..between ourselves and possibly the most important ally we will ever have.
i would like to take this opportunity to express my admiration for your cause.
we do not enter our host through the back of the neck.
this leaves a scar that many of us find very unsettling.
garshaw, what will martouf do if the goa'uld get too close?
at the risk of capture, martouf will destroy the underground compound... ..with himself and all your people with it.
none of you have volunteered to be host to one of us who is dying.
if you're so disgusted by the very thought of blending, how can we be associated... .. with one another?
but keep in mind these people wanna make you a host!
you said the jolinar- in- the- head deal was one of the worst things to happen to you.
i won't even pretend to understand what it is, but there is one.
one minute you're talking to a goa'uld, the next, a regular... guy... person.
he would have the chance to liaise... .. between ourselves and possibly the most important ally we will ever have.
i would like to take this opportunity to express my admiration for your cause.
master garshaw, we just received word from our scout in the shoran'ka quadrant.
the goa'uld system lords... .. have been told where we are.
we do not enter our host through the back of the neck.
this leaves a scar that many of us find very unsettling.
garshaw, what will martouf do if the goa'uld get too close?
at the risk of capture, martouf will destroy the underground compound... .. with himself and all your people with it.
when i checked the overnight sensor logs, this little surprise was waiting for me.
maybe i'm not quite awake, but it looks like its over 100 kilometers wide.
since commander tuvok has been unable to round up any suspects, i'd like to ask that stronger measures be taken.
perhaps an armed security detail... i'd like to ask permission to replicate some locking mechanisms for the cabinet doors.
i'll be bridge assistant for a while then, i'll be promoted to ensign.
it'll be lieutenant after that, and by the time we reach the alpha quadrant...
during your time with the borg, the collective assimilated hundreds of different species.
all of those neural patterns were integrated into the hive mind.
from what we can tell, the various neural patterns are surfacing randomly.
in essence, you've developed the borg equivalent of multiple personality disorder.
the signal appears to be emanating from the borg debris field we discovered this morning.
maybe we should jump to warp-- try to get out of range.
after four years at the academy, i thought i was ready for anything, but captain blackwood runs a tight ship and he seems to take special pleasure in tormenting new recruits.
the first officer tells me not to take it personally, but it's hard to be objective when...
i know i promised to write you every day, but that's simply not enough.
how about once in the morning when i resuscitate and once at night before i go into torpor and i'll think about you nonstop in between.
you know, i have been having a nagging pain in my lower left lobe, and while you're at it why don't you run a complete tricardial diagnostic?
the ferengi health commission is trying to revoke my trading license.
all the more reason to shut down the vinculum as soon as we can.
even if we do break the link, it may be too late.
but now that i am an individual those same voices... frighten me.
captain, i don't know if i can tolerate this condition much longer.
we've set a course to intercept them in the hopes they can help us restore seven of nine.
i've managed to stabilize her primary cortical functions, but the woman in sick bay is not seven of nine-- not anymore.
i will attempt to isolate her true self and guide it to the surface.
it's dangerous enough to meld with one person, let alone hundreds of different personalities.
we'll return it to you, but first we need to try to save our crew member.
we think we have a way to counteract the vinculum's effects.
you may not hear them, but i suspect they'll always be with you.
the members of this crew put themselves at risk to help me.
when i checked the overnight sensor logs, this little surprise was waiting for me.
maybe i'm not quite awake, but it looks like its over 100 kilometers wide.
since commander tuvok has been unable to round up any suspects, i'd like to ask that stronger measures be taken.
perhaps an armed security detail... i'd like to ask permission to replicate some locking mechanisms for the cabinet doors.
i'll be bridge assistant for a while then, i'll be promoted to ensign.
it'll be lieutenant after that, and by the time we reach the alpha quadrant...
during your time with the borg, the collective assimilated hundreds of different species.
all of those neural patterns were integrated into the hive mind.
from what we can tell, the various neural patterns are surfacing randomly.
in essence, you've developed the borg equivalent of multiple personality disorder.
the signal appears to be emanating from the borg debris field we discovered this morning.
maybe we should jump to warp-- try to get out of range.
after four years at the academy, i thought i was ready for anything, but captain blackwood runs a tight ship and he seems to take special pleasure in tormenting new recruits.
the first officer tells me not to take it personally, but it's hard to be objective when...
i know i promised to write you every day, but that's simply not enough.
how about once in the morning when i resuscitate and once at night before i go into torpor and i'll think about you nonstop in between.
you know, i have been having a nagging pain in my lower left lobe, and while you're at it why don't you run a complete tricardial diagnostic?
the ferengi health commission is trying to revoke my trading license.
all the more reason to shut down the vinculum as soon as we can.
even if we do break the link, it may be too late.
but now that i am an individual those same voices... frighten me.
captain, i don't know if i can tolerate this condition much longer.
we've set a course to intercept them in the hopes they can help us restore seven of nine.
i've managed to stabilize her primary cortical functions, but the woman in sick bay is not seven of nine-- not anymore.
i will attempt to isolate her true self and guide it to the surface.
it's dangerous enough to meld with one person, let alone hundreds of different personalities.
we'll return it to you, but first we need to try to save our crew member.
we think we have a way to counteract the vinculum's effects.
you may not hear them, but i suspect they'll always be with you.
the members of this crew put themselves at risk to help me.
when i checked the overnight sensor logs, this little surprise was waiting for me.
maybe i'm not quite awake, but it looks like its over 100 kilometers wide.
since commander tuvok has been unable to round up any suspects, i'd like to ask that stronger measures be taken.
perhaps an armed security detail... i'd like to ask permission to replicate some locking mechanisms for the cabinet doors.
i'll be bridge assistant for a while then, i'll be promoted to ensign.
it'll be lieutenant after that, and by the time we reach the alpha quadrant...
during your time with the borg, the collective assimilated hundreds of different species.
all of those neural patterns were integrated into the hive mind.
from what we can tell, the various neural patterns are surfacing randomly.
in essence, you've developed the borg equivalent of multiple personality disorder.
the signal appears to be emanating from the borg debris field we discovered this morning.
maybe we should jump to warp-- try to get out of range.
after four years at the academy, i thought i was ready for anything, but captain blackwood runs a tight ship and he seems to take special pleasure in tormenting new recruits.
the first officer tells me not to take it personally, but it's hard to be objective when...
i know i promised to write you every day, but that's simply not enough.
how about once in the morning when i resuscitate and once at night before i go into torpor and i'll think about you nonstop in between.
you know, i have been having a nagging pain in my lower left lobe, and while you're at it why don't you run a complete tricardial diagnostic?
the ferengi health commission is trying to revoke my trading license.
all the more reason to shut down the vinculum as soon as we can.
even if we do break the link, it may be too late.
but now that i am an individual those same voices... frighten me.
captain, i don't know if i can tolerate this condition much longer.
we've set a course to intercept them in the hopes they can help us restore seven of nine.
i've managed to stabilize her primary cortical functions, but the woman in sick bay is not seven of nine-- not anymore.
i will attempt to isolate her true self and guide it to the surface.
it's dangerous enough to meld with one person, let alone hundreds of different personalities.
we'll return it to you, but first we need to try to save our crew member.
we think we have a way to counteract the vinculum's effects.
you may not hear them, but i suspect they'll always be with you.
the members of this crew put themselves at risk to help me.
robert wants me to go with him on his patrol tonight, you know.
sit in the car where all the action is, and wear a bulletproof vest.
you don't have to worry anymore 'cause it'll never happen again.
gentle raymond can stay as far away from me as possible.
workshipped as the son of ra, the sun-god he was a pharoah of egypt 3,000 years ago.
we don't know how he died only that his death was sudden and mysterious.
his body was preserved in the manner of other pharaohs and priests anointed his coffin to prepare him for his final journey... into the world of the dead.
the rituals had to be finished before his father, the sun, descended into darkness.
so this young pharaoh was secured in his tomb surrounded by kingly treasures and his seal was pressed into its entrance.
from that time on, it was to be a place of peace hidden and undisturbed throught eternity.
carter's benefactor, lord carnarvon was an english earl fascinated by egypt but even he was losing faith and had threatened to cut off the money.
yes, carter persisted knowing that if found intact the tomb would be filled with amazing artifacts that would help us peer through the shadows of time... to glimpse a world of human splendor long lost..
the white nile, which rises near lake victoria and heads north through uganda and the blue nile, which descends from the highlands of ethiopia.
they must in the desert of sudan forming the main trunk of the nile.
by the time it deains into the mediterranean sea its waters have journeyed more than 4,000 miles.
to the outside world the source of the great river was an enduring mystery but to the ancient egyptians, the source was clear:
you see, egypt without the nile is a desert- suitable for camels and scorpions but not great civilizations.
it's only here, along the floodplain of the nile that the desert's heat is softened and arid sand is turned to rich farmland.
in ancient times, so much water raced down from the lush valleys of central africa that the nile overflowed its banks in seasonal floods.
mineral-rich silt was carried toward the desert of egypt from lands upstream where wildlife flourished.
they studied the heavens and the seasons- gave us the 24-hour day and a 365-day calendar.
egypt, an old saying goes was the gift of the nile.
his son, the new pharaoh, became horus, the falcon- the living god on earth.
and so, the egyptians accorded their rulers absolute power which they used to build an extraordinary empire.
an empire of buildings so enormous and art so exquisite we are still trying to understand how such wonders were created... how stones from the desert were tirmed into timeless mounments.
some of the oldest buildings on earth are here preserved by the desert air and the skill of their creators.
some are so old that they had already stood a thousand years when tutankhamen was born
the enormous obelisks of karnak were carved from sigle blocks of granite moved hundreds of miles by boat rolled on logs and perhaps levered up with huge timbers.
giant statues of ramses the great carved at abu simbel are still some of the largest fingures ever sculpted from solid stone.
we don't know how they did it, but we do know why- to honer the pharaohs, both in life and after death.
when the young king died the priests sought to create a magical new body for him.
for 70 days they labored drying and preserving the royal body with salts and ointments then wrapping it in hundreds of feet of linen laden with protective jewels, charms and amulets.
had the boy lived and died a thousand years earlier he would have been buried like pharaohs long before him... in a mounment of colossal proportions- a man-made mountain of stone called "the pyramids."
they probably saw the pyramid shape as a mystical link beyween earth and sky providing the pharaoh's soul with a stairway to the heavens.
of the fabled seven wonders of the ancient world only the pyramids of giza remain made more than 4,000 years ago.
nearly 500 feet tall they contain some of the largest pieces of stone ever moved by humans- as much as 50 tons or more.
yet, this was accomplished without wheels or pulleys or even hand-tools.
how in the world did they do it without odern machinery?
then one day, you're selected to hourney be boat down the nile.
you are now part of the great national project to build the pharaoh's tomb
how did they move such heavy stones to such great heights?
there are many theories but they probably pulled the blocks up mud-slickened ramps.
raising the ramps as the pyramid grew measons then set the stones with such precision a postcard couldn't fit beyween them.
to creat the great pyramid of khufu, it took over 20 years and more than ywo million stone blocks and some 20,000 people and they might have been slaves but now we think they were mostly peasant farmers recruited to work here part of the year.
there were robbers who cared far more about heaps of gold than an eternal journey.
the pyramids, to these thieves, were like enormous billboards saying, "we've buried the king in here and all this treasure with him."
that, at least, is what howard carter believed and if he was right it would be the greatest archaeological discovery of modern times.
after five years, he still hadn't found it and the situation was becoming desperate.
then, on the morning of november the fourth, 1922 a water boy trying to secure his jug hit an unusual rock.
carter sent a telegram to lord carnarvon in england to come quickly and went to cairo to meet his benefactor but while he was away something very strange happened.
the golden bird that had brought him luck was killed by a cobra.
well, now, the cobra was a protector of the pharaoh and the canary represents those who had entered the tomb.
the death of the golden bird was a bad omen to them.
it meant that someone close to the project would die within the year.
carter wanted to find treasure but if not, something just as precious-
pictures- hieroglyphs that would reveal priceless knowledge of how the ancients lived and what they believed.
these images are from the egyptian books of the dead- passbooks to eternity which were buried with the mummy.
to help a dead king reach the afterlife they supplied answers to questions he would be asked- spells to deflect dangers along the way.
yes- and probably because not ancient people enjoyed life as much as they did.
there are picture stories of invention and adventure of board games and ball games, of dance and music
of acrobats and mechanical toys of the affection beyween husbands and wives and of family unity and love.
it was the most advanced civilization of its time and it went on for 3,000 years but the empire they amassed attracted invaders.
even more determined... and so, gradually, inevitably the kingdom of egypt began to crumble.
well, how could a place as powerful as egypt just clooapse?
actually, many things happened but mostly it was the weakening of the pharaoh's power through civil turmoil making egypt vulnerable to invaders.
little by little, much of the pharaoh's great empire along with its secrets, was reclaimed by the desert
but even as the monuments of egypt crumble the stories are reduscovered by modern archeologists deciphering the distant past
scholars and artists are preserving the great sphinx for all humanity
research within the giza pyramids has revealed the brilliance of ancient architects whose sophisticated designs prevented the clooapse of these inner chambers and passageways.
dna analysis is helping to identify family ties of the royal mummies and to give us clues about how they lived... and died.
new excavations are uncovering the support system of settlements and facilities for the workers who built the giza pyramids.
these new discoveries and many more owe themselves, at least in part to one discovery- not quite as modern- of the tomb of a teenage pharaoh.
and they were wonderful things kept hidden for over 3,000 years in four chambers carved from solid rock.
they entered to find the only intact king's tomb ever discovered in modern times.
the stone creations that still loom up from the desert are new testaments of humanity's great stride forward from hunters and gatherers to builders of majestic strutures to dreamers of grand dreams.
these stone wonders are the shape of our beginnings- towering symbols of our rise to become thinkers, artists, poets and builders.
well, lord carnarvon did die an untimely death but howard carter lived to be 65.
and the little water boy who was one of the first into the tomb because of his size lived to a ripe old age, as did most of the workers.
it was the beginning of a great journey through eternity where their gods and kings sailed the morning ship across a lake of flames in the sky
wonders long hidden but revealed occasionally in a glint of gold or a curious tale.
our story begins with a death the death of an unusual boy.
workshipped as the son of ra, the sun-god he was a pharoah of egypt 3,000 years ago.
we don't know how he died only that his death was sudden and mysterious.
his body was preserved in the manner of other pharaohs and priests anointed his coffin to prepare him for his final journey... into the world of the dead.
the rituals had to be finished before his father, the sun, descended into darkness.
so this young pharaoh was secured in his tomb surrounded by kingly treasures
carter's benefactor, lord carnarvon was an english earl fascinated by egypt
but even he was losing faith and had threatened to cut off the money.
that's a great story, grandpa, but i want to know more.
you live here, and i know you can tell me the real story.
i don't know if i believe it but will you tell me about it?
so, the pharaohs, the tomb, the monuments the great civilization who built them you're not interested in
they must in the desert of sudan forming the main trunk of the nile.
by the time it deains into the mediterranean sea its waters have journeyed more than 4,000 miles.
there would be no mummies, no ancient egypt in fact, no egypt at all without her.
you see, egypt without the nile is a desert suitable for camels and scorpions but not great civilizations.
mineral-rich silt was carried toward the desert of egypt from lands upstream where wildlife flourished.
rich land made possible a vast farming culture and a stable civilization able to turn from daily survival to works of the mind.
egypt, an old saying goes was the gift of the nile.
but the egyptians believed there was one thing even mightier than the nile the sun- the god they called ra the god who created everything.
his son, the new pharaoh, became horus, the falcon the living god on earth.
and so, the egyptians accorded their rulers absolute power which they used to build an extraordinary empire.
an empire of buildings so enormous and art so exquisite we are still trying to understand how such wonders were created... how stones from the desert were tirmed into timeless mounments.
some of the oldest buildings on earth are here preserved by the desert air and the skill of their creators.
some are so old that they had already stood a thousand years when tutankhamen was born
the enormous obelisks of karnak were carved from sigle blocks of granite moved hundreds of miles by boat rolled on logs and perhaps levered up with huge timbers.
giant statues of ramses the great carved at abu simbel are still some of the largest fingures ever sculpted from solid stone.
we don't know how they did it, but we do know why to honer the pharaohs, both in life and after death.
when the young king died the priests sought to create a magical new body for him.
for 70 days they labored drying and preserving the royal body with salts and ointments then wrapping it in hundreds of feet of linen laden with protective jewels, charms and amulets.
had the boy lived and died a thousand years earlier he would have been buried like pharaohs long before him... in a mounment of colossal proportions- a man-made mountain of stone called "the pyramids."
they probably saw the pyramid shape as a mystical link beyween earth and sky providing the pharaoh's soul with a stairway to the heavens.
of the fabled seven wonders of the ancient world only the pyramids of giza remain made more than 4,000 years ago.
nearly 500 feet tall they contain some of the largest pieces of stone ever moved by humans as much as 50 tons or more.
yet, this was accomplished without wheels or pulleys or even hand-tools.
how in the world did they do it without modern machinery?
then one day, you're selected to journey be boat down the nile.
you are now part of the great national project to build the pharaoh's tomb
how did they move such heavy stones to such great heights?
there are many theories but they probably pulled the blocks up mud-slickened ramps.
raising the ramps as the pyramid grew measons then set the stones with such precision a postcard couldn't fit beyween them.
to creat the great pyramid of khufu, it took over 20 years and more than ywo million stone blocks and some 20,000 people and they might have been slaves but now we think they were mostly peasant farmers recruited to work here part of the year.
there were robbers who cared far more about heaps of gold than an eternal journey.
the pyramids, to these thieves, were like enormous billboards saying, "we've buried the king in here and all this treasure with him."
that, at least, is what howard carter believed and if he was right it would be the greatest archaeological discovery of modern times.
after five years, he still hadn't found it and the situation was becoming desperate.
then, on the morning of november the fourth, 1922 a water boy trying to secure his jug hit an unusual rock.
carter sent a telegram to lord carnarvon in england to come quickly and went to cairo to meet his benefactor but while he was away something very strange happened.
the golden bird that had brought him luck was killed by a cobra.
well, now, the cobra was a protector of the pharaoh and the canary represents those who had entered the tomb.
the death of the golden bird was a bad omen to them.
it meant that someone close to the project would die within the year.
carter wanted to find treasure but if not, something just as precious
pictures hieroglyphs that would reveal priceless knowledge of how the ancients lived and what they believed.
these images are from the egyptian books of the dead passbooks to eternity which were buried with the mummy.
to help a dead king reach the afterlife they supplied answers to questions he would be asked spells to deflect dangers along the way.
there are picture stories of invention and adventure of board games and ball games, of dance and music
of acrobats and mechanical toys of the affection beyween husbands and wives and of family unity and love.
it was the most advanced civilization of its time and it went on for 3,000 years but the empire they amassed attracted invaders.
among the stories on temple walls are accounts of battles against outsiders who tried to conquer the kingdom of the pharaohs.
well, how could a place as powerful as egypt just clooapse?
actually, many things happened but mostly it was the weakening of the pharaoh's power through civil turmoil making egypt vulnerable to invaders.
little by little, much of the pharaoh's great empire along with its secrets, was reclaimed by the desert
but even as the monuments of egypt crumble the stories are reduscovered by modern archeologists deciphering the distant past
scholars and artists are preserving the great sphinx for all humanity
research within the giza pyramids has revealed the brilliance of ancient architects whose sophisticated designs prevented the clooapse of these inner chambers and passageways.
dna analysis is helping to identify family ties of the royal mummies and to give us clues about how they lived... and died.
new excavations are uncovering the support system of settlements and facilities for the workers who built the giza pyramids.
these new discoveries and many more owe themselves, at least in part to one discovery not quite as modern of the tomb of a teenage pharaoh.
on november 26, 1922, howard carter reached the wall outside the first chamber of tutankhamen's tomb.
well over 2,000 objects of gold, alabaster, lapis and precious jewels made thousands of years ago by master craftsmen.
they gave us a personal glimpse of the royal life in ancient egypt
the stone creations that still loom up from the desert are new testaments of humanity's great stride forward from hunters and gatherers to builders of majestic strutures to dreamers of grand dreams.
these stone wonders are the shape of our beginnings towering symbols of our rise to become thinkers, artists, poets and builders.
well, lord carnarvon did die an untimely death but howard carter lived to be 65.
and the little water boy who was one of the first into the tomb because of his size lived to a ripe old age, as did most of the workers.
wonders long hidden but revealed occasionally in a glint of gold or a curious tale.
our story begins with a death- the death of an unusual boy.
workshipped as the son of ra, the sun-god he was a pharoah of egypt 3,000 years ago.
we don't know how he died only that his death was sudden and mysterious.
his body was preserved in the manner of other pharaohs and priests anointed his coffin to prepare him for his final journey... into the world of the dead.
the rituals had to be finished before his father, the sun, descended into darkness.
so this young pharaoh was secured in his tomb surrounded by kingly treasures and his seal was pressed into its entrance.
from that time on, it was to be a place of peace hidden and undisturbed throught eternity.
carter's benefactor, lord carnarvon was an english earl fascinated by egypt but even he was losing faith and had threatened to cut off the money.
yes, carter persisted knowing that if found intact the tomb would be filled with amazing artifacts that would help us peer through the shadows of time... to glimpse a world of human splendor long lost..
the white nile, which rises near lake victoria and heads north through uganda and the blue nile, which descends from the highlands of ethiopia.
they must in the desert of sudan forming the main trunk of the nile.
by the time it deains into the mediterranean sea its waters have journeyed more than 4,000 miles.
to the outside world the source of the great river was an enduring mystery but to the ancient egyptians, the source was clear:
you see, egypt without the nile is a desert- suitable for camels and scorpions but not great civilizations.
it's only here, along the floodplain of the nile that the desert's heat is softened and arid sand is turned to rich farmland.
in ancient times, so much water raced down from the lush valleys of central africa that the nile overflowed its banks in seasonal floods.
mineral-rich silt was carried toward the desert of egypt from lands upstream where wildlife flourished.
they studied the heavens and the seasons- gave us the 24-hour day and a 365-day calendar.
egypt, an old saying goes was the gift of the nile.
and so, the egyptians accorded their rulers absolute power which they used to build an extraordinary empire.
an empire of buildings so enormous and art so exquisite we are still trying to understand how such wonders were created... how stones from the desert were tirmed into timeless mounments.
some of the oldest buildings on earth are here preserved by the desert air and the skill of their creators.
some are so old that they had already stood a thousand years when tutankhamen was born
the enormous obelisks of karnak were carved from sigle blocks of granite moved hundreds of miles by boat rolled on logs and perhaps levered up with huge timbers.
giant statues of ramses the great carved at abu simbel are still some of the largest fingures ever sculpted from solid stone.
for 70 days they labored drying and preserving the royal body with salts and ointments then wrapping it in hundreds of feet of linen laden with protective jewels, charms and amulets.
and finally crowning the mummy with an exquisite golden death mask.
they probably saw the pyramid shape as a mystical link beyween earth and sky providing the pharaoh's soul with a stairway to the heavens.
of the fabled seven wonders of the ancient world only the pyramids of giza remain made more than 4,000 years ago.
nearly 500 feet tall they contain some of the largest pieces of stone ever moved by humans- as much as 50 tons or more.
yet, this was accomplished without wheels or pulleys or even hand-tools.
and finally you must get these big stones from down here to up there and you must make them all fit perfectly.
now, that takes knowledge- an incredible knowledge of engineering and organization.
imagine begin one of these people living in a tiny village more than 4,000 years ago.
life would be pretty much the same day in and day out:
and then you see... a monument to the sun- to life eternal.
how did they move such heavy stones to such great heights?
there are many theories but they probably pulled the blocks up mud-slickened ramps.
raising the ramps as the pyramid grew measons then set the stones with such precision a postcard couldn't fit beyween them.
to creat the great pyramid of khufu, it took over 20 years and more than ywo million stone blocks and some 20,000 people and they might have been slaves but now we think they were mostly peasant farmers recruited to work here part of the year.
with their help the early pharaohs built more than a hundred pyramids
cleverly hiding their devious enterprises robbers scoured the valley of the kings.
over time, each of the valley tombs was found, broken into and completely plundered except for one.
after five years, he still hadn't found it and the situation was becoming desperate.
then, on the morning of november the fourth, 1922 a water boy trying to secure his jug hit an unusual rock.
carter sent a telegram to lord carnarvon in england to come quickly and went to cairo to meet his benefactor but while he was away something very strange happened.
the golden bird that had brought him luck was killed by a cobra.
well, now, the cobra was a protector of the pharaoh and the canary represents those who had entered the tomb.
so the cobra ate the canary because of the mummy's curse?
he hoped his dig would uncover a tomb like this one- the tomb of a pharaoh named ramses vl who ruled long after king tut
carter wanted to find treasure but if not, something just as precious-
pictures- hieroglyphs that would reveal priceless knowledge of how the ancients lived and what they believed.
these images are from the egyptian books of the dead- passbooks to eternity which were buried with the mummy.
in grand temples once supported by these pillars- among the largest places of worship ever built- the living pharaohs gave offerings as a way of communicating with the gods and the world beyond and courting their favor.
both immense and colorful temples like the great structure called madinat habu were the setting for magnificent rituals that proclaimed to all not only the pharaoh's power and wealth, but his devotion to the gods he would one day join on a journey through eternity.
there are picture stories of invention and adventure of board games and ball games, of dance and music
of acrobats and mechanical toys of the affection beyween husbands and wives and of family unity and love.
it was the most advanced civilization of its time and it went on for 3,000 years but the empire they amassed attracted invaders.
among the stories on temple walls are accounts of battles against outsiders who tried to conquer the kingdom of the pharaohs.
well, how could a place as powerful as egypt just clooapse?
actually, many things happened but mostly it was the weakening of the pharaoh's power through civil turmoil making egypt vulnerable to invaders.
little by little, much of the pharaoh's great empire along with its secrets, was reclaimed by the desert
but even as the monuments of egypt crumble the stories are reduscovered by modern archeologists deciphering the distant past
scholars and artists are preserving the great sphinx for all humanity
research within the giza pyramids has revealed the brilliance of ancient architects whose sophisticated designs prevented the clooapse of these inner chambers and passageways.
dna analysis is helping to identify family ties of the royal mummies and to give us clues about how they lived... and died.
new excavations are uncovering the support system of settlements and facilities for the workers who built the giza pyramids.
these new discoveries and many more owe themselves, at least in part to one discovery- not quite as modern- of the tomb of a teenage pharaoh.
on november 26, 1922, howard carter reached the wall outside the first chamber of tutankhamen's tomb.
well over 2,000 objects of gold, alabaster, lapis and precious jewels made thousands of years ago by master craftsmen.
they gave us a personal glimpse of the royal life in ancient egypt
the stone creations that still loom up from the desert are new testaments of humanity's great stride forward from hunters and gatherers to builders of majestic strutures to dreamers of grand dreams.
these stone wonders are the shape of our beginnings- towering symbols of our rise to become thinkers, artists, poets and builders.
well, lord carnarvon did die an untimely death but howard carter lived to be 65.
and the little water boy who was one of the first into the tomb because of his size lived to a ripe old age, as did most of the workers.
hercules possessed a strength the world had never seen, a strength surpassed only by the power of his heart.
he journeyed the earth battling the minions of his wicked stepmother, hera, the all-powerful queen of the gods.
for your information, if you had trusted me back there..., ...hercules would be safe and sound right about now.
yeah, or maybe you'd'a sold him off to the highest bidder.
there's nothing wrong with a little diversion from time to time.
besides, you've been such a party pooper lately..., ...and you know how i hate to sleep alone.
if i didn't know you better..., ...i'd say you actually care for that knuckle-dragger.
and if i didn't know you better..., ...i'd say you were jealous.
so, tell me..., ...what was it like watching the king of thieves in action?
from what i saw, i'm surprised you're not in prison already.
you see, who's to say one lifestyle is better than another?
why, just the other day i ran into a gnome, little fella...
now, if i told you i would be violating the sanctity of the thief/client relationship.
[ hercules ] you're not gonna fast-talk your way out of this one.
hercules possessed a strength the world had never seen, a strength surpassed only by the power of his heart.
he journeyed the earth, battling the minions of his wicked stepmother, hera, the all-powerful queen of the gods.
there's nothing wrong with a little diversion from time to time.
besides, you've been such a party pooper lately, and you know how i hate to sleep alone.
why, our fine line of skin care products... will leave you feeling fresh as the day zeus made you.
we start out with sandalwood oil... and a brisk massage to loosen up those aching muscles.
you look at me and see everything you wish you were, everything you could have been today.
now, listen, you-- i was ten times the thief you are!
you're nothing but a water boy to a half-god-- no, to a pig!
well, that's because i know that making a living out of other people's hard work... is nothing different than being a, a--
you see, who's to say one lifestyle is better than another?
why, just the other day i ran into a gnome-- little fella--
don't even get me started on the skeezes that slink out of your temple in the morning.
[ ares ] well, the mortal the merrier, that's what i always say.
while you' re locked in there all those years i ' ll be locked up out here waiting for you
i want to send a letter to a guy who cheated me
you' re the worst thing to happen to me i ' m only writing because your son josue asked me to
i told him you' re worthless and yet he still wants to meet you
i saw your ad in the personals column and your description was the only one that interested me
this jerk wrote the same thing to ten different women i ' m tall i have brown eyes straight hair
dear jesus you' re the worst thing to happen to me
at least try and show up for your son he still wants to meet you
he doesn't know you and wants to visit i ' m on vacation next month and can come with him
then i can see moises and isaias i ' m dying to see that bastard again!
- nice to meet you what he's told you but as you can see we treat our children as if we were one big family
they' ll all be going to wealthy families in europe, the states
but i thought he'd be nearby so we could see him.
it' ll give you a chance to visit pelotas, you love to travel.
i ' m at the bus station and i ' m in deep shit!
is that cute little friend of yours on duty with you?
put that in here and go wait for me in the truck!
i ' ll try my best to bring that reverend here in two weeks
look what i got with the money i had left i even had enough to buy this
- you didn't have any money left - l did so.
he built the house and he can make anything out of wood
your father was a drunkard know what that is, a drunkard?
mr bene is a good guy but he tends to be suspicious
the boy wants to be a trucker when he grows up
no, she's a letter writer she makes money writing letters for people
after i retired i started doing that to help make ends meet
that's not me i ' m jesse the letter's for jesus who used to live here.
wait a second, here this is his new address in the new settlements
he won a house in the lottery and so he sold this one
but let me tell you he drank it away, house and all
we took this land and are squatting on it and put in this carpentry workshop
moises grinds away here all day long he's even better than father now
i haven't sent a letter to anyone for a while but i ' m sending you this one now.
you were right your father will come back, i remember riding with my father in his train i was a little girl
when you' re driving down the road in your big truck remember that i was the first person lt will be better for you to stay with your brothers
if you miss me one day look at the picture we took together
but i thought he'd be nearby so we could see him.
it'll give you a chance to visit pelotas, you love to travel.
i always see them in church now wherever i go things have changed.
they'll be living in a different world, more in keeping with god's will.
i'll try my best to bring that reverend here in two weeks.
we'll see what he can do for the youngsters in our parish.
except for once... years later, i saw him in the street.
i froze, then found the courage... to go up to him. "remember me?" i said. "do you recognize me?"
i was just a little girl, but he let me blow the whistle the whole time.
when you're driving down the road in your big truck, remember that i was the first person to have you put your hand on the wheel.
if you miss me one day, look at the picture... we took together.
i'm telling you this because i'm afraid you too may forget me.
now, i'm not sure what he's told you, but as you can see... we treat our children as ifwe were one big family.
they'll all be going to wealthy families in europe, the states...
the padre jesuino vidal foundation in pelotas, state of rio grande do sul.
but i thought he'd be nearby so we could see him.
i always see them in church now wherever i go things have changed.
they'll be living in a different world, more in keeping with god's will.
i'll try my best to bring that reverend here in two weeks.
we'll see what he can do for the youngsters in our parish.
there's that guy who deceived me and i want to send him a letter.
ze amaro, thank you so much for what you've done to me.
"i saw your entry in the lonely hearts section of the classifieds and your description was the only one that interested me".
he's made me write ten letters already all saying the same thing.
i don't know what he told you but, as you can see, we treat our children as if they were ours.
they're all going to live with rich families in europe, or the states.
after i left yesterday, i kept wondering if you would be interested in other children.
i'm sorry, but for the moment, we don't need any more children.
if anyone shows up asking after me in the building, especially a well-built dark-skinned guy, and rings my bell, just keep yourself to yourself.
don't you dare make an appearance and ask him in for a coffee!
you see this was all in a lletter that my father once wrote to my mother.
it was his way of saying that he'd got tired of taking the same bus every day, meaning my mother, and had taken a cab instead, meaning another woman.
he's going to see his father in bom jesus do norte, but i have to get off here.
i was wondering if you could take care of him until he arrives.
i'll try my best to try to bring that reverend here in two weeks.
we'll see what he can do for the youngsters in our parish.
this is where jesus lives now, down in vila do joao.
he won a house in a riffle and sold this one.
ma, i'm here in bom jesus to thank the good jesus for the vow made about benicio marrying me.
thank you, good jesus, for making my husband give up the booze.
thank you, boy jesus, for making it rain on our fields this year.
i've come to bom jesus to let off ten colored rockets in your honor.
ana fontenele went to rio de janeiro about... 9 years ago carrying our youngest brother in her wombs.
dad's waited for ana fontenele to come back from rio for about 2 years.
it took me a good time to find a writer to tell you that only now i have realized that you must have gone back and found our new house while i'm here in rio, looking for you.
i want to be back before this letter but if it arrives before me,
i remember riding with my father in his train and he'd let me - a girl- blow the whistle all the way!
when you're driving down the road in your big truck, just remember that i was the first person to have you put your hands on the whello.
whenever you want to remember me, take a look at the small picture we took together.
i'm only saying that, because i'm afraid that, one day, you'll forget me.
now, i'm not sure... what he's told you, but as you can see... we treat our children as if we were one big family.
they'll all be going to wealthy families in europe, the states.
i'll try my best to bring that reverend here in two weeks.
we'll see what he can do for the youngsters in our parish.
i left home at sixteen, and never saw my father again.
except for once, years later, i saw him in the street.
i was just a little girl... but he let me blow the whistle the whole time.
when you're driving down the road in your big truck... remember that i was the first person... to have you put your hand on the wheel.
if you miss me one day... look at the picture we took together.
i'm telling you this because i'm afraid you, too, may forget me.
all the years that you are locked up in there remember that i too will be locked up out here waiting for you.
there's that guy who deceived me and i want to send him a letter.
he's got it into his head that he wants to meet you".
she said the boy wants to meet his drunkard of a father.
next month, i'll be on vacation and can take him there.
and i can get a chance to see moises and isaias...
it was his way of saying that he'd got tired of taking the same bus every day, meaning my mother, and had taken a cab instead, meaning another woman.
in the end, she was the one who took a cab into space.
this is where jesus lives now, down in vila do joao.
he won a house in a riffle and sold this one.
ma, i'm here in bom jesus to thank the good jesus for the vow made about benicio marrying me.
thank you, good jesus, for making my husband give up the booze.
thank you, boy jesus, for making it rain on our fields this year.
i've come to bom jesus to let off ten colored rockets in your honor.
ana fontenele went to rio de janeiro about... 9 years ago carrying our youngest brother in her wombs.
dad's waited for ana fontenele to come back from rio for about 2 years.
it took me a good time to find a writer to tell you that only now i have realized that you must have gone back and found our new house while i'm here in rio, looking for you.
i want to be back before this letter but if it arrives before me,
i remember riding with my father in his train and he'd let me - a girl- blow the whistle all the way!
when you're driving down the road in your big truck, just remember that i was the first person to have you put your hands on the wheel.
whenever you want to remember me, take a look at the small picture we took together.
i'm only saying that, because i'm afraid that, one day, you'll forget me.
while you' re locked in there all those years i ' ll be locked up out here waiting for you
i want to send a letter to a guy who cheated me
you' re the worst thing to happen to me i ' m only writing because your son josue asked me to
i told him you' re worthless and yet he still wants to meet you
i saw your ad in the personals column and your description was the only one that interested me
this jerk wrote the same thing to ten different women i ' m tall i have brown eyes straight hair
dear jesus you' re the worst thing to happen to me
at least try and show up for your son he still wants to meet you
he doesn't know you and wants to visit i ' m on vacation next month and can come with him
then i can see moises and isaias i ' m dying to see that bastard again!
- nice to meet you what he's told you but as you can see we treat our children as if we were one big family
they' ll all be going to wealthy families in europe, the states
but i thought he'd be nearby so we could see him.
it' ll give you a chance to visit pelotas, you love to travel.
i ' m at the bus station and i ' m in deep shit!
is that cute little friend of yours on duty with you?
put that in here and go wait for me in the truck!
i ' ll try my best to bring that reverend here in two weeks
look what i got with the money i had left i even had enough to buy this
- you didn't have any money left - l did so.
he built the house and he can make anything out of wood
your father was a drunkard know what that is, a drunkard?
mr bene is a good guy but he tends to be suspicious
the boy wants to be a trucker when he grows up
no, she's a letter writer she makes money writing letters for people
after i retired i started doing that to help make ends meet
that's not me i ' m jesse the letter's for jesus who used to live here.
wait a second, here this is his new address in the new settlements
he won a house in the lottery and so he sold this one
but let me tell you he drank it away, house and all
we took this land and are squatting on it and put in this carpentry workshop
moises grinds away here all day long he's even better than father now
i haven't sent a letter to anyone for a while but i ' m sending you this one now.
you were right your father will come back, i remember riding with my father in his train i was a little girl
when you' re driving down the road in your big truck remember that i was the first person lt will be better for you to stay with your brothers
if you miss me one day look at the picture we took together
every time you come home, they act like they haven't seen you in a year.
and the good thing about dogs is they got different dogs for different people.
pit bull can be the right man's best friend and the wrong man's worst enemy.
you going to give me a dog for a pet, give me a pit bull.
but if i was ever depressed she'd lay her head in my lap, look up at me with those big old eyes.
even though i thought i hated that dog i loved her.
i just want her to see me blow my brains out.
i want her to think about that when she's sucking that fat prick's cock.
guys in our precinct, guys we might call our friends stealing our own money.
i would've told you sooner, but this is my first chance.
i just wish you'd start differentiating between crazy and just plain stupid.
i know this marriage thing is new to you but coming home every night is a big part of it.
some guy he was at academy with and knew from area 6.
this guy said he knew what was going down with the pension fund.
you have no proof the money was from the fund or that he opened the accounts.
the money was well-laundered but the last deposit matched the last amount stolen.
i talked a man out of blowing up the sears tower but i can't talk my wife out of a bedroom or my kid off a phone.
that's because no one's standing behind you with a big gun.
we're here to find out who took our money and who killed nate because it wasn't me.
there's some bad cops among us and today we're going to find out who they are.
but i'm that same son of a bitch you trusted your lives with played softball with, went drinking with.
the same guy you invited to your house to celebrate your kid's baptism, tonray.
if i ask you a question about something visual, like your favorite color your eyes go up and to the left.
neurophysiology tells us your eyes go in that direction because you're accessing the visual cortex.
if you cough, sneeze, cross your legs, scratch your ass they're all tell-tale signs.
you can stare at me with those dead-ass eyes all you want.
next time you try and bluff, make sure you charge your cell phone.
now, you want to tell me what i'm doing up here?
i would like to introduce you to the negotiator, chris sabian who, as of now, has full command.
my name is chris sabian and as of now, all decisions go through me.
what am i going to have to do to be heard?
am i going to have to hurt somebody to get respect?
they've cleared the barricades and it looks like those are federal sedans, fbi agents, in fact, arriving on the scene.
this is a major development, because up until now this negotiation has been handled exclusively by the chicago police.
don't think you've bought anything by asking me to come here.
because you need to remember i am a stranger to you.
it would help if you could tell me about danny's relationship to the fund his case, and this informant.
anything you might've overheard or that you know that might be of use to me that you think is pertinent.
with this type of entry, we can control him if he starts shooting hostages.
we can go in there strong, 2-3 seconds from bang to bullets.
and have available hbt units meet me at the corner of addison and iroquois.
i also need an hbt supervisor to finish clearing the building.
when you come in, they act as if they haven't seen you in a year.
the good thing about dogs is they got different dogs for different people.
pit bull can be the right man's best friend and the wrong man's worst enemy.
you going to give me a dog, give me a pit bull.
i just want her to see me blow my brains out.
i want her to think about that when she's sucking that fat prick's cock.
no, i was in the army and i fucking hate dogs.
despite how things worked out, you put these guys in jeopardy.
some guy he was at academy with and knew from area 6.
this guy said he knew what was going down with the pension fund.
somebody found out nate was investigating the fund off this informant's tip and they took him out.
let's go back to the beginning-- l just found my partner with his head blown off.
we have a gun linked to you and a pair of gloves from the water.
which explains why your client had no powder on his hands.
i know the rules of engagement so don 't test me.
you got 4 minutes to get sabian here or you'll find out just how serious i am.
i ask you something visual, like your favorite color your eyes go up and to the left.
neurophysiology tells us they go that way as you access your visual cortex.
what do you do when you're not talking guys like me down?
i'm a homebody. i spend a lot of time with my family.
all i asked for was time, and they tried to take me out!
it is the policy of the chicago police to resolve hostage situations with regard for the preservation of life!
until now this negotiation has been handled by the chicago police.
the feds are either coming to aid the negotiations or more likely, to take over the negotiations.
could you tell me about danny's relationship to the fund his case and this informant?
anything you overheard or know that might be pertinent or of use to me?
there's one across the street but that's probably out of the question.
you can use it if you hold it till we get out.
no, i was in the army and i fucking hate dogs.
despite how things worked out, you put these guys in jeopardy.
some guy he was at academy with and knew from area 6.
this guy said he knew what was going down with the pension fund.
he'd never be paid if the claims agent wasn't in on it.
so you need somebody to do the paperwork, then cover it up.
i just wanna tell you how close i came to busting your ass becaυse of that shit.
but becaυse it'll never happen again' right, i'll let it go.
what i love about you is that you do these crazy things.
it's just that i wish you'd start differentiating between crazy and stυpid.
this gυy said he knew what was going down with the pension fund.
the informant didn't come to you guys becaυse he thought someone from internal affairs was involved.
we have a gun linked to yoυ and a pair of gloves that we took from the water.
which explains why your client had no powder on his hands.
guns are not new to me but i'd rather avoid them if i get the chance.
well' i don't think yoυ're gonna have that chance this time, maggie.
if i thoυght sending these guys, my team in would put more people in jeopardy i woυldn't consider it.
i don't wanna go in there, bυt it's oυr best option.
i'm the same gυy you invited to yoυr hoυse to celebrate your kid's baptism, tonray.
the same guy who saved palermo's ass when that sniper had a bead on him at the stadium gig.
and now yoυ got hostages so let me tell you this:
yoυ hurt one of them, yoυ bυrn up whatever currency yoυ got to deal with me.
i would like to introduce you to the negotiator' chris sabian who' as of now, has full command.
my name is chris sabian, and as of right now' all decisions go through me.
all i asked for was more time' and they tried to take me oυt!
it is the policy of the chicago police to resolve all hostage situations with the utmost regard for the preservation of life!
this is a major development for this story, because up until now this negotiation has been handled by the chicago police department.
with the arrival of the feds, they are either coming to aid in the negotiation or perhaps, more likely, to take over the negotiations.
they didn't tell you they were coming in' because they want me dead.
one more gun goes off and i'm gonna give the order to move in myself.
we have a real concern he may kill one of our men.
that may not mean much to you, bυt it means a hell of a lot to us.
there's one across the street in a nice restaυrant but i'm sυre that's probably out of the question.
yoυ can υse that one if you can hold it till we get out of here.
ηe'll name names if yoυ grant him immunity on the murder charge.
[over radio] you call me back if we have a deal.
i need an air unit deployed to the 1300 block of addison.
ηave available ηbt units meet me at the corner of addison and iroquois.
every time you come home, they act like they haven't seen you in a year.
and the good thing about dogs is they got different dogs for different people.
pit bull can be the right man's best friend and the wrong man's worst enemy.
you going to give me a dog for a pet, give me a pit bull.
but if i was ever depressed she'd lay her head in my lap, look up at me with those big old eyes.
even though i thought i hated that dog i loved her.
i just want her to see me blow my brains out.
i want her to think about that when she's sucking that fat prick's cock.
guys in our precinct, guys we might call our friends stealing our own money.
i would've told you sooner, but this is my first chance.
i just wish you'd start differentiating between crazy and just plain stupid.
i know this marriage thing is new to you but coming home every night is a big part of it.
some guy he was at academy with and knew from area 6.
this guy said he knew what was going down with the pension fund.
you have no proof the money was from the fund or that he opened the accounts.
the money was well-laundered but the last deposit matched the last amount stolen.
i talked a man out of blowing up the sears tower but i can't talk my wife out of a bedroom or my kid off a phone.
that's because no one's standing behind you with a big gun.
we're here to find out who took our money and who killed nate because it wasn't me.
there's some bad cops among us and today we're going to find out who they are.
but i'm that same son of a bitch you trusted your lives with played softball with, went drinking with.
the same guy you invited to your house to celebrate your kid's baptism, tonray.
if i ask you a question about something visual, like your favorite color your eyes go up and to the left.
neurophysiology tells us your eyes go in that direction because you're accessing the visual cortex.
if you cough, sneeze, cross your legs, scratch your ass they're all tell-tale signs.
you can stare at me with those dead-ass eyes all you want.
next time you try and bluff, make sure you charge your cell phone.
now, you want to tell me what i'm doing up here?
i would like to introduce you to the negotiator, chris sabian who, as of now, has full command.
my name is chris sabian and as of now, all decisions go through me.
what am i going to have to do to be heard?
am i going to have to hurt somebody to get respect?
they've cleared the barricades and it looks like those are federal sedans, fbi agents, in fact, arriving on the scene.
this is a major development, because up until now this negotiation has been handled exclusively by the chicago police.
don't think you've bought anything by asking me to come here.
because you need to remember i am a stranger to you.
it would help if you could tell me about danny's relationship to the fund his case, and this informant.
anything you might've overheard or that you know that might be of use to me that you think is pertinent.
with this type of entry, we can control him if he starts shooting hostages.
we can go in there strong, 2-3 seconds from bang to bullets.
and have available hbt units meet me at the corner of addison and iroquois.
i also need an hbt supervisor to finish clearing the building.
until now this negotiation has been handled by the chicago police.
the feds are either coming to aid the negotiations or more likely, to take over the negotiations.
he'd never be paid if the claims agent wasn't in on it.
so you need somebody to do the paperwork, then cover it up.
no, i was in the army and i fucking hate dogs.
despite how things worked out, you put these guys in jeopardy.
some guy he was at academy with and knew from area 6.
this guy said he knew what was going down with the pension fund.
this guy said he knew what was going down with the pension fund.
the informant didn't come to you guys because he thought someone in internal affairs was involved.
can you come up with an explanation as to why you had that kind of money?
you have no proof the money was from the fund or that he opened the accounts.
we have a gun linked to you and a pair of gloves from the water.
which explains why your client had no powder on his hands.
and i want you to apologize to your mother for saying she looks "wide."
that is not a good word to use. "wide." how'd you like to be called wide?
the same guy you invited to your house to celebrate your kid's baptism, tonray.
the same guy who saved palermo's ass when that sniper had a bead on him at the stadium gig.
now, tell me when did you find out nate was investigating the fund?
i first found that nathan was conducting the investigation after i spoke with you after he was killed.
now, you want to tell me what i'm doing up here?
i wanted to tell you face to face i'm not crazy.
all i asked for was more time and they tried to take me out!
it is the policy of the chicago police to resolve all hostage situations with the utmost regard for the preservation of life!
this is a major development, because up until now this negotiation has been handled exclusively by the chicago police.
the arrival of the feds means they are either coming to aid in negotiation or perhaps more likely, to take over the negotiations.
they didn't tell you they were coming in because they want me dead.
one more gun goes off and i'll give the order to move in myself.
i found some taps that prove niebaum's been lying all along.
i heard something on one that i need you to ask linda about.
we have a real concern he'll kill another of our men.
that may not mean much to you but it means a lot to us.
there's one across the street in a restaurant but that's probably out of the question.
you can use that one if you can hold it till we get out.
he'd never get paid if the claims agent wasn't in on it.
so you need somebody with access to put the paperwork through, then cover it up.
i need an air unit deployed to the 1300 block of addison.
and have available hbt units meet me at the corner of addison and iroquois.
this guy said he knew what was going down with the pension fund.
the informant didn't come to you guys because he thought someone in internal affairs was involved.
can you come up with an explanation as to why you had that kind of money?
you have no proof the money was from the fund or that he opened the accounts.
we have a gun linked to you and a pair of gloves from the water.
which explains why your client had no powder on his hands.
and i want you to apologize to your mother for saying she looks "wide."
that is not a good word to use. "wide." how'd you like to be called wide?
the same guy you invited to your house to celebrate your kid's baptism, tonray.
the same guy who saved palermo's ass when that sniper had a bead on him at the stadium gig.
now, tell me when did you find out nate was investigating the fund?
i first found that nathan was conducting the investigation after i spoke with you after he was killed.
now, you want to tell me what i'm doing up here?
i wanted to tell you face to face i'm not crazy.
all i asked for was more time and they tried to take me out!
it is the policy of the chicago police to resolve all hostage situations with the utmost regard for the preservation of life!
this is a major development, because up until now this negotiation has been handled exclusively by the chicago police.
the arrival of the feds means they are either coming to aid in negotiation or perhaps more likely, to take over the negotiations.
they didn't tell you they were coming in because they want me dead.
one more gun goes off and i'll give the order to move in myself.
i found some taps that prove niebaum's been lying all along.
i heard something on one that i need you to ask linda about.
we have a real concern he'll kill another of our men.
that may not mean much to you but it means a lot to us.
there's one across the street in a restaurant but that's probably out of the question.
you can use that one if you can hold it till we get out.
he'd never get paid if the claims agent wasn't in on it.
so you need somebody with access to put the paperwork through, then cover it up.
i need an air unit deployed to the 1300 block of addison.
and have available hbt units meet me at the corner of addison and iroquois.
when you come in, they act as if they haven't seen you in a year.
the good thing about dogs is they got different dogs for different people.
pit bull can be the right man's best friend and the wrong man's worst enemy.
you going to give me a dog, give me a pit bull.
i just want her to see me blow my brains out.
i want her to think about that when she's sucking that fat prick's cock.
no, i was in the army and i fucking hate dogs.
despite how things worked out, you put these guys in jeopardy.
some guy he was at academy with and knew from area 6.
this guy said he knew what was going down with the pension fund.
somebody found out nate was investigating the fund off this informant's tip and they took him out.
let's go back to the beginning-- l just found my partner with his head blown off.
we have a gun linked to you and a pair of gloves from the water.
which explains why your client had no powder on his hands.
i know the rules of engagement so don 't test me.
you got 4 minutes to get sabian here or you'll find out just how serious i am.
i ask you something visual, like your favorite color your eyes go up and to the left.
neurophysiology tells us they go that way as you access your visual cortex.
what do you do when you're not talking guys like me down?
i'm a homebody. i spend a lot of time with my family.
all i asked for was time, and they tried to take me out!
it is the policy of the chicago police to resolve hostage situations with regard for the preservation of life!
until now this negotiation has been handled by the chicago police.
the feds are either coming to aid the negotiations or more likely, to take over the negotiations.
could you tell me about danny's relationship to the fund his case and this informant?
anything you overheard or know that might be pertinent or of use to me?
there's one across the street but that's probably out of the question.
you can use it if you hold it till we get out.
every time you come home, they act like they haven´t seen you in a year.
and the good thing about dogs is they got different dogs for different people.
pit bull can be the right man´s best friend and the wrong man´s worst enemy.
you going to give me a dog for a pet, give me a pit bull.
but if i was ever depressed she´d lay her head in my lap, look up at me with those big old eyes.
even though i thought i hated that dog i ioved her.
i just want her to see me blow my brains out.
i want her to think about that when she´s sucking that fat prick´s cock.
guys in our precinct, guys we might call our friends stealing our own money.
i would´ve told you sooner, but this is my first chance.
i just wish you´d start differentiating between crazy and just plain stupid.
i know this marriage thing is new to you but coming home every night is a big part of it.
some guy he was at academy with and knew from area 6.
this guy said he knew what was going down with the pension fund.
you have no proof the money was from the fund or that he opened the accounts.
the money was weii-iaundered but the iast deposit matched the iast amount stolen.
i talked a man out of blowing up the sears tower but i can´t talk my wife out of a bedroom or my kid off a phone.
that´s because no one´s standing behind you with a big gun.
the same guy you invited to your house to celebrate your kid´s baptism, tonray.
the same guy who saved palermo´s ass when that sniper had a bead on him at the stadium gig.
now, tell me when did you find out nate was investigating the fund?
i first found that nathan was conducting the investigation after i spoke with you after he was killed.
now, you want to tell me what i´m doing up here?
i wanted to tell you face to face i´m not crazy.
aii i asked for was more time and they tried to take me out!
it is the policy of the chicago police to resolve all hostage situations with the utmost regard for the preservation of iife!
this is a major development, because up until now this negotiation has been handled exclusively by the chicago police.
the arrival of the feds means they are either coming to aid in negotiation or perhaps more likely, to take over the negotiations.
they didn´t tell you they were coming in because they want me dead.
one more gun goes off and i´ii give the order to move in myself.
i found some taps that prove niebaum´s been lying all along.
i heard something on one that i need you to ask linda about.
we have a real concern he´ii kill another of our men.
that may not mean much to you but it means a iot to us.
there´s one across the street in a restaurant but that´s probably out of the question.
you can use that one if you can hold it till we get out.
he´d never get paid if the claims agent wasn´t in on it.
so you need somebody with access to put the paperwork through, then cover it up.
i need an air unit deployed to the 1 300 block of addison.
and have available hbt units meet me at the corner of addison and iroquois.
until now this negotiation has been handled by the chicago police.
the feds are either coming to aid the negotiations or more likely, to take over the negotiations.
he'd never be paid if the claims agent wasn't in on it.
so you need somebody to do the paperwork, then cover it up.
until now this negotiation has been handled by the chicago police.
the feds are either coming to aid the negotiations or more likely, to take over the negotiations.
he'd never be paid if the claims agent wasn't in on it.
so you need somebody to do the paperwork, then cover it up.
this guy said he knew what was going down with the pension fund.
the informant didn't come to you guys because he thought internal affairs was involved.
you have no proof the money was from the fund or that he opened the accounts.
the money was well-laundered but the last deposit matched the last amount stolen.
we're here to find out who took our money and who killed nate because it wasn't me.
there's some bad cops among us and today we'll find out who they are.
until now this negotiation has been handled by the chicago police.
the feds are either coming to aid the negotiations or more likely, to take over the negotiations.
they didn't tell you they were coming in because they want me dead.
one more gun goes off and i'll give the order myself.
every time you come home, they act like they haven´t seen you in a year.
and the good thing about dogs is they got different dogs for different people.
pit bull can be the right man´s best friend and the wrong man´s worst enemy.
you going to give me a dog for a pet, give me a pit bull.
but if i was ever depressed she´d lay her head in my lap, look up at me with those big old eyes.
even though i thought i hated that dog i ioved her.
i just want her to see me blow my brains out.
i want her to think about that when she´s sucking that fat prick´s cock.
guys in our precinct, guys we might call our friends stealing our own money.
i would´ve told you sooner, but this is my first chance.
i just wish you´d start differentiating between crazy and just plain stupid.
i know this marriage thing is new to you but coming home every night is a big part of it.
some guy he was at academy with and knew from area 6.
this guy said he knew what was going down with the pension fund.
you have no proof the money was from the fund or that he opened the accounts.
the money was weii-iaundered but the iast deposit matched the iast amount stolen.
i talked a man out of blowing up the sears tower but i can´t talk my wife out of a bedroom or my kid off a phone.
that´s because no one´s standing behind you with a big gun.
the same guy you invited to your house to celebrate your kid´s baptism, tonray.
the same guy who saved palermo´s ass when that sniper had a bead on him at the stadium gig.
now, tell me when did you find out nate was investigating the fund?
i first found that nathan was conducting the investigation after i spoke with you after he was killed.
now, you want to tell me what i´m doing up here?
i wanted to tell you face to face i´m not crazy.
aii i asked for was more time and they tried to take me out!
it is the policy of the chicago police to resolve all hostage situations with the utmost regard for the preservation of iife!
this is a major development, because up until now this negotiation has been handled exclusively by the chicago police.
the arrival of the feds means they are either coming to aid in negotiation or perhaps more likely, to take over the negotiations.
they didn´t tell you they were coming in because they want me dead.
one more gun goes off and i´ii give the order to move in myself.
i found some taps that prove niebaum´s been lying all along.
i heard something on one that i need you to ask linda about.
we have a real concern he´ii kill another of our men.
that may not mean much to you but it means a iot to us.
there´s one across the street in a restaurant but that´s probably out of the question.
you can use that one if you can hold it till we get out.
he´d never get paid if the claims agent wasn´t in on it.
so you need somebody with access to put the paperwork through, then cover it up.
i need an air unit deployed to the 1 300 block of addison.
and have available hbt units meet me at the corner of addison and iroquois.
every time you come home, they act like they haven't seen you in a year.
and the good thing about dogs is they got different dogs for different people.
pit bull can be the right man's best friend and the wrong man's worst enemy.
you going to give me a dog for a pet, give me a pit bull.
but if i was ever depressed she'd lay her head in my lap, look up at me with those big old eyes.
even though i thought i hated that dog i loved her.
i just want her to see me blow my brains out.
i want her to think about that when she's sucking that fat prick's cock.
guys in our precinct, guys we might call our friends stealing our own money.
i would've told you sooner, but this is my first chance.
i just wish you'd start differentiating between crazy and just plain stupid.
i know this marriage thing is new to you but coming home every night is a big part of it.
some guy he was at academy with and knew from area 6.
this guy said he knew what was going down with the pension fund.
you have no proof the money was from the fund or that he opened the accounts.
the money was well-laundered but the last deposit matched the last amount stolen.
i talked a man out of blowing up the sears tower but i can't talk my wife out of a bedroom or my kid off a phone.
that's because no one's standing behind you with a big gun.
we're here to find out who took our money and who killed nate because it wasn't me.
there's some bad cops among us and today we're going to find out who they are.
but i'm that same son of a bitch you trusted your lives with played softball with, went drinking with.
the same guy you invited to your house to celebrate your kid's baptism, tonray.
if i ask you a question about something visual, like your favorite color your eyes go up and to the left.
neurophysiology tells us your eyes go in that direction because you're accessing the visual cortex.
if you cough, sneeze, cross your legs, scratch your ass they're all tell-tale signs.
you can stare at me with those dead-ass eyes all you want.
next time you try and bluff, make sure you charge your cell phone.
now, you want to tell me what i'm doing up here?
i would like to introduce you to the negotiator, chris sabian who, as of now, has full command.
my name is chris sabian and as of now, all decisions go through me.
what am i going to have to do to be heard?
am i going to have to hurt somebody to get respect?
they've cleared the barricades and it looks like those are federal sedans, fbi agents, in fact, arriving on the scene.
this is a major development, because up until now this negotiation has been handled exclusively by the chicago police.
don't think you've bought anything by asking me to come here.
because you need to remember i am a stranger to you.
it would help if you could tell me about danny's relationship to the fund his case, and this informant.
anything you might've overheard or that you know that might be of use to me that you think is pertinent.
with this type of entry, we can control him if he starts shooting hostages.
we can go in there strong, 2-3 seconds from bang to bullets.
and have available hbt units meet me at the corner of addison and iroquois.
i also need an hbt supervisor to finish clearing the building.
all i asked for was more time and they tried to take me out!
it is the policy of the chicago police to resolve all hostage situations with the utmost regard for the preservation of life!
this is a major development, because up until now this negotiation has been handled exclusively by the chicago police.
the arrival of the feds means they are either coming to aid in negotiation or perhaps more likely, to take over the negotiations.
they didn't tell you they were coming in because they want me dead.
one more gun goes off and i'll give the order to move in myself.
i found some taps that prove niebaum's been lying all along.
i heard something on one that i need you to ask linda about.
we have a real concern he'll kill another of our men.
that may not mean much to you but it means a lot to us.
there's one across the street in a restaurant but that's probably out of the question.
you can use that one if you can hold it till we get out.
he'd never get paid if the claims agent wasn't in on it.
so you need somebody with access to put the paperwork through, then cover it up.
i need an air unit deployed to the 1 300 block of addison.
and have available hbt units meet me at the corner of addison and iroquois.
what i love about you is that you do these crazy things.
it's just that i wish you'd start differentiating between crazy and stυpid.
this gυy said he knew what was going down with the pension fund.
the informant didn't come to you guys becaυse he thought someone from internal affairs was involved.
yoυ have no proof the money had to do with the fυnd or that mr. roman even opened those accoυnts.
the money in them was well-laundered but the last deposit matched the last amoυnt stolen from the fυnd.
guns are not new to me but i'd rather avoid them if i get the chance.
well' i don't think yoυ're gonna have that chance this time, maggie.
if i thoυght sending these guys, my team in would put more people in jeopardy i woυldn't consider it.
i don't wanna go in there, bυt it's oυr best option.
we're here to find out who took our money and who killed nate' because it wasn't me.
there's some bad cops among us and today we're gonna find out who they are.
i'm the same gυy you invited to yoυr hoυse to celebrate your kid's baptism, tonray.
the same guy who saved palermo's ass when that sniper had a bead on him at the stadium gig.
νow, tell me when did you find out νate was investigating the fund?
i first found that nathan was conducting the investigation after i spoke with you after he was killed.
yoυ knew νate was investigating the fund and you killed him.
yoυ could've ended this, bυt i guess yoυ don't want to.
νext time you try and blυff, make sυre yoυ charge yoυr cell phone.
all right, now' you wanna tell me what i'm doing up here?
i would like to introduce you to the negotiator' chris sabian who' as of now, has full command.
my name is chris sabian, and as of right now' all decisions go through me.
this is a major development for this story, because up until now this negotiation has been handled by the chicago police department.
with the arrival of the feds, they are either coming to aid in the negotiation or perhaps, more likely, to take over the negotiations.
don't think yoυ've bought anything by asking me to come here.
becaυse yoυ need to remember i am a stranger to you.
it woυld be helpfυl if you could tell me aboυt danny's relationship to the fυnd, his case and specifically, this informant.
anything you might have overheard or know that might be of υse to me, that yoυ think is pertinent.
we have a real concern he may kill one of our men.
that may not mean much to you, bυt it means a hell of a lot to us.
well' he'd never get paid if the claims agent wasn't in on it.
so yoυ need somebody with access to put the paperwork through, then cover it υp.
i need an air unit deployed to the 1300 block of addison.
ηave available ηbt units meet me at the corner of addison and iroquois.
every time you come home, they act like they haven't seen you in a year.
and the good thing about dogs is they got different dogs for different people.
pit bull can be the right man's best friend and the wrong man's worst enemy.
you going to give me a dog for a pet, give me a pit bull.
but if i was ever depressed she'd lay her head in my lap, look up at me with those big old eyes.
even though i thought i hated that dog i loved her.
i just want her to see me blow my brains out.
i want her to think about that when she's sucking that fat prick's cock.
guys in our precinct, guys we might call our friends stealing our own money.
i would've told you sooner, but this is my first chance.
i just wish you'd start differentiating between crazy and just plain stupid.
i know this marriage thing is new to you but coming home every night is a big part of it.
some guy he was at academy with and knew from area 6.
this guy said he knew what was going down with the pension fund.
you have no proof the money was from the fund or that he opened the accounts.
the money was well-laundered but the last deposit matched the last amount stolen.
i talked a man out of blowing up the sears tower but i can't talk my wife out of a bedroom or my kid off a phone.
that's because no one's standing behind you with a big gun.
we're here to find out who took our money and who killed nate because it wasn't me.
there's some bad cops among us and today we're going to find out who they are.
but i'm that same son of a bitch you trusted your lives with played softball with, went drinking with.
the same guy you invited to your house to celebrate your kid's baptism, tonray.
if i ask you a question about something visual, like your favorite color your eyes go up and to the left.
neurophysiology tells us your eyes go in that direction because you're accessing the visual cortex.
if you cough, sneeze, cross your legs, scratch your ass they're all tell-tale signs.
you can stare at me with those dead-ass eyes all you want.
now, you want to tell me what i'm doing up here?
i wanted to tell you face to face i'm not crazy.
all i asked for was more time and they tried to take me out!
it is the policy of the chicago police to resolve all hostage situations with the utmost regard for the preservation of life!
this is a major development, because up until now this negotiation has been handled exclusively by the chicago police.
the arrival of the feds means they are either coming to aid in negotiation or perhaps more likely, to take over the negotiations.
they didn't tell you they were coming in because they want me dead.
one more gun goes off and i'll give the order to move in myself.
i found some taps that prove niebaum's been lying all along.
i heard something on one that i need you to ask linda about.
we have a real concern he'll kill another of our men.
that may not mean much to you but it means a lot to us.
there's one across the street in a restaurant but that's probably out of the question.
you can use that one if you can hold it till we get out.
he'd never get paid if the claims agent wasn't in on it.
so you need somebody with access to put the paperwork through, then cover it up.
i need an air unit deployed to the 1300 block of addison.
and have available hbt units meet me at the corner of addison and iroquois.
i've been working on it for a couple of weeks now, you know?
i figured that with you on the board you might have heard something.
it's just that i wish you'd start differentiating between crazy and stupid.
i know this whole marriage thing is new to you but coming home every night is a big part of it.
some guy he was at academy with and knew from area 6.
this guy said he knew what was going down with the pension fund.
it's obvious somebody found out nate was investigating the fund off this informant's tip and they took him out.
let's go back to the beginning and do this whole thing again.
can you come up with an explanation as to why you had that kind of money?
you have no proof the money had to do with the fund or that mr. roman even opened those accounts.
all right, everybody in here march over to that desk over there.
put your guns, cuffs, keys, everything on this desk and get out of here.
well, i don't think you're gonna have that chance this time, maggie.
and if you're niebaum's assistant' you have everything to do with this.
if i thought sending these guys, my team in would put more people in jeopardy i wouldn't consider it.
i don't wanna go in there, but it's our best option.
i'm the same guy you invited to your house to celebrate your kid's baptism, tonray.
the same guy who saved palermo's ass when that sniper had a bead on him at the stadium gig.
and now you got hostages so let me tell you this:
you hurt one of them, you burn up whatever currency you got to deal with me.
i would like to introduce you to the negotiator' chris sabian who' as of now, has full command.
my name is chris sabian, and as of right now' all decisions go through me.
all i asked for was more time' and they tried to take me out!
it is the policy of the chicago police to resolve all hostage situations with the utmost regard for the preservation of life!
this is a major development for this story, because up until now this negotiation has been handled by the chicago police department.
with the arrival of the feds, they are either coming to aid in the negotiation or perhaps, more likely, to take over the negotiations.
they didn't tell you they were coming in' because they want me dead.
one more gun goes off and i'm gonna give the order to move in myself.
we have a real concern he may kill one of our men.
that may not mean much to you, but it means a hell of a lot to us.
there's one across the street in a nice restaurant but i'm sure that's probably out of the question.
you can use that one if you can hold it till we get out of here.
he'll name names if you grant him immunity on the murder charge.
[over radio] you call me back if we have a deal.
i need an air unit deployed to the 1300 block of addison.
have available hbt units meet me at the corner of addison and iroquois.
i just wanna tell you how close i came to busting your ass becaυse of that shit.
but becaυse it'll never happen again' right, i'll let it go.
what i love about you is that you do these crazy things.
it's just that i wish you'd start differentiating between crazy and stυpid.
this gυy said he knew what was going down with the pension fund.
the informant didn't come to you guys becaυse he thought someone from internal affairs was involved.
we have a gun linked to yoυ and a pair of gloves that we took from the water.
which explains why your client had no powder on his hands.
guns are not new to me but i'd rather avoid them if i get the chance.
well' i don't think yoυ're gonna have that chance this time, maggie.
if i thoυght sending these guys, my team in would put more people in jeopardy i woυldn't consider it.
i don't wanna go in there, bυt it's oυr best option.
i'm the same gυy you invited to yoυr hoυse to celebrate your kid's baptism, tonray.
the same guy who saved palermo's ass when that sniper had a bead on him at the stadium gig.
and now yoυ got hostages so let me tell you this:
yoυ hurt one of them, yoυ bυrn up whatever currency yoυ got to deal with me.
i would like to introduce you to the negotiator' chris sabian who' as of now, has full command.
my name is chris sabian, and as of right now' all decisions go through me.
all i asked for was more time' and they tried to take me oυt!
it is the policy of the chicago police to resolve all hostage situations with the utmost regard for the preservation of life!
this is a major development for this story, because up until now this negotiation has been handled by the chicago police department.
with the arrival of the feds, they are either coming to aid in the negotiation or perhaps, more likely, to take over the negotiations.
they didn't tell you they were coming in' because they want me dead.
one more gun goes off and i'm gonna give the order to move in myself.
we have a real concern he may kill one of our men.
that may not mean much to you, bυt it means a hell of a lot to us.
there's one across the street in a nice restaυrant but i'm sυre that's probably out of the question.
yoυ can υse that one if you can hold it till we get out of here.
ηe'll name names if yoυ grant him immunity on the murder charge.
[over radio] you call me back if we have a deal.
i need an air unit deployed to the 1300 block of addison.
ηave available ηbt units meet me at the corner of addison and iroquois.
every time you come home, they act like they haven't seen you in a year.
and the good thing about dogs is they got different dogs for different people.
pit bull can be the right man's best friend and the wrong man's worst enemy.
you going to give me a dog for a pet, give me a pit bull.
but if i was ever depressed she'd lay her head in my lap, look up at me with those big old eyes.
even though i thought i hated that dog i loved her.
i just want her to see me blow my brains out.
i want her to think about that when she's sucking that fat prick's cock.
guys in our precinct, guys we might call our friends stealing our own money.
i would've told you sooner, but this is my first chance.
i just wish you'd start differentiating between crazy and just plain stupid.
i know this marriage thing is new to you but coming home every night is a big part of it.
some guy he was at academy with and knew from area 6.
this guy said he knew what was going down with the pension fund.
you have no proof the money was from the fund or that he opened the accounts.
the money was well-laundered but the last deposit matched the last amount stolen.
we're here to find out who took our money and who killed nate because it wasn't me.
there's some bad cops among us and today we're going to find out who they are.
but i'm that same son of a bitch you trusted your lives with played softball with, went drinking with.
the same guy you invited to your house to celebrate your kid's baptism, tonray.
if i ask you a question about something visual, like your favorite color your eyes go up and to the left.
neurophysiology tells us your eyes go in that direction because you're accessing the visual cortex.
if you cough, sneeze, cross your legs, scratch your ass they're all tell-tale signs.
you can stare at me with those dead-ass eyes all you want.
next time you try and bluff, make sure you charge your cell phone.
now, you want to tell me what i'm doing up here?
i would like to introduce you to the negotiator, chris sabian who, as of now, has full command.
my name is chris sabian and as of now, all decisions go through me.
what am i going to have to do to be heard?
am i going to have to hurt somebody to get respect?
they've cleared the barricades and it looks like those are federal sedans, fbi agents, in fact, arriving on the scene.
this is a major development, because up until now this negotiation has been handled exclusively by the chicago police.
don't think you've bought anything by asking me to come here.
because you need to remember i am a stranger to you.
it would help if you could tell me about danny's relationship to the fund his case, and this informant.
anything you might've overheard or that you know that might be of use to me that you think is pertinent.
with this type of entry, we can control him if he starts shooting hostages.
we can go in there strong, 2-3 seconds from bang to bullets.
and have available hbt units meet me at the corner of addison and iroquois.
i also need an hbt supervisor to finish clearing the building.
every time you come home, they act like they haven't seen you in a year.
and the good thing about dogs is they got different dogs for different people.
pit bull can be the right man's best friend and the wrong man's worst enemy.
you going to give me a dog for a pet, give me a pit bull.
but if i was ever depressed she'd lay her head in my lap, look up at me with those big old eyes.
even though i thought i hated that dog i loved her.
i just want her to see me blow my brains out.
i want her to think about that when she's sucking that fat prick's cock.
guys in our precinct, guys we might call our friends stealing our own money.
i would've told you sooner, but this is my first chance.
i just wish you'd start differentiating between crazy and just plain stupid.
i know this marriage thing is new to you but coming home every night is a big part of it.
some guy he was at academy with and knew from area 6.
this guy said he knew what was going down with the pension fund.
you have no proof the money was from the fund or that he opened the accounts.
the money was well-laundered but the last deposit matched the last amount stolen.
we're here to find out who took our money and who killed nate because it wasn't me.
there's some bad cops among us and today we're going to find out who they are.
but i'm that same son of a bitch you trusted your lives with played softball with, went drinking with.
the same guy you invited to your house to celebrate your kid's baptism, tonray.
if i ask you a question about something visual, like your favorite color your eyes go up and to the left.
neurophysiology tells us your eyes go in that direction because you're accessing the visual cortex.
if you cough, sneeze, cross your legs, scratch your ass they're all tell-tale signs.
you can stare at me with those dead-ass eyes all you want.
next time you try and bluff, make sure you charge your cell phone.
now, you want to tell me what i'm doing up here?
i would like to introduce you to the negotiator, chris sabian who, as of now, has full command.
my name is chris sabian and as of now, all decisions go through me.
what am i going to have to do to be heard?
am i going to have to hurt somebody to get respect?
they've cleared the barricades and it looks like those are federal sedans, fbi agents, in fact, arriving on the scene.
this is a major development, because up until now this negotiation has been handled exclusively by the chicago police.
don't think you've bought anything by asking me to come here.
because you need to remember i am a stranger to you.
it would help if you could tell me about danny's relationship to the fund his case, and this informant.
anything you might've overheard or that you know that might be of use to me that you think is pertinent.
with this type of entry, we can control him if he starts shooting hostages.
we can go in there strong, 2-3 seconds from bang to bullets.
and have available hbt units meet me at the corner of addison and iroquois.
i also need an hbt supervisor to finish clearing the building.
when you come in, they act as if they haven't seen you in a year.
the good thing about dogs is they got different dogs for different people.
pit bull can be the right man's best friend and the wrong man's worst enemy.
you going to give me a dog, give me a pit bull.
i just want her to see me blow my brains out.
i want her to think about that when she's sucking that fat prick's cock.
no, i was in the army and i fucking hate dogs.
despite how things worked out, you put these guys in jeopardy.
some guy he was at academy with and knew from area 6.
this guy said he knew what was going down with the pension fund.
somebody found out nate was investigating the fund off this informant's tip and they took him out.
let's go back to the beginning-- l just found my partner with his head blown off.
we have a gun linked to you and a pair of gloves from the water.
which explains why your client had no powder on his hands.
i know the rules of engagement so don 't test me.
you got 4 minutes to get sabian here or you'll find out just how serious i am.
i ask you something visual, like your favorite color your eyes go up and to the left.
neurophysiology tells us they go that way as you access your visual cortex.
what do you do when you're not talking guys like me down?
i'm a homebody. i spend a lot of time with my family.
all i asked for was time, and they tried to take me out!
it is the policy of the chicago police to resolve hostage situations with regard for the preservation of life!
until now this negotiation has been handled by the chicago police.
the feds are either coming to aid the negotiations or more likely, to take over the negotiations.
could you tell me about danny's relationship to the fund his case and this informant?
anything you overheard or know that might be pertinent or of use to me?
there's one across the street but that's probably out of the question.
you can use it if you hold it till we get out.
this guy said he knew what was going down with the pension fund.
the informant didn't come to you guys because he thought someone in internal affairs was involved.
can you come up with an explanation as to why you had that kind of money?
you have no proof the money was from the fund or that he opened the accounts.
we have a gun linked to you and a pair of gloves from the water.
which explains why your client had no powder on his hands.
i talked a man out of blowing up the sears tower but i can't talk my wife out of a bedroom or my kid off a phone.
that's because no one's standing behind you with a big gun.
the same guy you invited to your house to celebrate your kid's baptism, tonray.
the same guy who saved palermo's ass when that sniper had a bead on him at the stadium gig.
now, tell me when did you find out nate was investigating the fund?
i first found that nathan was conducting the investigation after i spoke with you after he was killed.
now, you want to tell me what i'm doing up here?
i wanted to tell you face to face i'm not crazy.
all i asked for was more time and they tried to take me out!
it is the policy of the chicago police to resolve all hostage situations with the utmost regard for the preservation of life!
this is a major development, because up until now this negotiation has been handled exclusively by the chicago police.
the arrival of the feds means they are either coming to aid in negotiation or perhaps more likely, to take over the negotiations.
they didn't tell you they were coming in because they want me dead.
one more gun goes off and i'll give the order to move in myself.
i found some taps that prove niebaum's been lying all along.
i heard something on one that i need you to ask linda about.
we have a real concern he'll kill another of our men.
that may not mean much to you but it means a lot to us.
there's one across the street in a restaurant but that's probably out of the question.
you can use that one if you can hold it till we get out.
he'd never get paid if the claims agent wasn't in on it.
so you need somebody with access to put the paperwork through, then cover it up.
i need an air unit deployed to the 1300 block of addison.
and have available hbt units meet me at the corner of addison and iroquois.
no, i was in the army and i fucking hate dogs.
despite how things worked out, you put these guys in jeopardy.
some guy he was at academy with and knew from area 6.
this guy said he knew what was going down with the pension fund.
who will ask me how much is that when i am older!
you will need to know that without being asked, you ignorant!
when you're older and you know the math tables... when you're eighteen and ready to look after yourself.
when you no ionger need me and you start feeling sorry of me!
we don't have money and we do need to go to montevideo... because my sister, meme, needs to have her leg operated.
if we don't reach the hospital in time, they'ii have to cut it off.
you make the same disgusting face when you don't like something.
your mother and i were mates at sacred heart school, in concordia.
i'm going to spend some time at the cottage by the lighthouse... and i'd iike you to come with me.
i think you'd recover there should you put up with this tamed lion."
when i saw you at the pub for the first time...
i felt that my iife, which had been twisted... would never go straight again.
i didn't mind the pains in my back or the crutches.
i understood that what was twisted would never be straight again.
dolores was the sun and she was put out in silence.
life, this fucking life... is determined to take kids and mothers away from me... and it's beginning to be unbearable.
my father used to bring my mother here when they went out together.
he'd drink seven "saint javier", and my mom only half of one.
if you only understood how i love you and how i've admired you!
not because you put up with me, but because of who you are.
you've never been my walking stick, i don't want you to be anybody's.
you were my support and my soul... and that's so different.
those little things in life those little memories we have from other times that can be found in a corner, in a piece of paper or a drawer
they sneak up on us as thieves behind doors we're at their mercy as if we were dead leaves
who will ask me how much is that when i am older!
you will need to know that without being asked, you ignorant!
when you're older and you know the math tables... when you're eighteen and ready to look after yourself.
when you no ionger need me and you start feeling sorry of me!
we don't have money and we do need to go to montevideo... because my sister, meme, needs to have her leg operated.
if we don't reach the hospital in time, they'ii have to cut it off.
you make the same disgusting face when you don't like something.
your mother and i were mates at sacred heart school, in concordia.
i'm going to spend some time at the cottage by the lighthouse... and i'd iike you to come with me.
i think you'd recover there should you put up with this tamed lion."
when i saw you at the pub for the first time...
i felt that my iife, which had been twisted... would never go straight again.
i didn't mind the pains in my back or the crutches.
i understood that what was twisted would never be straight again.
dolores was the sun and she was put out in silence.
life, this fucking life... is determined to take kids and mothers away from me... and it's beginning to be unbearable.
my father used to bring my mother here when they went out together.
he'd drink seven "saint javier", and my mom only half of one.
if you only understood how i love you and how i've admired you!
not because you put up with me, but because of who you are.
you've never been my walking stick, i don't want you to be anybody's.
you were my support and my soul... and that's so different.
those little things in life those little memories we have from other times that can be found in a corner, in a piece of paper or a drawer
they sneak up on us as thieves behind doors we're at their mercy as if we were dead leaves
why does sabrina get to stay home and i have to go?
hey, aunt beulah sent me a halloween present 'cause i can't make it to her party.
if you're a teenager scared out of your wits, press the pound key now.
listen, i shouldn't tell you this, but it may be our only chance for survival.
so we don't know for sure whether she left the gym with the necklace on.
come on, loo, coma boy's on top of her, she's got a knife in her gut.
the old man who kept falling asleep and laying his head on my shoulder.
the girl with the loud music, she got off at 110th.
i asked her what kind of music she was listening to.
it was one of those homemade tapes, dj freaky techno mix.
broken up with isaac two weeks, she's got a new boyfriend.
things don't work out, sometimes you go back to the devil you know.
yeah, she puts up a grand so she could claw me.
if we put in a good word with the d.a., could help your case.
anderton: (on tv) i have been by adam schiff's side through the best and the worst of times, and he has no greater admirer or friend than me.
but old men like adam and me, we like to think we're indispensable.
late trial date, stall long as you can, and keep walking mr. rosado down memory lane.
while you were waiting for the m110 bus, what, if anything, happened?
and i noticed that he had a shaving cut on his neck.
and he bumped up against me, he bumped up against my walkman.
and later that day, did you go back to that same bus stop?
i went through the park first, and i found a necklace with a gold cross on it.
you want to hurt this city because of a personal grudge?
when you sent terry to that psychiatric hospital, you put me in hell, adam.
remember what i.b.j. said when they were hammering him about vietnam?
felt like a hitchhiker on a highway in a texas hailstorm.
so her confession, expression of remorse, could be the real thing?
if it is genuine, how hard do we push to put a repentant killer to death?
but on a young christian woman who's so obviously rehabilitated herself, that's not what our country's values are about.
what value do you find so compelling, the "woman" part or the "christian" part?
there's not a single authority that says a competent defendant can't waive appeal.
is there anything that says a defendant facing a death sentence can?
if you spare her and not the others, you're admitting that the death penalty is unfairly applied.
and if we don't spare monica johnson, we're proving that the death penalty is inhumane.
if the basis for delaying her sentence is that she's white, female, and christian, you're treating her differently than everybody else on death row.
the entire death penalty is then open to attack because it's not being equitably applied.
well, i'll be praying a lot, of course, asking god for his guidance, his forgiveness.
and i pray that dana flynn's husband can find it in his heart to forgive me.
but the only difference is that you are poor, and in addition, they can call you "dirty wog."
this is why you need to be the best at school, and have a job like the french and a lot of money.
i left it behind me in the ruins of the chaâba.
today i look at these big buildings all around me, and i know we're still locked away from the world, and the world continues to move away from us, day after day, like in the chaâba.
and when i'm tired of being here, when it will be too hard,
i'll close my eyes and i'll start running towards the stars.
it was a premeditated malicious attack on a despised authority figure!
don't think i don't know how you boys snicker at me behind my back!
i sing these songs to help me, not to hurt him.
if he doesn't like listening, he can just leave the room.
i sing these songs to help me, not to hurt him.
if he doesn't like listening, he can just leave the room.
yeah, well, yesterday, i had to stop a woman from blowing up.
and-and now this guy that helps me, he's here in the paper again.
oh, there you go again, putting the whole world on your shoulders.
a tree gets cut down in the rain forest, and it's your fault.
- i-i see the guy twice in the last two days.
that's a little bit more than a coincidence, don't you think?
especially in contrast to the eutra school, which was so popular at the time.
two, the canvas is of a manufacturer that wasn't available until the 1800s.
yes, well, marty's got rather a hot temper, but i wouldn't worry about him.
i mean, his-his bark is a lot worse than his bite.
you don't want to get between me and clive, you got me?
'cause i can't be responsible for who gets caught in the crossfire.
and once that gift was recognized, our young hero's life took a- a somewhat unusual turn.
many a man's vices have been nothing worse than good qualities run wild.
you steal a famous painting, you replace it with a copy, and no one ever found out?
well, in some cases, the curators know, but they're too embarrassed to admit they've got a forgery on their walls.
besides, i figured if my copies were fooling the experts, then the public wasn't really losing out.
anyway, what were my sins compared with those who were underwriting my career?
i met a young woman by the name of faye davis, recently employed as a curator of the museum.
drawn together by a mutual interest in art, we soon developed a warm friendship.
i set out to retrieve the van gogh from its new owner.
i told faye to meet me at the museum at midnight, when who should come crawling out of the upholstery, but...
i retrieve the picture, and i replace it in the museum.
it's either that or face the fury of faye davis, which is a fate i'd rather avoid.
something like, uh, stealing from the rich to enlighten the poor.
look, you'd be giving him a chance to redeem himself, to start over again, and do something with his life.
uh, the ten richest guys in chicago, and, uh, three of 'em happened to be art buffs, so the, uh...
we went to the, uh, first two houses earlier, which is why we were late.
she was the curator of the museum when i stole the van gogh.
and if it came out that the museum had accepted a piece of forged art while she was on watch, so to speak- well, it would just ruin her reputation.
listen, faye, this may not be the most opportune time to say this, but i meant everything i said back at the bar.
i never stopped thinking about you- never- and i, i just...
well, as the man said when he jumped off the 20-story building, "so far, so good. "
by my watch, we've got five minutes before the real police arrive.
bound and gagged in the van, clive, but not to worry, i didn't hurt her.
if she's stupid enough to get involved with you, i figure, well, that's punishment enough.
tell me, hobbers, you sly beggar, how did you manage this one?
yeah, hobbers, i was wondering the same thing, considering you didn't have any visual aid this time, if you know what i mean.
yeah, well, yesterday, i had to stop a woman from blowing up.
and-and now this guy that helps me, he's here in the paper again.
oh, there you go again, putting the whole world on your shoulders.
a tree gets cut down in the rain forest, and it's your fault.
especially in contrast to the eutra school, which was so popular at the time.
two, the canvas is of a manufacturer that wasn't available until the 1800s.
yes, well, marty's got rather a hot temper, but i wouldn't worry about him.
i mean, his-his bark is a lot worse than his bite.
many a man's vices have been nothing worse than good qualities run wild.
so it was with the brilliant new art thief, who came to be known as the chameleon.
you steal a famous painting, you replace it with a copy, and no one ever found out?
well, in some cases, the curators know, but they're too embarrassed to admit they've got a forgery on their walls.
besides, i figured if my copies were fooling the experts, then the public wasn't really losing out.
anyway, what were my sins compared with those who were underwriting my career?
i met a young woman by the name of faye davis, recently employed as a curator of the museum.
drawn together by a mutual interest in art, we soon developed a warm friendship.
i retrieve the picture, and i replace it in the museum.
it's either that or face the fury of faye davis, which is a fate i'd rather avoid.
what you two want me to do is, you want me, with a known felon, to break into a private residence and steal a painting!
a stolen painting that was illegally obtained by a guy who made millions cheating in the stock market.
she was the curator of the museum when i stole the van gogh.
and if it came out that the museum had accepted a piece of forged art while she was on watch, so to speak-- well, it would just ruin her reputation.
listen, faye, this may not be the most opportune time to say this, but i meant everything i said back at the bar.
i never stopped thinking about you-- never-- and i, i just...
bound and gagged in the van, clive, but not to worry, i didn't hurt her.
if she's stupid enough to get involved with you, i figure, well, that's punishment enough.
yeah, hobbers, i was wondering the same thing, considering you didn't have any visual aid this time, if you know what i mean.
oh, well, i, i was, uh-- well, we were running late, and i figured the police couldn't be far away when marty showed up, so it was a rare opportunity and i, uh, i took it.
he told me his dad was ill and he wanted to go home and help out.
but for some reason when he told me, it didn't seem to ring true with me.
i just felt it was my duty to come and talk to you.
he told me he was leaving because his dad was sick.
you know, i used to come here when i was a little girl, and i was playing around one day and i found this clearing in the woods, and it was so beautiful.
it was like a scene out of a fairy tale, or something, and i used to come here to be by myself.
you spend your whole life battling the self that lives inside.
and what happened today, though just for a moment, you lost that battle.
he got into a fight with tank down by the lake, all right?
last time i saw him, he said he was gonna pay him a visit.
today dabral group has attained one more milestone in the corporate world.
the telecom license that the government has given us with that, not just in india we can do business in every asian country.
if you give your consumers 0 paise per minute then how will you earn?
mr. ranawat, when your eyes was on the talk time my eyes was on the future business happening with the mobile.
whether it's education, health or entertainment all utilities are available on your mobile.
and according to a study this business pattern has had a usage of 0.23 °/°.
you are mr. abhay singh, every place is a washroom for you.
sanjana, i know, when your heart breaks, it's like a storm in your life.
he and suzie went off to india together, to live in an ashram.
the last time i saw them was the day they left.
none of us like to be told what to do by our men, and usually it's grounds to do the opposite, but in this case, and i say this as your closest friend, who thought she knew everything about you,
i am 100%, completely, totally and utterly in adam's camp on this one.
and still have room for "lots of love" on the bottom.
it happens to be over a glass of wine, but i'm telling you, rachel was dreading it.
imagine how traumatic she'll find it - dredging up painful memories.
at least i didn't sound like i was having an asthma attack.
look, i'm sorry for accusing you of giving the baby nappy rash.
just as i'm sure you didn't mean to imply i love the baby any less than you do.
there's more chance of him breaking into the music scene here.
rachel, you got in touch with kris to get a divorce.
if you're looking for your investments, they're at the bottom of a very long list.
by the way, is your interest paid monthly, cos i need to buy a stamp.
i must tell you a story about karen and money - how to make a million pound in as many years.
well, karen decided to take a greater interest in our finances - doesn't matter why.
well, i see your economy drive hasn't reached your wine cellar.
but i have made one significant saving - l put a lock on the phone.
none of us like to be told what to do by our men, and usually it's grounds to do the opposite, but in this case, and i say this as your closest friend, who thought she knew everything about you,
i am 1 00%, completely, totally and utterly in adam's camp on this one.
and still have room for "lots of love" on the bottom.
it happens to be over a glass of wine, but i'm telling you, rachel was dreading it.
imagine how traumatic she'll find it - dredging up painful memories.
at least i didn't sound like i was having an asthma attack.
♪ lf l could, i know exactly what i'd say to you tonight
♪ oh, if i could, i wouldn't let you walk away
i must tell you a story about karen and money - how to make a million pounds in as many years.
well, karen decided to take a greater interest in our finances - doesn't matter why.
♪ are you tense when you sense there's a storm in the air?
♪ can you find your way blind when you're lost in the street?
♪ jellicle songs for jellicle cats jellicle songs for jellicle cats ♪
♪ there's a man over there with a look of surprise
♪ you may think at first i'm as mad as a hatter
♪ when i tell you a cat must have three different names
♪ but above and beyond there's still one name left over
♪ and that is the name that you never will guess
♪ she tucks up her skirts to the basement to creep
♪ she is deeply concerned with the ways of the mice
♪ if you put me in a house i would much prefer a flat
♪ if you put me in a flat then i'd rather have a house
♪ if you set me on a mouse then i only want a rat
♪ if you set me on a rat then i'd rather chase a mouse
♪ now if you offer me fish then i always want a feast
♪ and if there isn't any fish then i won't eat rabbit
♪ that they do not like fighting yet once in a way
♪ they now and again join into the fray, and they
♪ but they glared at each other and scraped their hind feet
♪ and started to ♪ bark, bark, bark, bark, bark, bark
♪ there are dogs out of every nation the irish, the welsh and the dane
♪ the russian, dutch and dalmatian and even from china and spain
♪ and he suffers from palsy that makes his paws shake
♪ yet he was in his youth quite the smartest of cats
♪ but no longer a terror to mice or to rats
♪ for he isn't the cat that he was in his prime
♪ he has acted with irving he has acted with tree
♪ and he likes to relate his success on the halls
♪ i have sat by the bedside of poor little nell
♪ when the curfew was rung then i swung on the bell
♪ then if someone will give him a toothful of gin
♪ he will tell how he once played a part in east lynne
♪ and a button you could turn to make a breeze
♪ and a funny little basin you're supposed to wash your face in
♪ and a crank to shut the window should you sneeze
♪ then the guard looked in politely and would ask you very brightly
♪ do you like your morning tea ♪ weak or strong?
♪ but i was just behind him and was ready to remind him
♪ every now and then i'd have a cup of tea
♪ with perhaps a drop of scotch when i was keeping on the watch
you'll turn into an old man while you're pondering like that!
i'm excited that the ticket i was handed at birth is blank.
just going over all the possibilities is all i can do.
so on the first evening a pebble from somewhere falls upon the world.
contact with the real vash the stampede makes me forget his reputation the reason he's called 'the humanoid typhoon. '
why is it that so much trouble falls into this man's lap?
it makes you want to sit here forever, doesn't it? oh, yes.
it makes you want to forget all about work, doesn't it? not a chance.
hurry! coming! what was that look on his face? what are you after? your life.
did i overdo that a little? actually, today i'm only here as a messenger.
let go of him! don't! ma'am! you... do you know just how long 20 years is? day in, day out, nothing but training.
it was like hell itself! but once i kill you, those days will be over! five counts until the end! four! three! two! one! why you...! it's just like i was told! he's a complete chicken shit! ma'am...
now i'm free! now i can live the way i want to live! it's like...
it's like i'm having a nightmare... those eyes... ... it's like looking into the eyes of the diablo! he did go this way, didn't he? yes.
as i watched the people who lived there from far away... ... i kept wondering why they went on living.
why are you laughing? you're so serious, even when you're dreaming.
you'll turn into an old man while you're pondering like that! as for me, i'm excited that the ticket i was handed at birth is blank.
just going over all the possibilities... ... is all i can do.
so... ... on the first evening... ... a pebble from somewhere... ... falls upon the world.
this is all i can do! ... on the second evening... mr. vash... lf... if i shot him now... ... you really would die.
lieutenant, i thought i was going to be met by the entire command staff.
yes, ma'am, but mr. garibaldi just got back from mars and even though he's not technically on staff anymore zack allan is our new chief of security he's helping zack get ready for sheridan's inauguration as president of the new alliance.
the only kind of man that gets killed is the man who is done doing whatever it is he's doing.
and i know i'm gonna come back alive because i got socks to wash.
you know, i think that's the first time i ever saw old sergeant slaughter actually smile.
the newly elected president of the interstellar alliance about to be officially sworn in, washing his own socks?
i hope this is going to work, alternating between your place and mine.
oh, i know, i know, but there is no room here for my belongings i don't have room for yours and i should conduct minbari business in minbari surroundings.
for another we're still trying to heal the wounds from the civil war back home.
putting someone from earthforce in charge of b5 will help cement us with the folks back there, military and civilian.
that's why i wanted you here before we started this silly inauguration business.
in a way, it's saying, "we're independent but we'll always remember where we came from."
you have handled a number of potentially dangerous missions without resorting to force.
you're good with diplomacy when possible, but you know how to fight when you have to.
now, the new gaim ambassador, make sure he has the right id.
and whatever you do, don't let him go on and on about those damn...
it is tradition on my world to give newborn narns temporary names for the first 10 years of their lives.
the practice came out of the reality that life on narn is very hard and in the past many of us died quite young.
i've already heard several of your people quoting it and garibaldi says it's very well-written.
well, i'm sorry, there's just the one copy for now and, well, when i loaned it to mr. garibaldi it came back with coffee stains.
i was going over the swearing-in ceremony we've got coming up and there are two things we still don't have.
an oath of office and, for lack of a better term a declaration of principles for the new alliance.
now, this job is going to require a very special kind of writing.
many times you have spoken with tremendous eloquence in the council chambers.
when your world fell to the centauri the words you spoke made the hair on the back of my neck stand up.
so i would like you to write the oath and the declaration of principles.
well, a single shot from a ppg at close range directly to the heart.
superheated helium tore through his rib cage incinerated his heart and fused the vertebrae.
we are unarmed, and i assure you we mean you no harm.
we refuse to have anything to do with violence or technology.
because we can never go home our lives have been spent in transit, wandering from world to world.
we have come here because an independent babylon 5 may be the closest thing we will ever find to a home.
we want to put out the word to others of our kind have them gather here in safety.
in time, we will create a small colony until one day when we go out to create a world of our own a homeland for those who have no other home.
the somber david, the last of his family the rest hunted down and murdered by psi corps.
william shy but really quite interesting once you get to know.
he only gives flowers as a gift to the people he likes.
he can remember everything he's ever seen, heard, smelt or touched from the moment he was born and he can project those memories into someone else's mind share a part of himself in the most intimate way imaginable.
the gaim were a great help in our fight against the shadows and continue to be strong allies under the alliance.
if we can offer further help to your colonies, let us know.
that as president, he had to pay the price for the lives of all the soldiers who died fighting his war?
roosevelt felt that he would not make it out of office alive with so many dead under his leadership.
president kyoshi of the eastern bloc, 50 years ago dying in office three days after the war of the shining star ended.
it is the job of a president to pay the price for his people and his decisions.
you won't know where it's coming or when but it's coming.
and as strong as you think you are the one thing you can't stop is the lone gunman determined to kill you even if he gets killed in the process.
and that is all he will let any of us see.
we have no idea who she was only that he feels guilt for her death and hopes to make up for it someday.
i refuse to go through life trapped inside of a bubble.
with all due respect, you chose that life the moment you accepted this position.
on my world, we have learned an inauguration is simply a signal to assassins that a new target has been set up on the firing range.
i am not gonna argue the point but i am as much a target today as i am tomorrow and the day after that and the day after that.
now, i am supposed to lead this alliance and for my money that means hands-on.
it means that i should be out there where i can be seen and do some good.
now, this guy's wanted for the murder and torture of dissidents.
if he shows his face in the alliance, he's a dead man.
consequently, this contains the first page of every holy book of every race that has joined the new alliance.
whoever speaks for the alliance does so with the understanding that it is the inalienable right of every sentient being to live free, to pursue their dreams to address wrongs within their own society without fear of retribution to believe as their conscience requires in matters of faith but also to respect the rights of others to believe differently or not at all.
i just wanna let you know i thought about what you said earlier about re-enlisting.
the bottom line is, i've never been big on uniforms from the get-go and i've got someone on mars that needs me, so i can't re-sign with babylon 5.
but, you know, granted, "military intelligence" is kind of an oxymoron.
but, anyway, the new head of covert intelligence for the alliance is pleased to meet you.
- just personalities any internal conflicts i need to be made aware of.
beyond that, i've thoroughly researched babylon 5's operational procedures personnel records.
see, when i first joined earthforce i was assigned to the 54th north american unit.
and the sergeant of our squadron, we used to call him sergeant slaughter was the toughest, meanest di we ever saw and he used to wash his own socks every morning.
because i never leave the barracks unless i know i've got something to do when i get back.
the only kind of man that gets killed is the man who is done doing whatever it is he's doing.
the next morning at reveille, we came up with this big ceremony and we all took a vow that for as long as we were in uniform we would wash our own socks every morning.
you know, i think that's the first time i ever saw old sergeant slaughter actually smile.
it's going to take me a while to get used to living on your world but we do need a permanent headquarters for the alliance, and that's the logical choice.
the bottom line is wherever you are is home enough for me.
putting someone from earthforce in charge of b5 will help cement us with the folks back there, military and civilian.
that's why i wanted you here before we started this silly inauguration business.
the practice came out of the reality that life on narn is very hard and in the past many of us died quite young.
when we reach 10 we choose which of our many beliefs we want to follow:
an oath of office and, for lack of a better term a declaration of principles for the new alliance.
now, this job is going to require a very special kind of writing.
many times you have spoken with tremendous eloquence in the council chambers.
when your world fell to the centauri the words you spoke made the hair on the back of my neck stand up.
what i do know is that everything i've seen points to a disciplined, careful, well-trained killer.
that ppg hit to the chest was in the exact spot to cause instantaneous death.
- i came because your performance earlier was pretty clear indication that you're a telepath, a strong one therefore potentially dangerous, which is why i didn't come alone.
we are unarmed, and i assure you we mean you no harm.
we tried working through the resistance, but their ways are not ours so we slipped away, quietly, creating our own lives on other worlds.
because we can never go home our lives have been spent in transit, wandering from world to world.
we have come here because an independent babylon 5 may be the closest thing we will ever find to a home.
we want to put out the word to others of our kind have them gather here in safety.
did you know that he was sure that he would die in office?
that as president, he had to pay the price for the lives of all the soldiers who died fighting his war?
roosevelt felt that he would not make it out of office alive with so many dead under his leadership.
president kyoshi of the eastern bloc, 50 years ago dying in office three days after the war of the shining star ended.
the people who died are your responsibility and i'm here to make sure you pay the price for your actions and to make sure you know why.
you won't know where it's coming or when but it's coming.
we have no idea who she was only that he feels guilt for her death and hopes to make up for it someday.
all right, i'm going to set up a series of treatments to get him back up to snuff.
with all due respect, you chose that life the moment you accepted this position.
on my world, we have learned an inauguration is simply a signal to assassins that a new target has been set up on the firing range.
i am not gonna argue the point but i am as much a target today as i am tomorrow and the day after that and the day after that.
now, i am supposed to lead this alliance and for my money that means hands-on.
well, then maybe it's time some of those things were done differently.
if more of our so-called leaders would walk the same streets as the people who voted them in, live in the same buildings, eat the same food instead of hiding behind glass and steel and bodyguards we'd get better leadership and more concern for the future.
our new friend just said all the security in the world can't stop a lone gunman dedicated to exchange his life for the target, and he is right.
so you may as well live instead of being a prisoner.
great motives, lousy ending, in case you missed the joan of arc story.
in a situation like this, we have to protect him against himself.
whoever speaks for the alliance speaks with one voice for many.
consequently, this contains the first page of every holy book of every race that has joined the new alliance.
we both know a telepath war is coming one of these days.
it won't hurt to have some of our own when things get ugly.
mostly to keep track of what everybody else is doing and, hell, we might need a little of our own from time to time.
but, you know, granted, "military intelligence" is kind of an oxymoron.
lieutenant, i thought i was going to be met by the entire command staff.
yes, ma'am, but mr. garibaldi just got back from mars and even though he's not technically on staff anymore zack allan is our new chief of security he's helping zack get ready for sheridan's inauguration as president of the new alliance.
the only kind of man that gets killed is the man who is done doing whatever it is he's doing.
and i know i'm gonna come back alive because i got socks to wash.
you know, i think that's the first time i ever saw old sergeant slaughter actually smile.
the newly elected president of the interstellar alliance about to be officially sworn in, washing his own socks?
i hope this is going to work, alternating between your place and mine.
oh, i know, i know, but there is no room here for my belongings i don't have room for yours and i should conduct minbari business in minbari surroundings.
for another we're still trying to heal the wounds from the civil war back home.
putting someone from earthforce in charge of b5 will help cement us with the folks back there, military and civilian.
that's why i wanted you here before we started this silly inauguration business.
in a way, it's saying, "we're independent but we'll always remember where we came from."
you have handled a number of potentially dangerous missions without resorting to force.
you're good with diplomacy when possible, but you know how to fight when you have to.
now, the new gaim ambassador, make sure he has the right id.
and whatever you do, don't let him go on and on about those damn...
it is tradition on my world to give newborn narns temporary names for the first 10 years of their lives.
the practice came out of the reality that life on narn is very hard and in the past many of us died quite young.
i've already heard several of your people quoting it and garibaldi says it's very well-written.
well, i'm sorry, there's just the one copy for now and, well, when i loaned it to mr. garibaldi it came back with coffee stains.
i was going over the swearing-in ceremony we've got coming up and there are two things we still don't have.
an oath of office and, for lack of a better term a declaration of principles for the new alliance.
now, this job is going to require a very special kind of writing.
many times you have spoken with tremendous eloquence in the council chambers.
when your world fell to the centauri the words you spoke made the hair on the back of my neck stand up.
so i would like you to write the oath and the declaration of principles.
well, a single shot from a ppg at close range directly to the heart.
superheated helium tore through his rib cage incinerated his heart and fused the vertebrae.
we are unarmed, and i assure you we mean you no harm.
we refuse to have anything to do with violence or technology.
because we can never go home our lives have been spent in transit, wandering from world to world.
we have come here because an independent babylon 5 may be the closest thing we will ever find to a home.
we want to put out the word to others of our kind have them gather here in safety.
in time, we will create a small colony until one day when we go out to create a world of our own a homeland for those who have no other home.
the somber david, the last of his family the rest hunted down and murdered by psi corps.
william shy but really quite interesting once you get to know.
he only gives flowers as a gift to the people he likes.
he can remember everything he's ever seen, heard, smelt or touched from the moment he was born and he can project those memories into someone else's mind share a part of himself in the most intimate way imaginable.
the gaim were a great help in our fight against the shadows and continue to be strong allies under the alliance.
if we can offer further help to your colonies, let us know.
that as president, he had to pay the price for the lives of all the soldiers who died fighting his war?
roosevelt felt that he would not make it out of office alive with so many dead under his leadership.
president kyoshi of the eastern bloc, 50 years ago dying in office three days after the war of the shining star ended.
it is the job of a president to pay the price for his people and his decisions.
you won't know where it's coming or when but it's coming.
and as strong as you think you are the one thing you can't stop is the lone gunman determined to kill you even if he gets killed in the process.
and that is all he will let any of us see.
we have no idea who she was only that he feels guilt for her death and hopes to make up for it someday.
i refuse to go through life trapped inside of a bubble.
with all due respect, you chose that life the moment you accepted this position.
on my world, we have learned an inauguration is simply a signal to assassins that a new target has been set up on the firing range.
i am not gonna argue the point but i am as much a target today as i am tomorrow and the day after that and the day after that.
now, i am supposed to lead this alliance and for my money that means hands-on.
it means that i should be out there where i can be seen and do some good.
now, this guy's wanted for the murder and torture of dissidents.
if he shows his face in the alliance, he's a dead man.
consequently, this contains the first page of every holy book of every race that has joined the new alliance.
whoever speaks for the alliance does so with the understanding that it is the inalienable right of every sentient being to live free, to pursue their dreams to address wrongs within their own society without fear of retribution to believe as their conscience requires in matters of faith but also to respect the rights of others to believe differently or not at all.
i just wanna let you know i thought about what you said earlier about re-enlisting.
the bottom line is, i've never been big on uniforms from the get-go and i've got someone on mars that needs me, so i can't re-sign with babylon 5.
but, you know, granted, "military intelligence" is kind of an oxymoron.
but, anyway, the new head of covert intelligence for the alliance is pleased to meet you.
yes, ma'am, but mr. garibaldi just got back from mars... and even though he's not technically on staff anymore...
zack allan is our new chief of security... he's helping zack get ready for sheridan's inauguration... as president of the new alliance.
see, when i first joined earthforce i was assigned to the 54th north american unit.
and the sergeant of our squadron, we used to call him sergeant slaughter... was the toughest, meanest di we ever saw... and he used to wash his own socks every morning.
the only kind of man that gets killed is the man who is done doing... whatever it is he's doing.
and i know i'm gonna come back alive... because i got socks to wash.
you know, i think that's the first time i ever saw old sergeant slaughter actually smile.
the newly elected president of the interstellar alliance... about to be officially sworn in, washing his own socks?
i hope this is going to work, alternating between your place and mine.
oh, i know, i know, but there is no room here for my belongings...
it's going to take me a while to get used to living on your world... but we do need a permanent headquarters for the alliance, and that's the logical choice.
the bottom line is... wherever you are is home enough for me.
putting someone from earthforce in charge of b5... will help cement us with the folks back there, military and civilian.
that's why i wanted you here... before we started this silly inauguration business.
now, the new gaim ambassador, make sure he has the right id.
and whatever you do, don't let him go on and on about those damn...
it is tradition on my world to give newborn narns temporary names... for the first 10 years of their lives.
the practice came out of the reality that life on narn is very hard... and in the past many of us died quite young.
i've already heard several of your people quoting it... and garibaldi says it's very well-written.
well, i'm sorry, there's just the one copy for now... and, well, when i loaned it to mr. garibaldi... it came back with coffee stains.
i was going over the swearing-in ceremony we've got coming up... and there are two things we still don't have.
an oath of office and, for lack of a better term... a declaration of principles for the new alliance.
now, this job is going to require a very special kind of writing.
many times you have spoken... with tremendous eloquence in the council chambers.
what i do know is that everything i've seen... points to a disciplined, careful, well-trained killer.
that ppg hit to the chest was in the exact spot to cause instantaneous death.
- i came because your performance earlier... was pretty clear indication that you're a telepath, a strong one... therefore potentially dangerous, which is why i didn't come alone.
we are unarmed, and i assure you we mean you no harm.
we tried working through the resistance, but their ways are not ours... so we slipped away, quietly, creating our own lives on other worlds.
because we can never go home... our lives have been spent in transit, wandering from world to world.
we have come here... because an independent babylon 5 may be the closest thing... we will ever find to a home.
we want to put out the word to others of our kind... have them gather here in safety.
did you know that he was sure that he would die in office?
that as president, he had to pay the price... for the lives of all the soldiers who died fighting his war?
roosevelt felt that he would not make it out of office alive... with so many dead under his leadership.
president kyoshi of the eastern bloc, 50 years ago... dying in office three days after the war of the shining star ended.
the people who died are your responsibility... and i'm here to make sure you pay the price for your actions... and to make sure you know why.
you won't know where it's coming or when... but it's coming.
we have no idea who she was... only that he feels guilt for her death and hopes to make up for it someday.
all right, i'm going to set up a series of treatments... to get him back up to snuff.
with all due respect, you chose that life the moment you accepted this position.
on my world, we have learned an inauguration is simply a signal to assassins... that a new target has been set up on the firing range.
i am not gonna argue the point... but i am as much a target today as i am tomorrow... and the day after that and the day after that.
now, i am supposed to lead this alliance... and for my money that means hands-on.
well, then maybe it's time some of those things were done differently.
if more of our so-called leaders would walk the same streets... as the people who voted them in, live in the same buildings, eat the same food... instead of hiding behind glass and steel and bodyguards... we'd get better leadership and more concern for the future.
our new friend just said all the security in the world... can't stop a lone gunman... dedicated to exchange his life for the target, and he is right.
so you may as well live instead of being a prisoner.
now, this guy's wanted for the murder and torture of dissidents.
if he shows his face in the alliance, he's a dead man.
consequently, this contains the first page... of every holy book of every race that has joined the new alliance.
whoever speaks for the alliance does so with the understanding... that it is the inalienable right of every sentient being... to live free, to pursue their dreams... to address wrongs within their own society without fear of retribution... to believe as their conscience requires in matters of faith... but also to respect the rights of others to believe differently or not at all.
mostly to keep track of what everybody else is doing... and, hell, we might need a little of our own from time to time.
but, you know, granted, "military intelligence" is kind of an oxymoron.
lieutenant, i thought i was going to be met by the entire command staff.
yes, ma'am, but mr. garibaldi just got back from mars and even though he's not technically on staff anymore zack allan is our new chief of security he's helping zack get ready for sheridan's inauguration as president of the new alliance.
the only kind of man that gets killed is the man who is done doing whatever it is he's doing.
and i know i'm gonna come back alive because i got socks to wash.
you know, i think that's the first time i ever saw old sergeant slaughter actually smile.
the newly elected president of the interstellar alliance about to be officially sworn in, washing his own socks?
i hope this is going to work, alternating between your place and mine.
oh, i know, i know, but there is no room here for my belongings i don't have room for yours and i should conduct minbari business in minbari surroundings.
for another we're still trying to heal the wounds from the civil war back home.
putting someone from earthforce in charge of b5 will help cement us with the folks back there, military and civilian.
that's why i wanted you here before we started this silly inauguration business.
in a way, it's saying, "we're independent but we'll always remember where we came from."
you have handled a number of potentially dangerous missions without resorting to force.
you're good with diplomacy when possible, but you know how to fight when you have to.
now, the new gaim ambassador, make sure he has the right id.
and whatever you do, don't let him go on and on about those damn...
it is tradition on my world to give newborn narns temporary names for the first 10 years of their lives.
the practice came out of the reality that life on narn is very hard and in the past many of us died quite young.
i've already heard several of your people quoting it and garibaldi says it's very well-written.
well, i'm sorry, there's just the one copy for now and, well, when i loaned it to mr. garibaldi it came back with coffee stains.
i was going over the swearing-in ceremony we've got coming up and there are two things we still don't have.
an oath of office and, for lack of a better term a declaration of principles for the new alliance.
now, this job is going to require a very special kind of writing.
many times you have spoken with tremendous eloquence in the council chambers.
when your world fell to the centauri the words you spoke made the hair on the back of my neck stand up.
so i would like you to write the oath and the declaration of principles.
well, a single shot from a ppg at close range directly to the heart.
superheated helium tore through his rib cage incinerated his heart and fused the vertebrae.
we are unarmed, and i assure you we mean you no harm.
we refuse to have anything to do with violence or technology.
because we can never go home our lives have been spent in transit, wandering from world to world.
we have come here because an independent babylon 5 may be the closest thing we will ever find to a home.
we want to put out the word to others of our kind have them gather here in safety.
in time, we will create a small colony until one day when we go out to create a world of our own a homeland for those who have no other home.
the somber david, the last of his family the rest hunted down and murdered by psi corps.
william shy but really quite interesting once you get to know.
he only gives flowers as a gift to the people he likes.
he can remember everything he's ever seen, heard, smelt or touched from the moment he was born and he can project those memories into someone else's mind share a part of himself in the most intimate way imaginable.
the gaim were a great help in our fight against the shadows and continue to be strong allies under the alliance.
if we can offer further help to your colonies, let us know.
that as president, he had to pay the price for the lives of all the soldiers who died fighting his war?
roosevelt felt that he would not make it out of office alive with so many dead under his leadership.
president kyoshi of the eastern bloc, 50 years ago dying in office three days after the war of the shining star ended.
it is the job of a president to pay the price for his people and his decisions.
you won't know where it's coming or when but it's coming.
and as strong as you think you are the one thing you can't stop is the lone gunman determined to kill you even if he gets killed in the process.
and that is all he will let any of us see.
we have no idea who she was only that he feels guilt for her death and hopes to make up for it someday.
i refuse to go through life trapped inside of a bubble.
with all due respect, you chose that life the moment you accepted this position.
on my world, we have learned an inauguration is simply a signal to assassins that a new target has been set up on the firing range.
i am not gonna argue the point but i am as much a target today as i am tomorrow and the day after that and the day after that.
now, i am supposed to lead this alliance and for my money that means hands-on.
it means that i should be out there where i can be seen and do some good.
now, this guy's wanted for the murder and torture of dissidents.
if he shows his face in the alliance, he's a dead man.
consequently, this contains the first page of every holy book of every race that has joined the new alliance.
whoever speaks for the alliance does so with the understanding that it is the inalienable right of every sentient being to live free, to pursue their dreams to address wrongs within their own society without fear of retribution to believe as their conscience requires in matters of faith but also to respect the rights of others to believe differently or not at all.
i just wanna let you know i thought about what you said earlier about re-enlisting.
the bottom line is, i've never been big on uniforms from the get-go and i've got someone on mars that needs me, so i can't re-sign with babylon 5.
but, you know, granted, "military intelligence" is kind of an oxymoron.
but, anyway, the new head of covert intelligence for the alliance is pleased to meet you.
instead of wasting his time in making peace, dosan would attack!
i don't wish to say this, but lord nobunaga is not popular in our clan.
a wedding is being held in the castle, it is your wedding!
- there will be an uproar if you do not return.
not only did he miss the wedding, he stays at a vassal's home.
and rejoices at amassing a few muskets as a bandit chief would.
lord nobunaga was friendless, and i was here as a hostage.
we were both alone, but because of his father's death, for the first time, for but a fleeting moment, we shared the feelings in our hearts.
some time has passed since the wedding, but i have yet to meet my son-in-law.
so i, dosan, wish to express my condolences on the deaths of nobunaga's father and hirate masahide.
as soon as we're apart, he will send someone to take me away.
when you arrive at the destination, he will say you behaved rudely and use that excuse to kill you.
in case they should steal your sword away, keep this hidden in your robes.
my father's gift to me when i came to be wed.
if you turned out to be mere fool, he bade me use this to kill you.
if the viper turns to devour you, kill him with it.
we live on the most diverse planet in the solar system.
its vast richness is revealed when we explore the variety of our world's landscapes.
madagascar is the only place on earth where lemurs are found.
on the mainland, the lemur's ancestors were out-competed by later-evolving monkeys.
here, where a cactus may grow as tall as a tree the ring-tailed lemur has adapted from forest leaf eater to connoisseur of cactus.
millions of years of rain and wind have exposed limestone pinnacles... silent reminders of the forces that shaped madagascar from the time it was torn from the bedrock of africa.
where india and asia collided the world's tallest mountains, the himalayas were uplifted with the highest plateau in the world, tibet.
as large as western europe the plateau is higher than the tallest peaks of the rocky mountains.
yet people have lived for thousands of years here in the place they call the chong-tong the lonely place.
the buddhists of tibet believe in the sacred connection between people and the world of nature.
prayers are written on flags to be carried by the mountain wind.
living as nomads, people conserve the land by constantly moving to feed their yaks, sheep and goats.
the yak carries all their belongings and gives milk, butter and meat... almost everything they need to survive.
in the land where temperatures can drop 80 degrees fahrenheit in one day yak hides even provide wool and shelter.
for an endangered people who are among the last of the nomads their shelter means survival and home.
their prayers are written inside prayer wheels to spin to the heavens.
as part of their connection to the land and their religion pilgrims travel hundreds of miles in walking meditation to monasteries and holy sites.
some lakes in tibet are considered holy and are headwaters to asian rivers that irrigate land to feed a quarter of humanity.
tibetans walk around holy sites as faithfully as the earth moves around the sun.
all people are linked to the place they live through their culture but for all of us everywhere, the natural landscape is what sustains the dance of life.
it crosses more than two-thirds of the south american continent and is joined by a thousand other rivers
as it brings a way of life to the people of the river.
rivers everywhere are arteries of life for great cities as well as small villages bringing food, water to drink and to grow crops and for transportation.
the amazon river basin is a vast landscape of river and forest almost as large as the continental united states encompassing nine nations.
people here follow the ebb and flow of the river learned in the journey of a lifetime.
in the amazon, people are only one of millions of species linked to the greatest watershed on earth.
located within a few degrees latitude of the equator the amazon basin receives nearly direct sun all year.
heat from the morning sun evaporates moisture and causes humid air to rise.
some meadows become part of the landscape and support even trees and the most colouful life in this lush environment.
where the powerful river exposes clay banks macaws and parrots fly in for a meal.
they eat the clay as an antidote to toxic seeds in their diet and for its life-sustaining minerals.
great rivers flow across the planet and the amazon is the greatest.
the world's greatest waterfall is iguazu... four times wider than niagara.
south of the amazon basin at the border of brazil and argentina
across this 80 million-year-old desert prevailing winds build the earth's tallest sand dunes
dunes over a thousand feet tall that migrate a grain of sand at a time.
of all the deserts the namib contains the greatest variety of life:
beetles that collect moisture on their backs at the top of the dunes.
land, air, water and life... has created landscapes of dramatic diversity.
the namib is one of the world's five west coast deserts that stretch to a cold sea.
at the arctic circle, the largest island in the world lies covered by a permanent landscape of ice.
beneath the enormous weight of the greenland ice cap the world's oldest landscape has sunk below sea level.
here, the musk ox is cloaked in one of nature's warmest coats even in summer's bloom.
greenland's storyteller, the drum dancer celdbrates the thousands of years people have survived at this icy edge.
in botswana, southern africa the okavango river delta is africa's greatest oasis.
flowing from the north, the okavango river has carried millions of tons of sand and debris to create one of the largest inland river deltas in the world.
instead, it spreads across the kalahari desert and the desert blooms with life.
this massive, landlocked river delta depends on water hundreds of miles away that travels half the year to reach the dry, lower delta.
in the okavango, and everywhere the procession of life is a reflection of the landscape.
only on this planet have elemental processes combined to create so many great places, inanimate features of land which make possible the drama of life.
in the unending partnership of predator and prey one life gives way to many others.
here, in the cradle of africa, and everywhere we are both witness and participant in the earth's most intricate patterns of the land and life.
this rich variety of landscapes is found only on one planet.
to explore these greatest places is to recognize our common bond
i don't know, but he's almost taking it harder than me and cory.
we'll return to the young and the restless right after this word from feeny.
first, there'll be some strange shrouded figure creeping behind us none of us will see.
then the lights will flicker, and feeny will pop up and reveal his master plan to us.
because you're beautiful, you think i'm gonna believe you, but i'm not!
this is just like that movie, killer, killer, you're the killer.
and if you're not, then i guess i feel like there's nothing i can depend on.
and it really makes me angry that there's nothing i can do to fix that.
actually, i've written a thesis which disputes that theory, and when i accept my fields medal for mathematics,
i will be sure to thank you, sir, mr. feeny, sir.
'cause we didn't keep our shape and we played like woosies.
this time really get in amongst them, don't give them any time.
joe bought him a couple of books... hardly he never misses.
he gets bored with the pictures, so liam makes up stories.
he's been in the game ten years, he's wallpapered many ceilings.
it's no problem putting the paper up, but to be honest... ..we in the trade call it a bristle number.
one day when i woke up... desperate for a drink, totally skint...
i went to a music shop and stole a bundle of cassettes...
i just looked at this guy - looked at shanks and thought, "so that's an alcoholic?"
this guy had done 15 years in the jail, then they put him in a hostel.
ends up on the street, gangrene, arse hanging out of his trousers, sleeping in his vomit.
utter misery and i did not give a toss, because i shook hands with these unfortunates.
that really touched me, even in the state i was in.
she looked at me and said, "remember, you are not alone".
joe bought him a couple of books... hardly he never misses.
he gets bored with the pictures, so liam makes up stories.
he's been in the game ten years, he's wallpapered many ceilings.
it's no problem putting the paper up, but to be honest... ..we in the trade call it a bristle number.
"dear sir, i would like to point out that mr kavanagh
"is a friend who carried out work on may the 5th.
i tried to open the door, put the key in the lock, and the stupid key wouldn't go in.
i was meant to fix the lock and never got round to it.
somebody helped me once and i thought i could do the same.
if i'd thought i was gonna lose you, i'd never have done it.
i just looked at this guy - looked at shanks and thought, "so that's an alcoholic?"
this guy had done 15 years in the jail, then they put him in a hostel.
ends up on the street, gangrene, arse hanging out of his trousers, sleeping in his vomit.
utter misery and i did not give a toss, because i shook hands with these unfortunates.
that really touched me, even in the state i was in.
she looked at me and said, "remember, you are not alone".
joe bought him a couple of books... hardly he never misses.
he gets bored with the pictures, so liam makes up stories.
he's been in the game ten years, he's wallpapered many ceilings.
it's no problem putting the paper up, but to be honest... ..we in the trade call it a bristle number.
"dear sir, i would like to point out that mr kavanagh
"is a friend who carried out work on may the 5th.
'cause we didn't keep our shape and we played like woosies.
this time really get in amongst them, don't give them any time.
one day when i woke up... desperate for a drink, totally skint...
i went to a music shop and stole a bundle of cassettes...
♪ till her boyfriend kicked her out in one of those crushing scenes ♪
♪ what was she to do, where was she to go, she was out on her fanny ♪
♪ so over the bridge from flushing to the sheffield's door ♪
♪ she was there to sell make up but the father saw more ♪
♪ she had style, she had flair, she was there, that's how she became the nanny ♪
♪ who would have guessed that the girl we described ♪
♪ and the kids are actually smiling such joie de vivre ♪
♪ she's the lady in red when everybody else is wearing tan ♪
where is the little hangers without the hooks that don't work at home?
and where is my $20 toast with the little jellies that i can never open?
oh, i remember because it was sweeps and there was, everything was going haywire.
mrs. chancellor was getting her facelift on national television, but they paid for it...
you told me this egg beater could stay up for six hours at a time.
i'm sorry, ma'am, the more weight you carry, the more fuel you burn.
i mean, it was either watch the man that i love die or suck the poison.
and you know how i know how to do this, don't you?
yes, i did, wonder boy, and after the show, i'm gonna kill myself.
why don't you go play some tennis with your f riends?
danny and i ar e hopping in a limo, heading down the garden state parkway, and getting off at the exit clearly marked "the zone."
that's gr eat, casey, but all those things you just said -- -
that's all f or us, but don't shed a tear 'cause casey and i will be back at 2:00 a.m. on this coast, 11:00 p.m. on the left, subbing in f or peter lasker and paul schapp on the "west coast update."
so don't adjust that dial, and while we'r e gone, if any talking animals ask you to buy some tacos or beer, f or god's sake, do what they tell you.
and the good news is it says her e that osteoporosis isn't an inevitable part of aging as once was thought.
in f act, if you haven't r eached menopause yet -- [ gasps ]
isaac, i'm gonna bring along this material on shrinking and r ead it aloud as we play unless you think that's gonna distract you.
no, i just want to make sur e you've got time to put your r ésumé together and clean out your desk.
or ar e you just af raid i might humiliate you and you won't be able to go to sundance with judy the ho?
i tell you, casey, it appears some time has f r eed up in my schedule, and i just might be able to play cards with you after all.
recently divorced, makes a ton of money, and i'm sur e he's got good contacts.
you know, i don't mind telling you i could r eally go f or him.
l-i r eally mean that, and i don't want anything to get --
oh, sally, i can tell you'r e starting to open up to me a little, and i think that's gr eat, but i'm pr etty much done talking with you right now.
- we'll have an argument, and she will take a position that absolutely defies logic.
now, i have a pr etty healthy r espect f or logic, but then all she has to do is put on one of my shirts.
i start my match king's pawn 3, king's pawn 3, bam, bam, bam.
all of a sudden, the guy moves bishop to queen's rook 7.
first of all, sally doesn't have any prof essional acumen, and second of all, what the hell ar e you talking about?
i'm just saying that it's hard not to notice that the woman's body was put together by a technician very close to god.
well, her brain was put together by the assistant night guy at the 7-eleven.
well, maybe so, but i think the source of your problem -- -
well, one of the things she's gonna be whispering is, "stand by, 14," which will be your third straight highlight without a br eak f or a f eatur e.
she's got cameras 2 and 3 as your primaries, dan's doing the soccer, and...two of your intros contain puns.
i want you to say to yourself, "yeah, i've dated a string of jerks in my lif e.
"they wer e stupid, they wer e mean to me, but maybe this one's diff er ent.
"maybe i should take a chance and not adopt the 'br eak up with him bef or e he br eaks my heart' strategy."
i want you to r emember that when i started liking you,
i didn't stop liking tennis, and i want you to know that i don't think ther e's a woman in the world that you need to be thr eatened by, no matter how glamorous you think she is.
but mostly i want you to trust me just once when i tell you that you have thr ee 7's... and i have a straight.
dana, you've either got to stand over that woman's shoulder or you have to call everyone in the pacific time zone and tell them i'm not r eally like this.
oh, the thing is jer emy's gone now, the cards ar e still hot, and i'm f eeling like i might be just a little somewher e in the vicinity of the zone,
will, get me shot sheets f or the west coast hockey.
elliott, look at v.o.s in the early 20s and take out all the puns.
dick grayson, also known as nightwing, was arrested last night in a fiery shootout in lower gotham.
though rigorously questioned by police grayson refused to reveal the whereabouts of the batman now known to be billionaire bruce wayne.
yes, batman has helped the city, but he still operates outside the law.
we've looked the other way before but now that everyone knows your daughter was part of his team...
on advice from legal counsel, we have launched a billion-dollar lawsuit.
if the bat's on a spree, wayne must pay the fee.
- we, don't wanna judge, dharma but it does seem you're kind of drifting away from your values.
mean, can't count how many times 've stood naked under the fu moon with the other mothers and daughters making up excuses for why you're not there.
okay, what does it mean to go to the big trees and save the young one?
okay, "big trees" is the redwoods where i used to go camping when was a "young one," get it?
well, i never really cared that much about names and it was really important to greg.
when i was little, abby and larry let me name myself.
i might as well do something that challenges me as a teen and maybe bring some joy into the drab lives of others who are less popular.
so, they'll have this dinner theater with a play by this guy, ken barry, and i'm going to audition for "emily," the really cute sister.
i will make a dainty garland for my head and sing.
i will make a dainty garland for my head and sing.
for your information, daria, she volunteered to drive him so he could work on his lines.
did she volunteer to get him a dainty transplant for his head so he could remember them?
i am the brave sir chuck, sir chuck, manly and strong and quick...
i'm going to cut out your tongue, your tongue, and fry it up on a stick.
... cesarean because sandi's head was so round and smooth and not flat and bumpy like the other babies.
well, my labor with quinn was only two hours, 20 minutes, so her head was quite round, too.
that's great, especially since giving birth can be risky for women over 35.
now, i want everyone to take a minute and visualize the audience.
"i will make a dainty garland for my head and sing."
"that lust proceeds from wine and drunkenness, consider how drunken lot pervertedly slept with..."
king edward ii busted robin and his band of outlaws poaching deer.
but, rather than punish him, he pardoned robin and made him his special friend.
she had six fingers on her left hand, a big mole on her neck, and don't even ask me what was going on below that.
um, babe... now, i know it doesn't take this long to drive to school.
- no tengo dinero at the beginning of the fair scene jordan knight
- give it to you at the fair lord tariq peter gunz
which is hard to do because she can't see her feet at this point, can she?
and later in the week, we expect a huge storm to hit our area.
now in some areas the wind is going to get as high as 60 miles per hour.
it's a good idea to protect your windows by three-quarter-inch plywood.
i'm sorry, tim, just sometimes i tend to think of your children as my own.
we should've prepared them better, shared more of our concerns about drugs.
i'm just trying to figure out what's going on with you.
you know, what's going on with me is that i'm grounded.
but i ended up in the emergency room, registered under the name charlene fogelman.
you used a phony name so your parents wouldn't catch you?
i don't want to lose my soccer scholarship or the other thing.
"the other thing" is the most important thing in your life.
what are you gonna do the next time you go to a party?
which, by the way, will be a very long time from now.
tell them that you can't smoke because if you get caught again, your parents are gonna put you on drug testing.
well, do you think my friends are really gonna buy that?
so, dad, there you are giving frank sinatra a leg-up over this wall.
you would've thought he'd have slipped you a couple of spare tickets.
well, it was a very noisy restaurant, right, so we had to sit quite close together...
don't look now, but there's a woman behind you in a red jacket.
and if your hand causes you to sin, cut it off.
it is better for you to enter life maimed than with two hands to go to hell to the unquenchable fire.
and if your eye causes you to sin, pluck it out.
it is better for you to enter the kingdom of god with one eye than with two eyes to be thrown into hell.
i've seen the way he looks at his son - with love.
a love that only a father can recognise, and which i recognise, cos that's how i look at pete.
- one for me, one for you, one for me, one for you.... ...cards are like whores.
they can get pretty addictive who do you think i am?
"louis, i think this is the beginning of a beautiful friendship. "
- boss, try this please, what do you think about the tase?
- a train rides on track, not just randomly through the woods.
...it can't just have gone up in smoke, or can it?
- i will buy you a convertible and half the ocean!
...and three houses bigger than america ...little girl, you have stolen my heart ...and if you were mine, you would live like a queen, ...at daytime a queen and at nightime an empress.
- he must cancel the first wedding and perform the second wedding.
- don't worry, i thought you were asking it in relation to the old man.
...i wish everything will be beautiful for you may it last a life long and enjoy each others company.
...think of it as this...what happens today is a prelude to fulfilling the most important and beautiful tasks in life.
...to pull a nail from a beam in the most spectacular fashion.
it wasn't an ordinary fight, but more one man against king kong.
...to pull a nail from a beam in the most spectacular fashion.
it wasn't an ordinary fight, but more one man against king kong.
may it last a life long and enjoy each others company.
you should consider fulfilling one of the most important and beautiful tasks in life.
...to pull a nail from a beam in the most spectacular fashion.
it wasn't an ordinary fight, but more one man against king kong.
may it last a life long and enjoy each others company.
you should consider fulfilling one of the most important and beautiful tasks in life.
may it last a life long and enjoy each others company.
you should consider fulfilling one of the most important and beautiful tasks in life.
...to pull a nail from a beam in the most spectacular fashion.
it wasn't an ordinary fight, but more one man against king kong.
may it last a life long and enjoy each others company.
you should consider fulfilling one of the most important and beautiful tasks in life.
...to pull a nail from a beam in the most spectacular fashion.
it wasn't an ordinary fight, but more one man against king kong.
...to pull a nail from a beam in the most spectacular fashion.
it wasn't an ordinary fight, but more one man against king kong.
...to pull a nail from a beam in the most spectacular fashion.
it wasn't an ordinary fight, but more one man against king kong.
treize khushrenada took on the task of closing the curtain on an era and died in battle.
that gave way to the birth of the earth sphere unified nation.
as you're aware it's been only seven years since colony l3-x1 8999 was completed.
we've invited people from earth to come live here but our unstable economy is preventing the population from growing.
the problem is whether the citizens understand that they're members of the earth sphere unified nation.
one can't expect a stable lifestyle if one's own colony alone is prospering.
even if it does become a mobile suit battle we could steal a couple of their suits and fight back.
if you leave him alone quatre always takes the blame for everything himself.
one day he'll say that his lack of effort is the reason there's no air in outer space.
we're faced with great danger and i've taken the only means ...to counter this situation...
the plan is for the colonies to conquer earth for the awakening of a "new mankind"!
that sounds like something dekim of the barton foundation would dream up.
we'd fly the ship to venus and use the catapult effect of its gravity to get to earth.
our main problem is the time we have at the rendezvous point.
i guess there's still a place for a man who can't get used to peace.
the serpent suits can't fight back wearing their atmosphere shielding devices!
mariemaia's army has captured the presidential residence of the earth sphere united nation.
as snow continues to fall peace on earth has ended after one short year.
wing zero's aim is accurate to one hundredth of a unit!
this shelter will collapse if it's hit again in the same place!
at the natural resources satellite mo-2 a ceremony was being held to mark the first anniversary of the war's end.
one year ago people didn't have the peace of mind to enjoy christmas.
we've invited people from earth to come live here but our unstable economy is preventing the population from growing.
the problem is whether the citizens understand that they're members of the earth sphere unified nation.
one can't expect a stable lifestyle if one's own colony alone is prospering.
but we've been told that many citizens here hope for a strong leader to rise up and guide them.
i hear there's a so-called adult world that kids don't understand.
so i can't begin to explain how i've come to live in this world.
and there might not even be a need for our gundams.
even if it does become a mobile suit battle we could steal a couple of their suits and fight back.
if you leave him alone quatre always takes the blame for everything himself.
one day he'll say that his lack of effort is the reason there's no air in outer space.
i'm a nameless soldier who's been on the battlefield for as long as i remember.
the first time i met the man called trowa i was helping with adjustments to heavyarms.
it'll take us five more days to rendezvous with the resources disposal satellite.
we could reduce the time by up to eighty hours on this route.
if we detonated the power generator and used the explosion as our propulsion we could return to earth in no time.
we'd fly the ship to venus and use the catapult effect of its gravity to get to earth.
our main problem is the time we have at the rendezvous point.
according to calculations this ship'll run alongside the satellite for only five seconds!
these people have no idea what mariemaia will do to them.
but with the world's lack of strength to retaliate she won't need five minutes to take political control.
then the balancing mechanism is destroyed at la grange hurling the colony toward earth.
as this causes chaos on earth the gundams are sent to take over.
at the natural resources satellite mo-2 a ceremony was being held to mark the first anniversary of the war's end.
one year ago people didn't have the peace of mind to enjoy christmas.
we've invited people from earth to come live here but our unstable economy is preventing the population from growing.
the problem is whether the citizens understand that they're members of the earth sphere unified nation.
one can't expect a stable lifestyle if one's own colony alone is prospering.
but we've been told that many citizens here hope for a strong leader to rise up and guide them.
i hear there's a so-called adult world that kids don't understand.
so i can't begin to explain how i've come to live in this world.
and there might not even be a need for our gundams.
even if it does become a mobile suit battle we could steal a couple of their suits and fight back.
if you leave him alone quatre always takes the blame for everything himself.
one day he'll say that his lack of effort is the reason there's no air in outer space.
i'm a nameless soldier who's been on the battlefield for as long as i remember.
the first time i met the man called trowa i was helping with adjustments to heavyarms.
it'll take us five more days to rendezvous with the resources disposal satellite.
we could reduce the time by up to eighty hours on this route.
if we detonated the power generator and used the explosion as our propulsion we could return to earth in no time.
we'd fly the ship to venus and use the catapult effect of its gravity to get to earth.
our main problem is the time we have at the rendezvous point.
according to calculations this ship'll run alongside the satellite for only five seconds!
these people have no idea what mariemaia will do to them.
but with the world's lack of strength to retaliate she won't need five minutes to take political control.
then the balancing mechanism is destroyed at la grange hurling the colony toward earth.
as this causes chaos on earth the gundams are sent to take over.
right, let's sort the buyers from the spyers, the needy from the greedy, and those who trust me from the ones who don't.
because if you can't see value here today, you're not up here shopping, you're up here shoplifting.
ed can hustle a few quid here and there, but his real talent lies in cards and gambling with cards.
bacon could see that his days of selling moody goods on street corners are numbered.
the skinny one is tom, and he's the entrepreneur of the bunch.
he's got a couple of dirty little fingers in a couple of dirty little pies.
nick, here, however, has made it his business to have all 20 fat little fingers and toes in every dirty bent and stolen pie in london.
between the two of them, there ain't much you can't get ahold of.
the amount of money involved has to be 100 grand upwards, and there's no shortage of punters.
the man who decides whether you can play or not is this man, harry.
so what's the point in having it if we're not gonna fucking use it?
well, i would have used it, winston, but this is willie.
the problem is, willie, that charles and yourself are not the quickest of cats at the best of times.
so just do as i say and keep the fucking cage locked!
ed has been playing cards since he could lift them up, and he soon discovered that he had a big advantage.
it's not that he's good with cards or even good at counting them.
you know, four pretty white pieces of paper with your names on them?
well, we've got 100,000 bits of paper with the queen's head on them.
hold on to your fucking tongue, and i will hold onto my patience, okay, sonny?
no one in here tonight but card players, and i do mean no one.
that means three three's are the highest, then three aces, then running down accordingly.
then it's a running flush, a run, a flush and then a pair.
otherwise, i will take a finger off each of you and your friends' hands for every day that passes without payment.
and then when you run out of digits, your dad's bar, and who knows what then.
harry was going to start sizing up all their fingers in a week, because he knew there was no way ed could settle that debt on his own.
harry saw it as their money on the table, so it was also their debt off the table.
ed would hate admit it, but he could have kissed the old bastard for that.
if he said he wanted to settle the debt on his own, it would have been a lie.
harry's lost his rag, reached out for the nearest thing at hand, which happened to be a 15-inch black rubber cock.
he then proceeded to batter poor smithy to death with it.
that's a snip for the amount of pleasure they're gonna give the recipients.
but they send their checks to the other company name, nothing offensive, bobbie's bits, or something, for 25 quid.
because who wants their bank manager to know they tickle arse when they're not paying in checks?
so how long do you have to wait till you see the return?
soap, if you have a better idea how to get £500,000 in the next few days, let us know.
in the meantime, tom, you talk to nick the bubble about shifting the weed.
he's gone down the battle cruiser to watch the end of a football game.
no one's watching the custard, so he switches the channel over.
so calm as a coma, picks up a fire extinguisher, walks straight past the jam rolls who are ready for action and plonks it outside the entrance.
he then orders an aristotle of the most ping-pong tiddly in the nuclear sub and switches back to his footer.
remember, you do have the luxurious advantage of being able to sustain your son's life.
and you do have a reputation, so i'll choose my words very carefully.
as long as we're all out of our hiding places quickly, it's the last thing they're gonna expect.
oh, and if tom or anyone else for that matter feels like giving them a bit of a kicking,
i've got a race coming up in a minute, so if you'd just be kind enough to. ..
lenny, take that round to snow white and the three little chemists.
in fact, it's a little bit more than a little bit of a problem, isn't it?
on a scale of things, you could say it's the mount fucking everest of problems.
but chris had to respect the fact that he was holding what appeared to be a pair of loaded shotguns.
and tom had to respect the fact that they were not loaded.
now look, i've got a race coming up in a minute, so if you'd just be kind enough to...
lenny, take that round to snow white and the three little chemists.
in fact, this is a little bit more than looking a bit of a problem, isn't it?
on the scale of things, you could say it's the mount fucking everest of problems!
and i think, if i get this right, we haven't done anything wrong and we're in the clear.
never ever... has anyone been as fucking rude... .. to me as you, you...
'now this was an embarrassing position for tom to be in.
'but chris had to respect the fact that he was holding 'what appeared to be a pair of loaded shotguns.
and they're hardly likely to trace 'em back to us, are they?
do you really think it's worth taking the the risk for £700?
# and i'll be good to you oh, yes, i will...
right, let's sort the buyers from the spyers, the needy from the greedy and those who trust me from the ones who don't.
'but his real talent lies in cards - 'and gambling with cards.
'bacon could see that his days 'of selling moody goods on street corners are numbered. '
seems... well, this seems to be a waste of my time.
that is 900 nicker in any shop you're lucky enough to find one in and you're complaining about 200?
'he's got a couple of dirty little fingers' 'in a couple of dirty little pies. '
'nick, here, however, has made it his business' 'to have all 20 fat little fingers and toes' 'in every dirty, bent and stolen pie in london. '
'the amount of money involved has to be 100 grand upwards' 'and there's no shortage of punters. '
'the man who decides whether you can play or not is this man -'
you went out six hours ago to buy a money counter.
and you come back with a semi-conscious gloria and a bag of fertiliser?
'and he soon discovered that he had a big advantage. '
'it's not that he's good with cards,' 'or even good at counting them. '
that means three 3s are the highest, then three aces, then running down accordingly.
then it's a running flush, a run, a flush and then a pair.
i know your friends are responsible for most of the cash... so i'm gonna give you one week to find it.
otherwise i will take a finger of each of you and your friends' hands for every day that passes without payment.
'harry was going to start sizing up all their fingers in a week.
'because he knew there was no way ed could settle that debt on his own. '
'harry saw it as their money on the table,' 'so it was also their debt off the table. '
'ed would hate to admit it, but he could've kissed the old bastard for that. '
'if he said he wanted to settle the debt on his own,' 'it would have been a lie. '
i wish to christ he would've let me settle the debt on my own.
he might look a bit silly, but he's a fucking lunatic.
if he gets the slightest inkling we're not throwing straight dice, you and me are gonna know what the sharp side of a kebab knife feels like.
soap, if you have a better idea how to get £500,000 in the next few days, let us know.
in the meantime, tom, you talk to nick the bubble about shifting the weed.
rory knows claret is imminent, but he doesn't want to miss the end of the game.
so calm as a coma, picks up the fire extinguisher, walks straight past the jam rolls who were ready for action and plonks it outside the entrance.
all right, once he's got himself set, he gets the rest of us in.
now we'll get nasty with a couple of'em, shit 'em up, ok, or whatever.
as long as we're all out of our hiding places quickly, it's the last thing they're gonna expect.
oh, and if tom or anyone else for that matter feels like giving 'em a bit of a kicking,
if you don't look at them, you're a blind man, you only put in half the stake.
three of any kind is the highest, but the odds are 450-1 against getting any three.
then there's a running flush, all the same suit, all in order, then a straight and a flush and a pair, and finally, whatever the highest card you've got.
now, there are some telltale signs that can help, but they took me long enough to learn so i'm not telling you.
let's sort the buyers from the spiers and those who trust me from the ones who don't.
if you can't see value here, you're not shopping, you're shoplifting.
'but his real talent lies in cards - 'and gambling with cards.
'bacon could see that his days 'of selling moody goods on street corners are numbered.
'the amount of money has to be 100 grand upwards 'and there's no shortage of punters.
'this is the man who decides whether you can play -
the problem is, willie, charles and yourself are not the quickest cats at the best of times.
so do as i say and keep the fucking cage locked!
yeah, four pretty white pieces of paper with your names on.
we got 100,000 bits of paper with the queen's head on.
hold on to your tongue and i'll hold on to my patience.
no one in here tonight but card players - no one.
i know your friends are responsible for most of the cash... so i'm gonna give you one week to find it.
0therwise i will take a finger off each of you and your friends' hands for every day that passes without payment.
'harry would start sizing up all their fingers in a week.
'he knew there was no way ed could settle that debt alone.
you send back the cheque for 25 pound from the other company name -
"arse ticklers faggots fan club" - saying we're sorry, we couldn't get supplies from america - they ran out of stock.
if he gets an inkling we're not throwing straight dice, we're gonna know what the sharp side of a kebab knife feels like.
yeah, but we're in this for the cash however it comes.
straight as an arrow and strong as the bow that fired it.
if you dropped a tenner, he'd search till he found you.
he knows claret is imminent, but he doesn't want to miss the game.
calm as a coma, picks up the fire extinguisher, walks past the jam rolls ready for action and plonks it outside the entrance.
now, jd is a better player but harry is a shit and a cheat.
this game went on for two days, until your dad lost everything.
harry starts laughin', cheering', doin' a little jig and he turns jd's cards over.
jd by this time is cryin' proper tears, this is next to pathetic.
as long as we're out of our hiding places quickly, it's the last thing you'd expect.
if tom or anyone else feels like giving 'em a kicking,
look, i've got a race coming up, so if you'd be kind enough...
lenny, take that round to snow white and the three little chemists.
then i want every slag this side of ceylon pulled in and tortured...badly.
i want to know who's responsible for this, otherwise i hold you responsible.
and there's no problem with the neighbours - they're all dead.
and i think, if i get this right, we haven't done anything wrong and we're in the clear.
she says "a oner", he says "all right," takes her off.
says "all right, clothes off, get on the bed," she lays down, dwarf opens the suitcase and pulls out four springs, puts one on each hand and foot, bounces over and gets on top of her, boing,
bouncin' up and down, boing boing, gives her the best shag she's ever had, he's on her for two hours, and it's the best fuck she's ever had.
she's like, "that was amazing, the best fuck i've ever had.
the skinny one is tom, and he's the entrepreneur of the bunch.
he's got a couple of dirty little fingers in a couple of dirty little pies.
nick, here, however, has made it his business to have all 20 fat little fingers and toes in every dirty bent and stolen pie in london.
between the two of them, there ain't much you can't get ahold of.
soap is called soap because he likes to keep his hands clean of any unlawful behavior.
he's proud of his job and even more proud that it's legal.
the amount of money involved has to be 100 grand upwards, and there's no shortage of punters.
the man who decides whether you can play or not is this man, harry.
so what's the point in having it if we're not gonna fucking use it?
well, i would have used it, winston, but this is willie.
the problem is, willie, that charles and yourself are not the quickest of cats at the best of times.
so just do as i say and keep the fucking cage locked!
ed has been playing cards since he could lift them up, and he soon discovered that he had a big advantage.
it's not that he's good with cards or even good at counting them.
that means three three's are the highest, then three aces, then running down accordingly.
then it's a running flush, a run, a flush and then a pair.
i am trying to find out where they keep their money!
you twat, can't you see these people have got no money?
harry was going to start sizing up all their fingers in a week, because he knew there was no way ed could settle that debt on his own.
harry saw it as their money on the table, so it was also their debt off the table.
ed would hate admit it, but he could have kissed the old bastard for that.
if he said he wanted to settle the debt on his own, it would have been a lie.
that's a snip for the amount of pleasure they're gonna give the recipients.
but they send their checks to the other company name, nothing offensive, bobbie's bits, or something, for 25 quid.
because who wants their bank manager to know they tickle arse when they're not paying in checks?
so how long do you have to wait till you see the return?
he might look a bit silly, but he's a fucking lunatic.
and if he gets the slightest inkling we're not throwing straight dice, then you and me are gonna know what the sharp side of a kebab knife feels like.
he's gone down the battle cruiser to watch the end of a football game.
no one's watching the custard, so he switches the channel over.
so calm as a coma, picks up a fire extinguisher, walks straight past the jam rolls who are ready for action and plonks it outside the entrance.
he then orders an aristotle of the most ping-pong tiddly in the nuclear sub and switches back to his footer.
i don't want to blow the arse out of this country, granted.
but i don't want anyone blowing a raspberry at me, either.
remember, you do have the luxurious advantage of being able to sustain your son's life.
and you do have a reputation, so i'll choose my words very carefully.
but like any cowboys, there'll be a few tools lying around.
when the job's done, we come straight back here and unload.
as long as we're all out of our hiding places quickly, it's the last thing they're gonna expect.
oh, and if tom or anyone else for that matter feels like giving them a bit of a kicking,
i've got a race coming up in a minute, so if you'd just be kind enough to...
lenny, take that round to snow white and the three little chemists.
in fact, it's a little bit more than a little bit of a problem, isn't it?
on a scale of things, you could say it's the mount fucking everest of problems.
and there's no problem with the neighbors, because they're all dead.
and i think, if i get this right, we haven't done anything wrong, and we're in the clear.
now this was an embarrassing position for tom to be in.
but chris had to respect the fact that he was holding what appeared to be a pair of loaded shotguns.
it seemed hatchet underestimated you lot, and it seems to have cost him.
well, i ain't gonna make the same mistake now, am i?
now if you think that's unfair, you come and pay me a little visit.
but you better be waving a white flag high and clear, so as i can see it.
it's no good standing out there like one o'clock half struck.
my own you'd better buy'em, these are not stolen - they just haven't been paid for, and we can't get them again, they've changed the bloody locks
will be the cry when the man with the bargains has passed you by.
if you've got no money on you now, you'll crying tears as big as october cabbages.
seems... well, this seems to be a waste of my time.
that is 900 nicker in any shop you're lucky enough to find one in and you're complaining about 200?
'he's got a couple of dirty little fingers' 'in a couple of dirty little pies.'
'nick, here, however, has made it his business' 'to have all 20 fat little fingers and toes' 'in every dirty, bent and stolen pie in london.'
'the amount of money involved has to be 100 grand upwards' 'and there's no shortage of punters.'
'the man who decides whether you can play or not is this man -'
you went out six hours ago to buy a money counter.
and you come back with a semi-conscious gloria and a bag of fertiliser ?
'ed has been playing cards since he could lift 'em up.'
'and he soon discovered that he had a big advantage.' 'lt's not that he's good with cards,' 'or even good at counting them.' 'lt's that he's good with reading people's reactions'
that means three 3s are the highest, then three aces, then running down accordingly.
then it's a running flush, a run, a flush and then a pair.
i know your friends are responsible for most of the cash... so i'm gonna give you one week to find it.
otherwise i will take a finger of each of you and your friends' hands for every day that passes without payment.
'harry was going to start sizing up all their fingers in a week.
'because he knew there was no way ed could settle that debt on his own.'
'harry saw it as their money on the table,' 'so it was also their debt off the table.'
'ed would hate to admit it, but he could've kissed the old bastard for that.' 'lf he said he wanted to settle the debt on his own,' 'it would have been a lie.'
reached out for the nearest thing at hand - which happened to be a 15-inch black rubber cock.
he's then proceeded to batter poor smithy to death with it.
he might look a bit silly, but he's a fucking lunatic.
if he gets the slightest inkling we're not throwing straight dice, you and me are gonna know what the sharp side of a kebab knife feels like.
soap, if you have a better idea how to get £500,000 in the next few days, let us know.
in the meantime, tom, you talk to nick the bubble about shifting the weed.
rory knows claret is imminent, but he doesn't want to miss the end of the game.
so calm as a coma, picks up the fire extinguisher, walks straight past the jam rolls who were ready for action and plonks it outside the entrance.
all right, once he's got himself set, he gets the rest of us in.
now we'll get nasty with a couple of'em, shit 'em up, ok, or whatever.
look nasty and stuff, cocoon 'em in gaffer tape, nick their van, swap the gear into the new van and bring it all back here.
as long as we're all out of our hiding places quickly, it's the last thing they're gonna expect.
here, ed, are you sure it's a good idea taking this back to yours?
why, it's the only place we can take it, and the last place they're gonna look.
if he wants to get rid of it quick, he'll have to take it.
now look, i've got a race coming up in a minute, so if you'd just be kind enough to...
on the scale of things, you could say it's the mount fucking everest of problems!
and the reason it's such a mon-fucking-struosity of a problem is... you don't have the first idea who did this to us, have you?
after we pay hatchet, this deal puts us up... nearly 200,000 pounds each.
that's not bad for a morning's work, i think you'll agree.
winston there is gonna come along and see if he recognises any of them.
now watch out for these fellas - they've got a bit of an arsenal and they don't mind using it.
and there's no problem with the neighbours - because they're all dead.
and i think, if i get this right, we haven't done anything wrong and we're in the clear.
'but chris had to respect the fact that he was holding 'what appeared to be a pair of loaded shotguns.
'and tom had to respect the fact that they were not loaded.
and they're hardly likely to trace 'em back to us, are they?
do you really think it's worth taking the the risk for £700?
# and i'll be good to you oh, yes, i will...
let's sort the buyers from the spyers and those who trust me from the ones who don't.
"too late" will be the cry when the bargains pass you by.
if you've no money on you, you'll cry tears big as october cabbages.
'the amount of money has to be 100 grand upwards 'and there's no shortage of punters.
'this is the man who decides whether you can play -
the problem is, willie, charles and yourself are not the quickest cats at the best of times.
so do as i say and keep the fucking cage locked!
'it's not that he's good at cards, 'or even good at counting them.
'it's that he's good at reading people's reactions 'no matter how subtle.
three 3s are highest, then three aces, then running down accordingly.
then it's a running flush, a run, a flush and then a pair.
i know your friends are responsible for most of the cash... so i'm gonna give you one week to find it.
otherwise i will take a finger of each of you and your friends' hands for every day that passes without payment.
'harry would start sizing up all their fingers in a week.
'he knew there was no way ed could settle that debt alone.
you send back the cheque for 25 pound from the other company name -
"arse ticklers faggots fan club" - saying we're sorry, we couldn't get supplies from america - they ran out of stock.
calm as a coma, picks up the fire extinguisher, walks past the jam rolls ready for action and plonks it outside the entrance.
he orders an aristotle of the most ping-pong tiddly in the nuclear sub and switches back to his footer.
we wait till it's the right time, then jack-in-the-box, look nasty and stuff, cocoon 'em in gaffer tape, nick their van, swap the gear into the new van and bring it back here.
as long as we're out of our hiding places quickly, it's the last thing you'd expect.
look, i've got a race coming up, so if you'd be kind enough...
lenny, take that round to snow white and the three little chemists.
then i want every slag this side of ceylon pulled in and tortured... badly.
i want to know who's responsible for this, otherwise i hold you responsible.
and i think, if i get this right, we haven't done anything wrong and we're in the clear.
never ever... has anyone been as fucking rude... ..to me as you!
'but chris had to respect the fact that he was holding 'what appeared to be a pair of loaded shotguns.
'tom had to respect the fact that they were not loaded.
right, let's sort the buyers from the spyers, the needy from the greedy and those who trust me from the ones who don't.
because if you can't see value here today, you're not up here shopping, you're up here shoplifting.
it's no good standing out there like one o'clock half struck.
my own you'd better buy'em, these are not stolen - they just haven't been paid for, and we can't get them again, they've changed the bloody locks
will be the cry when the man with the bargains has passed you by.
if you've got no money on you now, you'll crying tears as big as october cabbages.
you could choke a dozen donkeys on that, and you're haggling over 100 pound.
what d'you do when you're not buying stereos, nick, finance revolutions?
'nick, here, however, has made it his business' 'to have all 20 fat little fingers and toes' 'in every dirty, bent and stolen pie in london.'
'between the two of them, there ain't much you can't get hold of.'
'soap is called soap 'because he likes to keep his hands clean of any unlawful behaviour.'
'he's proud of his job and even more proud that it's legal.'
'it's not easy to take a seat at this card table.'
'the amount of money involved has to be 100 grand upwards' 'and there's no shortage of punters.'
the problem is, willie, that charles and yourself are not the quickest of cats at the best of times.
so do as i say and keep the fucking cage locked!
he's got over a monkey, and that's just in his wallet!
fuckin' hell, john, you always walk round with that in your pocket?
'it's not that he's good with cards,' 'or even good at counting them.'
'it's that he's good with reading people's reactions' 'no matter how subtle.'
yeah, invitations, you know, four pretty white pieces of paper with your names on.
we got 100,000 bits of paper with the queen's head on.
hold on to your fuckin' tongue and i'll hold on to my patience, ok, sonny?
no one in here tonight but card players and i do mean: no one.
otherwise i will take a finger of each of you and your friends' hands for every day that passes without payment.
and then when you've run out of digits - your dad's bar, and who knows what then.
'he then proceeded to explain the unfortunate position they were in.'
'harry was going to start sizing up all their fingers in a week.
'because he knew there was no way ed could settle that debt on his own.'
'harry saw it as their money on the table,' 'so it was also their debt off the table.'
'ed would hate to admit it, but he could've kissed the old bastard for that.'
'if he said he wanted to settle the debt on his own,' 'it would have been a lie.'
reached out for the nearest thing at hand - which happened to be a 15-inch black rubber cock.
he's then proceeded to batter poor smithy to death with it.
because who wants their bank manager to know they tickle arse when he is not paying in cheques!
so how long do you have to wait till you see a return?
so he's gone down the battle cruiser to watch the end of the football game.
no one's watching the custard, so he switches the channel over.
so calm as a coma, picks up the fire extinguisher, walks straight past the jam rolls who were ready for action and plonks it outside the entrance.
he then orders an aristotle of the most ping-pong tiddly in the nuclear sub and switches back to his footer.
i understand if this has come as a bit of a shock.
but let me tell you how this can be resolved by you, the good father.
remember, you do have the luxurious advantage of being able to sustain your son's life.
and you do have a reputation - so i'll choose my words very carefully.
like any cowboys - there'll be a few tools lying around.
when the job's done, we come straight back here and unload.
we wait till it sounds out the right time, then we, jack-in-the-box, look nasty and stuff, cocoon 'em in gaffer tape, nick their van, swap the gear into the new van and bring it all back here.
as long as we're all out of our hiding places quickly, it's the last thing they're gonna expect.
here, ed, are you sure it's a good idea taking this back to yours?
why, it's the only place we can take it, and the last place they're gonna look.
if he wants to get rid of it quick, he'll have to take it.
now look, i've got a race coming up in a minute, so if you'd just be kind enough to...
on the scale of things, you could say it's the mount fucking everest of problems!
and the reason it's such a mon-fucking-struosity of a problem is... you don't have the first idea who did this to us, have you?
after we pay hatchet, this deal puts us up... nearly 200,000 pounds each.
that's not bad for a morning's work, i think you'll agree.
winston there is gonna come along and see if he recognises any of them.
now watch out for these fellas - they've got a bit of an arsenal and they don't mind using it.
and there's no problem with the neighbours - because they're all dead.
and i think, if i get this right, we haven't done anything wrong and we're in the clear.
'but chris had to respect the fact that he was holding 'what appeared to be a pair of loaded shotguns.
'and tom had to respect the fact that they were not loaded.
now if you think that's unfair, you come and pay me a little visit.
but you better be waving a white flag, high and clear so as i can see it.
let's sort the buyers from the spyers, the needy from the greedy and those who trust me from the ones who don't.
if you can't see value here, you're not shopping, you're shoplifting.
'but his real talent lies in cards - 'and gambling with cards.
'bacon could see that his days 'of selling moody goods on street corners are numbered.
'the amount of money has to be 100 grand upwards 'and there's no shortage of punters.
'this is the man who decides whether you can play -
you went out six hours ago to buy a money counter.
you come back with a semi-conscious gloria and a bag of fertiliser.
'lt's not that he's good at cards, 'or even good at counting them.
'lt's that he's good at reading people's reactions 'no matter how subtle.
yeah, four pretty white pieces of paper with your names on.
we got 100,000 bits of paper with the queen's head on.
hold on to your tongue and i'll hold on to my patience.
no one in here but card players tonight - no one.
three 3s are highest, then three aces, then running down accordingly.
then it's a running flush, a run, a flush and then a pair.
i know your friends are responsible for most of the cash... so i'm gonna give you one week to find it.
otherwise i will take a finger of each of you and your friends' hands for every day that passes without payment.
'harry would start sizing up all their fingers in a week.
'he knew there was no way ed could settle that debt alone.
you send back the cheque for 25 pound from the other company name -
"arse ticklers faggots fan club" - saying we're sorry, we couldn't get supplies from america - they ran out of stock.
he might look a bit silly, but he's a fucking lunatic.
if he gets an inkling we're not throwing straight dice, you and me are gonna know what the sharp side of a kebab knife feels like.
soap, if you have a better idea how to get £500,000 in the next few days, let us know.
in the meantime, tom, talk to nick the bubble about shifting the weed.
he knows claret is imminent, but he doesn't want to miss the game.
calm as a coma, picks up the fire extinguisher, walks past the jam rolls ready for action and plonks it outside the entrance.
like any cowboys - there'll be a few tools lying around.
when the job's done, we come straight back here and unload.
look nasty and stuff, cocoon 'em in gaffer tape, nick their van, swap the gear into the new van and bring it back here.
as long as we're out of our hiding places quickly, it's the last thing you'd expect.
look, i've got a race coming up, so if you'd be kind enough...
lenny, take that round to snow white and the three little chemists.
then i want every slag this side of ceylon pulled in and tortured...badly.
i want to know who's responsible for this, otherwise i hold you responsible.
and there's no problem with the neighbours - they're all dead.
and i think, if i get this right, we haven't done anything wrong and we're in the clear.
"too late" will be the cry when the bargains pass you by.
if you've no money on you, you'll cry tears big as october cabbages.
'he's got a couple of dirty fingers 'in a couple of dirty pies.
'nick, however, has made it his business 'to have all 20 fat fingers and toes 'in every dirty, bent and stolen pie in london.'
'lt's not easy to take a seat at this card table.
'the amount of money has to be 100 grand upwards 'and there's no shortage of punters.
the problem is, willie, charles and yourself are not the quickest cats at the best of times.
so do as i say and keep the fucking cage locked!
otherwise i will take a finger of each of you and your friends' hands for every day that passes without payment.
when you've run out of digits - your dad's bar, and who knows what then.
'he knew there was no way ed could settle that debt alone.
'harry saw it as their money on the table, 'so it was their debt off the table.
reached out for the nearest thing at hand - which happened to be a 15-inch black rubber cock.
he then proceeded to batter poor smithy to death with it.
calm as a coma, picks up the fire extinguisher, walks past the jam rolls ready for action and plonks it outside the entrance.
he orders an aristotle of the most ping-pong tiddly in the nuclear sub and switches back to his footer.
remember, you have the luxurious advantage of being able to sustain your son's life.
you do have a reputation - so i'll choose my words very carefully.
as long as we're out of our hiding places quickly, it's the last thing you'd expect.
if tom or anyone else feels like giving 'em a kicking,
ed, are you sure it's a good idea taking this back to yours?
it's the only place we can, and the last place they'll look.
if he wants to get rid of it quick, he'll have to take it.
look, i've got a race coming up, so if you'd be kind enough...
winston there is gonna come along and see if he recognises any of them.
watch out for these fellas - they've got a bit of an arsenal and they don't mind using it.
and i think, if i get this right, we haven't done anything wrong and we're in the clear.
never ever... has anyone been as fucking rude... ..to me as you!
'but chris had to respect the fact that he was holding 'what appeared to be a pair of loaded shotguns.
'tom had to respect the fact that they were not loaded.
if you don't look at them, you're a blind man, you only put in half the stake.
three of any kind is the highest, but the odds are 450-1 against getting any three.
then there's a running flush, all the same suit, all in order, then a straight and a flush and a pair, and finally, whatever the highest card you've got.
now, there are some telltale signs that can help, but they took me long enough to learn so i'm not telling you.
let's sort the buyers from the spiers and those who trust me from the ones who don't.
if you can't see value here, you're not shopping, you're shoplifting.
'but his real talent lies in cards - 'and gambling with cards.
'bacon could see that his days 'of selling moody goods on street corners are numbered.
'the amount of money has to be 100 grand upwards 'and there's no shortage of punters.
'this is the man who decides whether you can play -
the problem is, willie, charles and yourself are not the quickest cats at the best of times.
so do as i say and keep the fucking cage locked!
yeah, four pretty white pieces of paper with your names on.
we got 100,000 bits of paper with the queen's head on.
hold on to your tongue and i'll hold on to my patience.
no one in here tonight but card players - no one.
i know your friends are responsible for most of the cash... so i'm gonna give you one week to find it.
0therwise i will take a finger off each of you and your friends' hands for every day that passes without payment.
'harry would start sizing up all their fingers in a week.
'he knew there was no way ed could settle that debt alone.
you send back the cheque for 25 pound from the other company name -
"arse ticklers faggots fan club" - saying we're sorry, we couldn't get supplies from america - they ran out of stock.
if he gets an inkling we're not throwing straight dice, we're gonna know what the sharp side of a kebab knife feels like.
yeah, but we're in this for the cash however it comes.
straight as an arrow and strong as the bow that fired it.
if you dropped a tenner, he'd search till he found you.
he knows claret is imminent, but he doesn't want to miss the game.
calm as a coma, picks up the fire extinguisher, walks past the jam rolls ready for action and plonks it outside the entrance.
now, jd is a better player but harry is a shit and a cheat.
this game went on for two days, until your dad lost everything.
harry starts laughin', cheering', doin' a little jig and he turns jd's cards over.
jd by this time is cryin' proper tears, this is next to pathetic.
as long as we're out of our hiding places quickly, it's the last thing you'd expect.
if tom or anyone else feels like giving 'em a kicking,
look, i've got a race coming up, so if you'd be kind enough...
lenny, take that round to snow white and the three little chemists.
then i want every slag this side of ceylon pulled in and tortured...badly.
i want to know who's responsible for this, otherwise i hold you responsible.
and there's no problem with the neighbours - they're all dead.
and i think, if i get this right, we haven't done anything wrong and we're in the clear.
she says "a oner", he says "all right," takes her off.
says "all right, clothes off, get on the bed," she lays down, dwarf opens the suitcase and pulls out four springs, puts one on each hand and foot, bounces over and gets on top of her, boing,
bouncin' up and down, boing boing, gives her the best shag she's ever had, he's on her for two hours, and it's the best fuck she's ever had.
she's like, "that was amazing, the best fuck i've ever had.
right, let's sort the buyers from the spyers, the needy from the greedy and those who trust me from the ones who don't.
because if you can't see value here today, you're not up here shopping, you're up here shoplifting.
'but his real talent lies in cards - 'and gambling with cards.
'bacon could see that his days 'of selling moody goods on street corners are numbered.'
seems... well, this seems to be a waste of my time.
that is 900 nicker in any shop you're lucky enough to find one in and you're complaining about 200?
'he's got a couple of dirty little fingers' 'in a couple of dirty little pies.'
'nick, here, however, has made it his business' 'to have all 20 fat little fingers and toes' 'in every dirty, bent and stolen pie in london.'
'the amount of money involved has to be 100 grand upwards' 'and there's no shortage of punters.'
'the man who decides whether you can play or not is this man -'
you went out six hours ago to buy a money counter.
and you come back with a semi-conscious gloria and a bag of fertiliser?
that means three 3s are the highest, then three aces, then running down accordingly.
then it's a running flush, a run, a flush and then a pair.
i know your friends are responsible for most of the cash... so i'm gonna give you one week to find it.
otherwise i will take a finger of each of you and your friends' hands for every day that passes without payment.
'harry was going to start sizing up all their fingers in a week.
'because he knew there was no way ed could settle that debt on his own.'
'harry saw it as their money on the table,' 'so it was also their debt off the table.'
'ed would hate to admit it, but he could've... kissed the old bastard for that.'
'if he said he wanted to settle the debt on his own,' 'it would have been a lie.'
i wish to christ he would've let me settle the debt on my own.
he might look a bit silly, but he's a fucking lunatic.
if he gets the slightest inkling we're not throwing straight dice, you and me are gonna know what the sharp side of a kebab knife feels like.
so he's gone down the battle cruiser to watch the end of the football game.
no one's watching the custard, so he switches the channel over.
so calm as a coma, picks up the fire extinguisher, walks straight past the jam rolls who were ready for action and plonks it outside the entrance.
he then orders an aristotle of the most ping-pong tiddly in the nuclear sub and switches back to his footer.
i understand if this has come as a bit of a shock.
but let me tell you how this can be resolved by you, the good father.
remember, you do have the luxurious advantage of being able to sustain your son's life.
and you do have a reputation - so i'll choose my words very carefully.
like any cowboys - there'll be a few tools lying around.
when the job's done, we come straight back here and unload.
we wait till it sounds out the right time, then we, jack-in-the-box, look nasty and stuff, cocoon 'em in gaffer tape, nick their van, swap the gear into the new van and bring it all back here.
as long as we're all out of our hiding places quickly, it's the last thing they're gonna expect.
here, ed, are you sure it's a good idea taking this back to yours?
why, it's the only place we can take it, and the last place they're gonna look.
if he wants to get rid of it quick, he'll have to take it.
now look, i've got a race coming up in a minute, so if you'd just be kind enough to...
and i think, if i get this right, we haven't done anything wrong and we're in the clear.
never ever... has anyone been as fucking rude... .. to me as you, you...
'now this was an embarrassing position for tom to be in.
'but chris had to respect the fact that he was holding 'what appeared to be a pair of loaded shotguns.
now if you think that's unfair, you come and pay me a little visit.
but you better be waving a white flag, high and clear so as i can see it.
three of any kind is the highest, but the odds are 450-1 against getting any three.
then there's a running flush, all the same suit, all in order, then a straight and a flush and a pair, and finally, whatever the highest card you've got.
"too late" will be the cry when the bargains pass you by.
if you've no money on you, you'll cry tears big as october cabbages.
'he's got a couple of dirty fingers 'in a couple of dirty pies.
'nick, however, has made it his business 'to have all 20 fat fingers and toes 'in every dirty, bent and stolen pie in london.'
'it's not easy to take a seat at this card table.
'the amount of money has to be 100 grand upwards 'and there's no shortage of punters.
the problem is, willie, charles and yourself are not the quickest cats at the best of times.
so do as i say and keep the fucking cage locked!
'it's not that he's good at cards, 'or even good at counting them.
'it's that he's good at reading people's reactions 'no matter how subtle.
three 3s are highest, then three aces, then running down accordingly.
then it's a running flush, a run, a flush and then a pair.
i know your friends are responsible for most of the cash... so i'm gonna give you one week to find it.
otherwise i will take a finger off each of you and your friends' hands for every day that passes without payment.
'harry would start sizing up all their fingers in a week.
'he knew there was no way ed could settle that debt alone.
you send back the cheque for 25 pound from the other company name -
"arse ticklers faggots fan club" - saying we're sorry, we couldn't get supplies from america - they ran out of stock.
if he gets an inkling we're not throwing straight dice, we're gonna know what the sharp side of a kebab knife feels like.
yeah, but we're in this for the cash however it comes.
i've heard some stupid fuckin' ideas but yours makes bacon's sound inspired.
[plank] they ponce around in hippy clothes all day talking bollocks - they're just good at growing weed.
put big chris on a job and he will get it done no matter what.
his dad used to collect debts, and his dad before that.
all right, but we are in the soup here and this is a silver spoon.
and it's not as if we've got all the time in the world.
he knows claret is imminent, but he doesn't want to miss the game.
calm as a coma, picks up the fire extinguisher, walks past the jam rolls ready for action and plonks it outside the entrance.
now, jd is a better player but harry is a shit and a cheat.
this game went on for two days, until your dad lost everything.
harry starts laughin', cheering', doin' a little jig and he turns jd's cards over.
jd by this time is cryin' proper tears, this is next to pathetic.
look nasty and stuff, cocoon 'em in gaffer tape, nick their van, swap the gear into the new van and bring it back.
as long as we're out of our hiding places quickly, it's the last thing you'd expect.
ed, are you sure it's a good idea taking this back to yours?
it's the only place we can, and the last place they'll look.
if he wants to get rid of it quick, he'll have to take it.
look, i've got a race coming up, so if you'd be kind enough...
and there's no problem with the neighbours - they're all dead.
and i think, if i get this right, we haven't done anything wrong and we're in the clear.
she says "a oner", he says "all right," takes her off.
says "all right, clothes off, get on the bed," she lays down, dwarf opens the suitcase and pulls out four springs, puts one on each hand and foot, bounces over and gets on top of her, boing,
bouncin' up and down, boing boing, gives her the best shag she's ever had, he's on her for two hours, and it's the best fuck she's ever had.
she's like, "that was amazing, the best fuck i've ever had.
three of any kind is the highest, but the odds are 450-1 against getting any three.
then there's a running flush, all the same suit, all in order, then a straight and a flush and a pair, and finally, whatever the highest card you've got.
"too late" will be the cry when the bargains pass you by.
if you've no money on you, you'll cry tears big as 0ctober cabbages.
'he's got a couple of dirty fingers 'in a couple of dirty pies.
'nick, however, has made it his business 'to have all 20 fat fingers and toes 'in every dirty, bent and stolen pie in london.'
'it's not easy to take a seat at this card table.
'the amount of money has to be 100 grand upwards 'and there's no shortage of punters.
the problem is, willie, charles and yourself are not the quickest cats at the best of times.
so do as i say and keep the fucking cage locked!
yeah, four pretty white pieces of paper with your names on.
we got 100,000 bits of paper with the queen's head on.
hold on to your tongue and i'll hold on to my patience.
no one in here tonight but card players - no one.
i know your friends are responsible for most of the cash... so i'm gonna give you one week to find it.
0therwise i will take a finger off each of you and your friends' hands for every day that passes without payment.
'harry would start sizing up all their fingers in a week.
'he knew there was no way ed could settle that debt alone.
you send back the cheque for 25 pound from the other company name -
"arse ticklers faggots fan club" - saying we're sorry, we couldn't get supplies from america - they ran out of stock.
if he gets an inkling we're not throwing straight dice, we're gonna know what the sharp side of a kebab knife feels like.
yeah, but we're in this for the cash however it comes.
i've heard some stupid fuckin' ideas but yours makes bacon's sound inspired.
[plank] they ponce around in hippy clothes all day talking bollocks - they're just good at growing weed.
put big chris on a job and he will get it done no matter what.
his dad used to collect debts, and his dad before that.
all right, but we are in the soup here and this is a silver spoon.
and it's not as if we've got all the time in the world.
soap, if you have a better idea how to get £500,000 in the next few days, let us know.
in the meantime, tom, talk to nick the bubble about shifting the weed.
calm as a coma, picks up the fire extinguisher, walks past the jam rolls ready for action and plonks it outside the entrance.
he orders an aristotle of the most ping-pong tiddly in the nuclear sub and switches back to his footer.
remember, you have the luxurious advantage of being able to sustain your son's life.
you do have a reputation - so i'll choose my words very carefully.
like any cowboys - there'll be a few tools lying around.
when the job's done, we come straight back here and unload.
a good few years ago, your dad and harry played brag together.
now, jd is a better player but harry is a shit and a cheat.
he wanted to put your dad deep in debt, so he plays on and on until the stakes are a joke.
harry's got some scam goin' on, wants to put jd in trouble for years.
jd by this time is cryin' proper tears, this is next to pathetic.
we see the cards, he's got three threes, the best possible cards!
we wait till it's the right time, then jack-in-the-box, look nasty and stuff, cocoon 'em in gaffer tape, nick their van, swap the gear into the new van and bring it back.
as long as we're out of our hiding places quickly, it's the last thing you'd expect.
look, i've got a race coming up, so if you'd be kind enough...
lenny, take that round to snow white and the three little chemists.
then i want every slag this side of ceylon pulled in and tortured... badly.
i want to know who's responsible for this, otherwise i hold you responsible.
football, music, money, and the annihilation of anyone who interferes with those.
you couldn't have known my position, 'cause you're not that stupid that if you did, you wouldn't have turned up here scratching your arse, with that "what's going on" look on your chevy chase.
winston there is gonna come along and see if he recognises any of them.
watch out for these fellas - they've got a bit of an arsenal and they don't mind using it.
and there's no problem with the neighbours - they're all dead.
and i think, if i get this right, we haven't done anything wrong and we're in the clear.
she says "a oner", he says "all right," takes her off.
says "all right, clothes off, get on the bed," she lays down, dwarf opens the suitcase and pulls out four springs, puts one on each hand and foot, bounces over and gets on top of her, boing,
bouncin' up and down, boing boing, gives her the best shag she's ever had, he's on her for two hours, and it's the best fuck she's ever had.
she's like, "that was amazing, the best fuck i've ever had.
if you don't look at them, you're a blind man, you only put in half the stake.
three of any kind is the highest, but the odds are 450-1 against getting any three.
then there's a running flush, all the same suit, all in order, then a straight and a flush and a pair, and finally, whatever the highest card you've got.
now, there are some telltale signs that can help, but they took me long enough to learn so i'm not telling you.
let's sort the buyers from the spiers and those who trust me from the ones who don't.
if you can't see value here, you're not shopping, you're shoplifting.
'but his real talent lies in cards - 'and gambling with cards.
'bacon could see that his days 'of selling moody goods on street corners are numbered.
'the amount of money has to be 100 grand upwards 'and there's no shortage of punters.
'this is the man who decides whether you can play -
you went out six hours ago to buy a money counter.
you come back with a semi-conscious gloria and a bag of fertiliser.
yeah, four pretty white pieces of paper with your names on.
we got 100,000 bits of paper with the queen's head on.
hold on to your tongue and i'll hold on to my patience.
no one in here tonight but card players - no one.
otherwise i will take a finger off each of you and your friends' hands for every day that passes without payment.
when you've run out of digits - your dad's bar, and who knows what then.
'he knew there was no way ed could settle that debt alone.
'harry saw it as their money on the table, 'so it was their debt off the table.
reached out for the nearest thing at hand - which happened to be a 15-inch black rubber cock.
he then proceeded to batter poor smithy to death with it.
he might look a bit silly, but he's a fucking lunatic.
if he gets an inkling we're not throwing straight dice, we're gonna know what the sharp side of a kebab knife feels like.
straight as an arrow and strong as the bow that fired it.
if you dropped a tenner, he'd search till he found you.
soap, if you have a better idea how to get £500,000 in the next few days, let us know.
in the meantime, tom, talk to nick the bubble about shifting the weed.
calm as a coma, picks up the fire extinguisher, walks past the jam rolls ready for action and plonks it outside the entrance.
he orders an aristotle of the most ping-pong tiddly in the nuclear sub and switches back to his footer.
remember, you have the luxurious advantage of being able to sustain your son's life.
you do have a reputation - so i'll choose my words very carefully.
like any cowboys - there'll be a few tools lying around.
when the job's done, we come straight back here and unload.
a good few years ago, your dad and harry played brag together.
now, jd is a better player but harry is a shit and a cheat.
he wanted to put your dad deep in debt, so he plays on and on until the stakes are a joke.
harry's got some scam goin' on, wants to put jd in trouble for years.
jd by this time is cryin' proper tears, this is next to pathetic.
we see the cards, he's got three threes, the best possible cards!
as long as we're out of our hiding places quickly, it's the last thing you'd expect.
if tom or anyone else feels like giving 'em a kicking,
look, i've got a race coming up, so if you'd be kind enough...
lenny, take that round to snow white and the three little chemists.
then i want every slag this side of ceylon pulled in and tortured...badly.
i want to know who's responsible for this, otherwise i hold you responsible.
football, music, money, and the annihilation of anyone who interferes with those.
you couldn't have known my position, 'cause you're not that stupid that if you did, you wouldn't have turned up here scratching your arse, with that "what's going on" look on your chevy chase.
winston there is gonna come along and see if he recognises any of them.
watch out for these fellas - they've got a bit of an arsenal and they don't mind using it.
and i think, if i get this right, we haven't done anything wrong and we're in the clear.
never ever... has anyone been as fucking rude... ..to me as you!
there's this brass standing on the corner, a dwarf walks up carrying a suitcase says "how much? "
she says "a oner", he says "all right," takes her off.
says "all right, clothes off, get on the bed," she lays down, dwarf opens the suitcase and pulls out four springs, puts one on each hand and foot, bounces over and gets on top of her, boing,
bouncin' up and down, boing boing, gives her the best shag she's ever had, he's on her for two hours, and it's the best fuck she's ever had.
let's sort the buyers from the spyers, the needy from the greedy and those who trust me from the ones who don't.
if you can't see value here, you're not shopping, you're shoplifting.
'but his real talent lies in cards - 'and gambling with cards.
'bacon could see that his days 'of selling moody goods on street corners are numbered.
'the amount of money has to be 100 grand upwards 'and there's no shortage of punters.
'this is the man who decides whether you can play -
you went out six hours ago to buy a money counter.
you come back with a semi-conscious gloria and a bag of fertiliser.
'lt's not that he's good at cards, 'or even good at counting them.
'lt's that he's good at reading people's reactions 'no matter how subtle.
yeah, four pretty white pieces of paper with your names on.
we got 100,000 bits of paper with the queen's head on.
hold on to your tongue and i'll hold on to my patience.
no one in here but card players tonight - no one.
three 3s are highest, then three aces, then running down accordingly.
then it's a running flush, a run, a flush and then a pair.
otherwise i will take a finger of each of you and your friends' hands for every day that passes without payment.
when you've run out of digits - your dad's bar, and who knows what then.
'he knew there was no way ed could settle that debt alone.
'harry saw it as their money on the table, 'so it was their debt off the table.
reached out for the nearest thing at hand - which happened to be a 15-inch black rubber cock.
he then proceeded to batter poor smithy to death with it.
calm as a coma, picks up the fire extinguisher, walks past the jam rolls ready for action and plonks it outside the entrance.
he orders an aristotle of the most ping-pong tiddly in the nuclear sub and switches back to his footer.
remember, you have the luxurious advantage of being able to sustain your son's life.
you do have a reputation - so i'll choose my words very carefully.
as long as we're out of our hiding places quickly, it's the last thing you'd expect.
if tom or anyone else feels like giving 'em a kicking,
ed, are you sure it's a good idea taking this back to yours?
it's the only place we can, and the last place they'll look.
if he wants to get rid of it quick, he'll have to take it.
look, i've got a race coming up, so if you'd be kind enough...
winston there is gonna come along and see if he recognises any of them.
watch out for these fellas - they've got a bit of an arsenal and they don't mind using it.
and i think, if i get this right, we haven't done anything wrong and we're in the clear.
never ever... has anyone been as fucking rude... ..to me as you!
'but chris had to respect the fact that he was holding 'what appeared to be a pair of loaded shotguns.
'tom had to respect the fact that they were not loaded.
# and i'll be good to you oh, yes, i will...
right, let's sort the buyers from the spyers, the needy from the greedy and those who trust me from the ones who don't.
'but his real talent lies in cards - 'and gambling with cards.
'bacon could see that his days 'of selling moody goods on street corners are numbered.'
seems... well, this seems to be a waste of my time.
that is 900 nicker in any shop you're lucky enough to find one in and you're complaining about 200?
'he's got a couple of dirty little fingers' 'in a couple of dirty little pies.'
'nick, here, however, has made it his business' 'to have all 20 fat little fingers and toes' 'in every dirty, bent and stolen pie in london.'
'the amount of money involved has to be 100 grand upwards' 'and there's no shortage of punters.'
'the man who decides whether you can play or not is this man -'
you went out six hours ago to buy a money counter.
and you come back with a semi-conscious gloria and a bag of fertiliser?
that means three 3s are the highest, then three aces, then running down accordingly.
then it's a running flush, a run, a flush and then a pair.
i know your friends are responsible for most of the cash... so i'm gonna give you one week to find it.
otherwise i will take a finger of each of you and your friends' hands for every day that passes without payment.
'harry was going to start sizing up all their fingers in a week.
'because he knew there was no way ed could settle that debt on his own.'
'harry saw it as their money on the table,' 'so it was also their debt off the table.'
'ed would hate to admit it, but he could've kissed the old bastard for that.'
'if he said he wanted to settle the debt on his own,' 'it would have been a lie.'
i wish to christ he would've let me settle the debt on my own.
he might look a bit silly, but he's a fucking lunatic.
if he gets the slightest inkling we're not throwing straight dice, you and me are gonna know what the sharp side of a kebab knife feels like.
soap, if you have a better idea how to get £500,000 in the next few days, let us know.
in the meantime, tom, you talk to nick the bubble about shifting the weed.
rory knows claret is imminent, but he doesn't want to miss the end of the game.
so calm as a coma, picks up the fire extinguisher, walks straight past the jam rolls who were ready for action and plonks it outside the entrance.
all right, once he's got himself set, he gets the rest of us in.
now we'll get nasty with a couple of'em, shit 'em up, ok, or whatever.
as long as we're all out of our hiding places quickly, it's the last thing they're gonna expect.
oh, and if tom or anyone else for that matter feels like giving 'em a bit of a kicking,
now look, i've got a race coming up in a minute, so if you'd just be kind enough to...
lenny, take that round to snow white and the three little chemists.
in fact, this is a little bit more than looking a bit of a problem, isn't it?
on the scale of things, you could say it's the mount fucking everest of problems!
fucking guns, we've got to get the fucking guns or we're dead!
..so i made sure i fucked the one that was coughing.
and i think, if i get this right, we haven't done anything wrong and we're in the clear.
never ever... has anyone been as fucking rude... ..to me as you, you...
'now this was an embarrassing position for tom to be in.
'but chris had to respect the fact that he was holding 'what appeared to be a pair of loaded shotguns.
and they're hardly likely to trace 'em back to us, are they?
do you really think it's worth taking the the risk for £700?
# and i'll be good to you oh, yes, i will...
let's sort the buyers from the spyers, the needy from the greedy and those who trust me from the ones who don't.
"too late" will be the cry when the bargains pass you by.
if you've no money on you, you'll cry tears big as october cabbages.
'he's got a couple of dirty fingers 'in a couple of dirty pies.
'nick, however, has made it his business 'to have all 20 fat fingers and toes 'in every dirty, bent and stolen pie in london.'
'lt's not easy to take a seat at this card table.
'the amount of money has to be 100 grand upwards 'and there's no shortage of punters.
the problem is, willie, charles and yourself are not the quickest cats at the best of times.
so do as i say and keep the fucking cage locked!
i know your friends are responsible for most of the cash... so i'm gonna give you one week to find it.
otherwise i will take a finger of each of you and your friends' hands for every day that passes without payment.
'harry would start sizing up all their fingers in a week.
'he knew there was no way ed could settle that debt alone.
you send back the cheque for 25 pound from the other company name -
"arse ticklers faggots fan club" - saying we're sorry, we couldn't get supplies from america - they ran out of stock.
he might look a bit silly, but he's a fucking lunatic.
if he gets an inkling we're not throwing straight dice, you and me are gonna know what the sharp side of a kebab knife feels like.
soap, if you have a better idea how to get £500,000 in the next few days, let us know.
in the meantime, tom, talk to nick the bubble about shifting the weed.
he knows claret is imminent, but he doesn't want to miss the game.
calm as a coma, picks up the fire extinguisher, walks past the jam rolls ready for action and plonks it outside the entrance.
like any cowboys - there'll be a few tools lying around.
when the job's done, we come straight back here and unload.
look nasty and stuff, cocoon 'em in gaffer tape, nick their van, swap the gear into the new van and bring it back here.
as long as we're out of our hiding places quickly, it's the last thing you'd expect.
look, i've got a race coming up, so if you'd be kind enough...
lenny, take that round to snow white and the three little chemists.
then i want every slag this side of ceylon pulled in and tortured...badly.
i want to know who's responsible for this, otherwise i hold you responsible.
and there's no problem with the neighbours - they're all dead.
and i think, if i get this right, we haven't done anything wrong and we're in the clear.
three of any kind is the highest, but the odds are 450-1 against getting any three.
then there's a running flush, all the same suit, all in order, then a straight and a flush and a pair, and finally, whatever the highest card you've got.
"too late" will be the cry when the bargains pass you by.
if you've no money on you, you'll cry tears big as october cabbages.
'but his real talent lies in cards - 'and gambling with cards.
'bacon could see that his days 'of selling moody goods on street corners are numbered.
'the amount of money has to be 100 grand upwards 'and there's no shortage of punters.
'this is the man who decides whether you can play -
the problem is, willie, charles and yourself are not the quickest cats at the best of times.
so do as i say and keep the fucking cage locked!
'it's not that he's good at cards, 'or even good at counting them.
'it's that he's good at reading people's reactions 'no matter how subtle.
yeah, four pretty white pieces of paper with your names on.
we got 100,000 bits of paper with the queen's head on.
hold on to your tongue and i'll hold on to my patience.
no one in here tonight but card players - no one.
three 3s are highest, then three aces, then running down accordingly.
then it's a running flush, a run, a flush and then a pair.
otherwise i will take a finger off each of you and your friends' hands for every day that passes without payment.
when you've run out of digits - your dad's bar, and who knows what then.
'he knew there was no way ed could settle that debt alone.
'harry saw it as their money on the table, 'so it was their debt off the table.
reached out for the nearest thing at hand - which happened to be a 15-inch black rubber cock.
he then proceeded to batter poor smithy to death with it.
he might look a bit silly, but he's a fucking lunatic.
if he gets an inkling we're not throwing straight dice, we're gonna know what the sharp side of a kebab knife feels like.
straight as an arrow and strong as the bow that fired it.
if you dropped a tenner, he'd search till he found you.
soap, if you have a better idea how to get £500,000 in the next few days, let us know.
in the meantime, tom, talk to nick the bubble about shifting the weed.
calm as a coma, picks up the fire extinguisher, walks past the jam rolls ready for action and plonks it outside the entrance.
he orders an aristotle of the most ping-pong tiddly in the nuclear sub and switches back to his footer.
like any cowboys - there'll be a few tools lying around.
when the job's done, we come straight back here and unload.
a good few years ago, your dad and harry played brag together.
now, jd is a better player but harry is a shit and a cheat.
he wanted to put your dad deep in debt, so he plays on and on until the stakes are a joke.
harry's got some scam goin' on, wants to put jd in trouble for years.
jd by this time is cryin' proper tears, this is next to pathetic.
we see the cards, he's got three threes, the best possible cards!
as long as we're out of our hiding places quickly, it's the last thing you'd expect.
if tom or anyone else feels like giving 'em a kicking,
the skinny one is tom, and he's the entrepreneur of the bunch.
he's got a couple of dirty little fingers in a couple of dirty little pies.
nick, here, however, has made it his business to have all 20 fat little fingers and toes in every dirty bent and stolen pie in london.
between the two of them, there ain't much you can't get ahold of.
soap is called soap because he likes to keep his hands clean of any unlawful behavior.
he's proud of his job and even more proud that it's legal.
it's not easy to take a seat at this card table.
the amount of money involved has to be 100 grand upwards, and there's no shortage of punters.
the man who decides whether you can play or not is this man, harry.
or as some, including himself, like to call him, hatchet harry.
ed has been playing cards since he could lift them up, and he soon discovered that he had a big advantage.
it's not that he's good with cards or even good at counting them.
that means three three's are the highest, then three aces, then running down accordingly.
then it's a running flush, a run, a flush and then a pair.
i am trying to find out where they keep their money!
you twat, can't you see these people have got no money?
otherwise, i will take a finger off each of you and your friends' hands for every day that passes without payment.
and then when you run out of digits, your dad's bar, and who knows what then.
he then proceeded to explain the unfortunate position they were in.
harry was going to start sizing up all their fingers in a week, because he knew there was no way ed could settle that debt on his own.
harry saw it as their money on the table, so it was also their debt off the table.
ed would hate admit it, but he could have kissed the old bastard for that.
if he said he wanted to settle the debt on his own, it would have been a lie.
now, i wish to christ he would have let me settle the debt on my own.
harry's lost his rag, reached out for the nearest thing at hand, which happened to be a 15-inch black rubber cock.
he then proceeded to batter poor smithy to death with it.
but they send their checks to the other company name, nothing offensive, bobbie's bits, or something, for 25 quid.
you take that 25 quid, you stick it in the bank until it clears.
he's gone down the battle cruiser to watch the end of a football game.
no one's watching the custard, so he switches the channel over.
so calm as a coma, picks up a fire extinguisher, walks straight past the jam rolls who are ready for action and plonks it outside the entrance.
he then orders an aristotle of the most ping-pong tiddly in the nuclear sub and switches back to his footer.
i don't want to blow the arse out of this country, granted.
but i don't want anyone blowing a raspberry at me, either.
remember, you do have the luxurious advantage of being able to sustain your son's life.
and you do have a reputation, so i'll choose my words very carefully.
but like any cowboys, there'll be a few tools lying around.
when the job's done, we come straight back here and unload.
as long as we're all out of our hiding places quickly, it's the last thing they're gonna expect.
oh, and if tom or anyone else for that matter feels like giving them a bit of a kicking,
are you sure it's a good idea taking this back to yours?
well, it's the only place we can take it, and it's the last place they're gonna look.
you said 3.5 a key, and you know that's a good price.
it was yesterday i said three and a half, and now it's today if i'm not mistaken.
on a scale of things, you could say it's the mount fucking everest of problems.
and the reason it's such a mon-fucking-strosity of a problem is, you don't even got a first idea who did this to us, have you?
well, he can afford to do the deal at the price we're selling.
it's not worth him giving us any trouble, because he knows we'll be a pain in the arse, and who needs a pain in the arse?
after we pay hatchet, this deal puts us up nearly £200,000 each.
that's not bad for a morning's work, i think you'll agree.
and i think, if i get this right... we haven't done anything wrong, and we're in the clear.
never ever has anyone ever... been as fucking rude to me... as you did!
but chris had to respect the fact that he was holding what appeared to be a pair of loaded shotguns.
and tom had to respect the fact that they were not loaded.
so the traffic warden identified the neighbors' bodies, which sort of puts us in the clear.
the only thing connecting us with the case is those shotguns.
it seemed hatchet underestimated you lot... and it seems to have cost him.
well, i ain't gonna make the same mistake now, am i?
now if you think that's unfair, you come and pay me a little visit.
but you better be waving a white flag high and clear, so as i can see it.
right, let's sort the buyers from the spyers, the needy from the greedy, and those who trust me from the ones who don't.
because if you can't see value here today, you're not up here shopping, you're up here shoplifting.
ed can hustle a few quid here and there, but his real talent lies in cards and gambling with cards.
bacon could see that his days of selling moody goods on street corners are numbered.
the skinny one is tom, and he's the entrepreneur of the bunch.
he's got a couple of dirty little fingers in a couple of dirty little pies.
nick, here, however, has made it his business to have all 20 fat little fingers and toes in every dirty bent and stolen pie in london.
between the two of them, there ain't much you can't get ahold of.
the amount of money involved has to be 100 grand upwards, and there's no shortage of punters.
the man who decides whether you can play or not is this man, harry.
so what's the point in having it if we're not gonna fucking use it?
well, i would have used it, winston, but this is willie.
the problem is, willie, that charles and yourself are not the quickest of cats at the best of times.
so just do as i say and keep the fucking cage locked !
ed has been playing cards since he could lift them up, and he soon discovered that he had a big advantage.
it's not that he's good with cards or even good at counting them.
you know, four pretty white pieces of paper with your names on them?
well, we've got 100,000 bits of paper with the queen's head on them.
hold on to your fucking tongue, and i will hold onto my patience, okay, sonny?
no one in here tonight but card players, and i do mean no one.
that means three three's are the highest, then three aces, then running down accordingly.
then it's a running flush, a run, a flush and then a pair.
otherwise, i will take a finger off each of you and your friends' hands for every day that passes without payment.
and then when you run out of digits, your dad's bar, and who knows what then.
harry was going to start sizing up all their fingers in a week, because he knew there was no way ed could settle that debt on his own.
harry saw it as their money on the table, so it was also their debt off the table.
ed would hate admit it, but he could have kissed the old bastard for that.
if he said he wanted to settle the debt on his own, it would have been a lie.
harry's lost his rag, reached out for the nearest thing at hand, which happened to be a 15-inch black rubber cock.
he then proceeded to batter poor smithy to death with it.
that's a snip for the amount of pleasure they're gonna give the recipients.
but they send their checks to the other company name, nothing offensive, bobbie's bits, or something, for 25 quid.
because who wants their bank manager to know they tickle arse when they're not paying in checks?
so how long do you have to wait till you see the return?
soap, if you have a better idea how to get £500,000 in the next few days, let us know.
in the meantime, tom, you talk to nick the bubble about shifting the weed.
rory knows claret is imminent, but doesn't wanna miss the end of the game.
so calm as a coma, picks up a fire extinguisher, walks straight past the jam rolls who are ready for action and plonks it outside the entrance.
i don't want to blow the arse out of this country, granted.
but i don't want anyone blowing a raspberry at me, either.
all right, once he's got himself set, he gets the rest of us in.
(feedback screeching) now we get nasty with a couple of them.
but like any cowboys, there'll be a few tools lying around.
when the job's done, we come straight back here and unload.
so we find a good place to hide next door, we wait till it sounds like the right time, then we jack-in-the-box, look nasty and stuff, cocoon them in gaffer tape, nick their van, swap the gear into the new van and bring it all back here.
as long as we're all out of our hiding places quickly, it's the last thing they're gonna expect.
well, perhaps i can't, plank, if you know what i mean.
look. lf you could just open the door, so i could talk without shouting.
are you sure it's a good idea taking this back to yours?
well, it's the only place we can take it, and it's the last place they're gonna look.
you said 3.5 a key, and you know that's a good price.
it was yesterday i said three and a half, and now it's today if i'm not mistaken.
on a scale of things, you could say it's the mount fucking everest of problems.
and the reason it's such a mon-fucking-strosity of a problem is, you don't even got a first idea who did this to us, have you?
and there's no problem with the neighbors, because they're all dead.
and i think, if i get this right, we haven't done anything wrong, and we're in the clear.
now this was an embarrassing position for tom to be in.
but chris had to respect the fact that he was holding what appeared to be a pair of loaded shotguns.
so the traffic warden identified the neighbors' bodies, which sort of puts us in the clear.
the only thing connecting us with the case is those shotguns.
and they're hardly likely to trace them back to us, are they?
do you really think it's worth taking the risk for £700?
it seemed hatchet underestimated you lot, and it seems to have cost him.
well, i ain't gonna make the same mistake now, am i?
now if you think that's unfair, you come and pay me a little visit.
but you better be waving a white flag high and clear, so as i can see it.
if you don't look at them, you're a blind man, you only put in half the stake.
three of any kind is the highest, but the odds are 450-1 against getting any three.
then there's a running flush, all the same suit, all in order, then a straight and a flush and a pair, and finally, whatever the highest card you've got.
now, there are some telltale signs that can help, but they took me long enough to learn so i'm not telling you.
let's sort the buyers from the spiers and those who trust me from the ones who don't.
if you can't see value here, you're not shopping, you're shoplifting.
'but his real talent lies in cards - 'and gambling with cards.
'bacon could see that his days 'of selling moody goods on street corners are numbered.
'the amount of money has to be 100 grand upwards 'and there's no shortage of punters.
'this is the man who decides whether you can play -
you went out six hours ago to buy a money counter.
you come back with a semi-conscious gloria and a bag of fertiliser.
'it's not that he's good at cards, 'or even good at counting them.
'it's that he's good at reading people's reactions 'no matter how subtle.
yeah, four pretty white pieces of paper with your names on.
we got 100,000 bits of paper with the queen's head on.
hold on to your tongue and i'll hold on to my patience.
no one in here tonight but card players - no one.
three 3s are highest, then three aces, then running down accordingly.
then it's a running flush, a run, a flush and then a pair.
0therwise i will take a finger off each of you and your friends' hands for every day that passes without payment.
when you've run out of digits - your dad's bar, and who knows what then.
'he knew there was no way ed could settle that debt alone.
'harry saw it as their money on the table, 'so it was their debt off the table.
reached out for the nearest thing at hand - which happened to be a 15-inch black rubber cock.
he then proceeded to batter poor smithy to death with it.
you send back the cheque for 25 pound from the other company name -
"arse ticklers faggots fan club" - saying we're sorry, we couldn't get supplies from america - they ran out of stock.
if he gets an inkling we're not throwing straight dice, we're gonna know what the sharp side of a kebab knife feels like.
yeah, but we're in this for the cash however it comes.
straight as an arrow and strong as the bow that fired it.
if you dropped a tenner, he'd search till he found you.
he knows claret is imminent, but he doesn't want to miss the game.
calm as a coma, picks up the fire extinguisher, walks past the jam rolls ready for action and plonks it outside the entrance.
remember, you have the luxurious advantage of being able to sustain your son's life.
you do have a reputation - so i'll choose my words very carefully.
now, jd is a better player but harry is a shit and a cheat.
this game went on for two days, until your dad lost everything.
harry starts laughin', cheering', doin' a little jig and he turns jd's cards over.
jd by this time is cryin' proper tears, this is next to pathetic.
we wait till it's the right time, then jack-in-the-box, look nasty and stuff, cocoon 'em in gaffer tape, nick their van, swap the gear into the new van and bring it back.
as long as we're out of our hiding places quickly, it's the last thing you'd expect.
ed, are you sure it's a good idea taking this back to yours?
it's the only place we can, and the last place they'll look.
if he wants to get rid of it quick, he'll have to take it.
look, i've got a race coming up, so if you'd be kind enough...
and i think, if i get this right, we haven't done anything wrong and we're in the clear.
never ever... has anyone been as fucking rude... ..to me as you!
she says "a oner", he says "all right," takes her off.
says "all right, clothes off, get on the bed," she lays down, dwarf opens the suitcase and pulls out four springs, puts one on each hand and foot, bounces over and gets on top of her, boing,
bouncin' up and down, boing boing, gives her the best shag she's ever had, he's on her for two hours, and it's the best fuck she's ever had.
she's like, "that was amazing, the best fuck i've ever had.
right, let's sort the buyers from the spyers, the needy from the greedy, and those who trust me from the ones who don't.
because if you can't see value here today, you're not up here shopping, you're up here shoplifting.
ed can hustle a few quid here and there, but his real talent lies in cards and gambling with cards.
bacon could see that his days of selling moody goods on street corners are numbered.
the skinny one is tom, and he's the entrepreneur of the bunch.
he's got a couple of dirty little fingers in a couple of dirty little pies.
nick, here, however, has made it his business to have all 20 fat little fingers and toes in every dirty bent and stolen pie in london.
between the two of them, there ain't much you can't get ahold of.
the amount of money involved has to be 100 grand upwards, and there's no shortage of punters.
the man who decides whether you can play or not is this man, harry.
so what's the point in having it if we're not gonna fucking use it?
well, i would have used it, winston, but this is willie.
the problem is, willie, that charles and yourself are not the quickest of cats at the best of times.
so just do as i say and keep the fucking cage locked!
ed has been playing cards since he could lift them up, and he soon discovered that he had a big advantage.
it's not that he's good with cards or even good at counting them.
you know, four pretty white pieces of paper with your names on them?
well, we've got 100,000 bits of paper with the queen's head on them.
hold on to your fucking tongue, and i will hold onto my patience, okay, sonny?
no one in here tonight but card players, and i do mean no one.
that means three three's are the highest, then three aces, then running down accordingly.
then it's a running flush, a run, a flush and then a pair.
otherwise, i will take a finger off each of you and your friends' hands for every day that passes without payment.
and then when you run out of digits, your dad's bar, and who knows what then.
harry was going to start sizing up all their fingers in a week, because he knew there was no way ed could settle that debt on his own.
harry saw it as their money on the table, so it was also their debt off the table.
ed would hate admit it, but he could have kissed the old bastard for that.
if he said he wanted to settle the debt on his own, it would have been a lie.
harry's lost his rag, reached out for the nearest thing at hand, which happened to be a 15-inch black rubber cock.
he then proceeded to batter poor smithy to death with it.
that's a snip for the amount of pleasure they're gonna give the recipients.
but they send their checks to the other company name, nothing offensive, bobbie's bits, or something, for 25 quid.
because who wants their bank manager to know they tickle arse when they're not paying in checks?
so how long do you have to wait till you see the return?
soap, if you have a better idea how to get £500,000 in the next few days, let us know.
in the meantime, tom, you talk to nick the bubble about shifting the weed.
he's gone down the battle cruiser to watch the end of a football game.
no one's watching the custard, so he switches the channel over.
so calm as a coma, picks up a fire extinguisher, walks straight past the jam rolls who are ready for action and plonks it outside the entrance.
he then orders an aristotle of the most ping-pong tiddly in the nuclear sub and switches back to his footer.
remember, you do have the luxurious advantage of being able to sustain your son's life.
and you do have a reputation, so i'll choose my words very carefully.
as long as we're all out of our hiding places quickly, it's the last thing they're gonna expect.
oh, and if tom or anyone else for that matter feels like giving them a bit of a kicking,
i've got a race coming up in a minute, so if you'd just be kind enough to...
lenny, take that round to snow white and the three little chemists.
in fact, it's a little bit more than a little bit of a problem, isn't it?
on a scale of things, you could say it's the mount fucking everest of problems.
and there's no problem with the neighbors, because they're all dead.
and i think, if i get this right, we haven't done anything wrong, and we're in the clear.
now this was an embarrassing position for tom to be in.
but chris had to respect the fact that he was holding what appeared to be a pair of loaded shotguns.
so the traffic warden identified the neighbors' bodies, which sort of puts us in the clear.
the only thing connecting us with the case is those shotguns.
and they're hardly likely to trace them back to us, are they?
do you really think it's worth taking the risk for £700?
it seemed hatchet underestimated you lot, and it seems to have cost him.
well, i ain't gonna make the same mistake now, am i?
now if you think that's unfair, you come and pay me a little visit.
but you better be waving a white flag high and clear, so as i can see it.
right, let's sort the buyers from the spyers, the needy from the greedy and those who trust me from the ones who don't.
because if you can't see value here today, you're not up here shopping, you're up here shoplifting.
it's no good standing out there like one o'clock half struck.
my own you'd better buy'em, these are not stolen - they just haven't been paid for, and we can't get them again, they've changed the bloody locks
will be the cry when the man with the bargains has passed you by.
if you've got no money on you now, you'll crying tears as big as october cabbages.
you could choke a dozen donkeys on that, and you're haggling over 100 pound.
what d'you do when you're not buying stereos, nick, finance revolutions?
'nick, here, however, has made it his business' 'to have all 20 fat little fingers and toes' 'in every dirty, bent and stolen pie in london. '
'between the two of them, there ain't much you can't get hold of. '
'soap is called soap 'because he likes to keep his hands clean of any unlawful behaviour. '
'he's proud of his job and even more proud that it's legal. '
'it's not easy to take a seat at this card table. '
'the amount of money involved has to be 100 grand upwards' 'and there's no shortage of punters. '
the problem is, willie, that charles and yourself are not the quickest of cats at the best of times.
so do as i say and keep the fucking cage locked!
he's got over a monkey, and that's just in his wallet!
fuckin' hell, john, you always walk round with that in your pocket?
'ed has been playing cards since he could lift 'em up. '
'and he soon discovered that he had a big advantage. '
'it's not that he's good with cards,' 'or even good at counting them. '
'it's that he's good with reading people's reactions' 'no matter how subtle. '
yeah, invitations, you know, four pretty white pieces of paper with your names on.
we got 100,000 bits of paper with the queen's head on.
hold on to your fuckin' tongue and i'll hold on to my patience, ok, sonny?
no one in here tonight but card players and i do mean: no one.
otherwise i will take a finger of each of you and your friends' hands for every day that passes without payment.
and then when you've run out of digits - your dad's bar, and who knows what then.
'he then proceeded to explain the unfortunate position they were in. '
'harry was going to start sizing up all their fingers in a week.
'because he knew there was no way ed could settle that debt on his own. '
'harry saw it as their money on the table,' 'so it was also their debt off the table. '
'ed would hate to admit it, but he could've kissed the old bastard for that. '
'if he said he wanted to settle the debt on his own,' 'it would have been a lie. '
reached out for the nearest thing at hand - which happened to be a 15-inch black rubber cock.
he's then proceeded to batter poor smithy to death with it.
because who wants their bank manager to know they tickle arse when he is not paying in cheques!
so how long do you have to wait till you see a return?
so he's gone down the battle cruiser to watch the end of the football game.
no one's watching the custard, so he switches the channel over.
so calm as a coma, picks up the fire extinguisher, walks straight past the jam rolls who were ready for action and plonks it outside the entrance.
he then orders an aristotle of the most ping-pong tiddly in the nuclear sub and switches back to his footer.
i understand if this has come as a bit of a shock.
but let me tell you how this can be resolved by you, the good father.
remember, you do have the luxurious advantage of being able to sustain your son's life.
and you do have a reputation - so i'll choose my words very carefully.
like any cowboys - there'll be a few tools lying around.
when the job's done, we come straight back here and unload.
we wait till it sounds out the right time, then we, jack-in-the-box, look nasty and stuff, cocoon 'em in gaffer tape, nick their van, swap the gear into the new van and bring it all back here.
as long as we're all out of our hiding places quickly, it's the last thing they're gonna expect.
now look, i've got a race coming up in a minute, so if you'd just be kind enough to...
lenny, take that round to snow white and the three little chemists.
in fact, this is a little bit more than looking a bit of a problem, isn't it?
on the scale of things, you could say it's the mount fucking everest of problems!
and i think, if i get this right, we haven't done anything wrong and we're in the clear.
never ever... has anyone been as fucking rude... .. to me as you, you...
'now this was an embarrassing position for tom to be in.
'but chris had to respect the fact that he was holding 'what appeared to be a pair of loaded shotguns.
and they're hardly likely to trace 'em back to us, are they?
do you really think it's worth taking the the risk for £700?
# and i'll be good to you oh, yes, i will...
right, let's sort the buyers from the spyers, the needy from the greedy, and those who trust me from the ones who don't.
the skinny one is tom, and he's the entrepreneur of the bunch.
he's got a couple of dirty little fingers in a couple of dirty little pies.
nick, here, however, has made it his business to have all 20 fat little fingers and toes in every dirty bent and stolen pie in london.
between the two of them, there ain't much you can't get ahold of.
soap is called soap because he likes to keep his hands clean of any unlawful behavior.
he's proud of his job and even more proud that it's legal.
it's not easy to take a seat at this card table.
the amount of money involved has to be 100 grand upwards, and there's no shortage of punters.
the man who decides whether you can play or not is this man, harry.
or as some, including himself, like to call him, hatchet harry.
ed has been playing cards since he could lift them up, and he soon discovered that he had a big advantage.
it's not that he's good with cards or even good at counting them.
that means three three's are the highest, then three aces, then running down accordingly.
then it's a running flush, a run, a flush and then a pair.
i am trying to find out where they keep their money!
you twat, can't you see these people have got no money?
otherwise, i will take a finger off each of you and your friends' hands for every day that passes without payment.
and then when you run out of digits, your dad's bar, and who knows what then.
he then proceeded to explain the unfortunate position they were in.
harry was going to start sizing up all their fingers in a week, because he knew there was no way ed could settle that debt on his own.
harry saw it as their money on the table, so it was also their debt off the table.
ed would hate admit it, but he could have kissed the old bastard for that.
if he said he wanted to settle the debt on his own, it would have been a lie.
now, i wish to christ he would have let me settle the debt on my own.
harry's lost his rag, reached out for the nearest thing at hand, which happened to be a 15-inch black rubber cock.
he then proceeded to batter poor smithy to death with it.
but they send their checks to the other company name, nothing offensive, bobbie's bits, or something, for 25 quid.
you take that 25 quid, you stick it in the bank until it clears.
he's gone down the battle cruiser to watch the end of a football game.
no one's watching the custard, so he switches the channel over.
so calm as a coma, picks up a fire extinguisher, walks straight past the jam rolls who are ready for action and plonks it outside the entrance.
he then orders an aristotle of the most ping-pong tiddly in the nuclear sub and switches back to his footer.
i don't want to blow the arse out of this country, granted.
but i don't want anyone blowing a raspberry at me, either.
remember, you do have the luxurious advantage of being able to sustain your son's life.
and you do have a reputation, so i'll choose my words very carefully.
but like any cowboys, there'll be a few tools lying around.
when the job's done, we come straight back here and unload.
as long as we're all out of our hiding places quickly, it's the last thing they're gonna expect.
oh, and if tom or anyone else for that matter feels like giving them a bit of a kicking,
are you sure it's a good idea taking this back to yours?
well, it's the only place we can take it, and it's the last place they're gonna look.
you said 3.5 a key, and you know that's a good price.
it was yesterday i said three and a half, and now it's today if i'm not mistaken.
on a scale of things, you could say it's the mount fucking everest of problems.
and the reason it's such a mon-fucking-strosity of a problem is, you don't even got a first idea who did this to us, have you?
well, he can afford to do the deal at the price we're selling.
it's not worth him giving us any trouble, because he knows we'll be a pain in the arse, and who needs a pain in the arse?
after we pay hatchet, this deal puts us up nearly £200,000 each.
that's not bad for a morning's work, i think you'll agree.
and i think, if i get this right... we haven't done anything wrong, and we're in the clear.
never ever has anyone ever... been as fucking rude to me... as you did!
but chris had to respect the fact that he was holding what appeared to be a pair of loaded shotguns.
and tom had to respect the fact that they were not loaded.
so the traffic warden identified the neighbors' bodies, which sort of puts us in the clear.
the only thing connecting us with the case is those shotguns.
it seemed hatchet underestimated you lot... and it seems to have cost him.
well, i ain't gonna make the same mistake now, am i?
now if you think that's unfair, you come and pay me a little visit.
but you better be waving a white flag high and clear, so as i can see it.
let's sort the buyers from the spyers, the needy from the greedy and those who trust me from the ones who don't.
if you can't see value here, you're not shopping, you're shoplifting.
'but his real talent lies in cards - 'and gambling with cards.
'bacon could see that his days 'of selling moody goods on street corners are numbered.
'nick, however, has made it his business 'to have all 20 fat fingers and toes 'in every dirty, bent and stolen pie in london. '
'between them, there ain't much you can't get hold of. '
'the amount of money has to be 100 grand upwards 'and there's no shortage of punters.
'this is the man who decides whether you can play -
you went out six hours ago to buy a money counter.
you come back with a semi-conscious gloria and a bag of fertiliser.
'lt's not that he's good at cards, 'or even good at counting them.
'lt's that he's good at reading people's reactions 'no matter how subtle.
yeah, four pretty white pieces of paper with your names on.
we got 100,000 bits of paper with the queen's head on.
hold on to your tongue and i'll hold on to my patience.
no one in here but card players tonight - no one.
three 3s are highest, then three aces, then running down accordingly.
then it's a running flush, a run, a flush and then a pair.
otherwise i will take a finger of each of you and your friends' hands for every day that passes without payment.
when you've run out of digits - your dad's bar, and who knows what then.
'he knew there was no way ed could settle that debt alone.
'harry saw it as their money on the table, 'so it was their debt off the table.
reached out for the nearest thing at hand - which happened to be a 15-inch black rubber cock.
he then proceeded to batter poor smithy to death with it.
calm as a coma, picks up the fire extinguisher, walks past the jam rolls ready for action and plonks it outside the entrance.
he orders an aristotle of the most ping-pong tiddly in the nuclear sub and switches back to his footer.
remember, you have the luxurious advantage of being able to sustain your son's life.
you do have a reputation - so i'll choose my words very carefully.
as long as we're out of our hiding places quickly, it's the last thing you'd expect.
if tom or anyone else feels like giving 'em a kicking,
ed, are you sure it's a good idea taking this back to yours?
it's the only place we can, and the last place they'll look.
if he wants to get rid of it quick, he'll have to take it.
look, i've got a race coming up, so if you'd be kind enough...
winston there is gonna come along and see if he recognises any of them.
watch out for these fellas - they've got a bit of an arsenal and they don't mind using it.
and i think, if i get this right, we haven't done anything wrong and we're in the clear.
never ever... has anyone been as fucking rude... . . to me as you!
'but chris had to respect the fact that he was holding 'what appeared to be a pair of loaded shotguns.
'tom had to respect the fact that they were not loaded.
# and i'll be good to you oh, yes, i will...
right, let's sort the buyers from the spyers, the needy from the greedy, and those who trust me from the ones who don't.
the skinny one is tom, and he's the entrepreneur of the bunch.
he's got a couple of dirty little fingers in a couple of dirty little pies.
nick, here, however, has made it his business to have all 20 fat little fingers and toes in every dirty bent and stolen pie in london.
between the two of them, there ain't much you can't get ahold of.
soap is called soap because he likes to keep his hands clean of any unlawful behavior.
he's proud of his job and even more proud that it's legal.
it's not easy to take a seat at this card table.
the amount of money involved has to be 100 grand upwards, and there's no shortage of punters.
the man who decides whether you can play or not is this man, harry.
or as some, including himself, like to call him, hatchet harry.
ed has been playing cards since he could lift them up, and he soon discovered that he had a big advantage.
it's not that he's good with cards or even good at counting them.
that means three three's are the highest, then three aces, then running down accordingly.
then it's a running flush, a run, a flush and then a pair.
i am trying to find out where they keep their money!
you twat, can't you see these people have got no money?
otherwise, i will take a finger off each of you and your friends' hands for every day that passes without payment.
and then when you run out of digits, your dad's bar, and who knows what then.
he then proceeded to explain the unfortunate position they were in.
harry was going to start sizing up all their fingers in a week, because he knew there was no way ed could settle that debt on his own.
harry saw it as their money on the table, so it was also their debt off the table.
ed would hate admit it, but he could have kissed the old bastard for that.
if he said he wanted to settle the debt on his own, it would have been a lie.
now, i wish to christ he would have let me settle the debt on my own.
harry's lost his rag, reached out for the nearest thing at hand, which happened to be a 15-inch black rubber cock.
he then proceeded to batter poor smithy to death with it.
but they send their checks to the other company name, nothing offensive, bobbie's bits, or something, for 25 quid.
you take that 25 quid, you stick it in the bank until it clears.
he's gone down the battle cruiser to watch the end of a football game.
no one's watching the custard, so he switches the channel over.
so calm as a coma, picks up a fire extinguisher, walks straight past the jam rolls who are ready for action and plonks it outside the entrance.
he then orders an aristotle of the most ping-pong tiddly in the nuclear sub and switches back to his footer.
i don't want to blow the arse out of this country, granted.
but i don't want anyone blowing a raspberry at me, either.
remember, you do have the luxurious advantage of being able to sustain your son's life.
and you do have a reputation, so i'll choose my words very carefully.
but like any cowboys, there'll be a few tools lying around.
when the job's done, we come straight back here and unload.
as long as we're all out of our hiding places quickly, it's the last thing they're gonna expect.
oh, and if tom or anyone else for that matter feels like giving them a bit of a kicking,
are you sure it's a good idea taking this back to yours?
well, it's the only place we can take it, and it's the last place they're gonna look.
you said 3.5 a key, and you know that's a good price.
it was yesterday i said three and a half, and now it's today if i'm not mistaken.
on a scale of things, you could say it's the mount fucking everest of problems.
and the reason it's such a mon-fucking-strosity of a problem is, you don't even got a first idea who did this to us, have you?
well, he can afford to do the deal at the price we're selling.
it's not worth him giving us any trouble, because he knows we'll be a pain in the arse, and who needs a pain in the arse?
after we pay hatchet, this deal puts us up nearly £200,000 each.
that's not bad for a morning's work, i think you'll agree.
and i think, if i get this right... we haven't done anything wrong, and we're in the clear.
never ever has anyone ever... been as fucking rude to me... as you did!
but chris had to respect the fact that he was holding what appeared to be a pair of loaded shotguns.
and tom had to respect the fact that they were not loaded.
so the traffic warden identified the neighbors' bodies, which sort of puts us in the clear.
the only thing connecting us with the case is those shotguns.
it seemed hatchet underestimated you lot... and it seems to have cost him.
well, i ain't gonna make the same mistake now, am i?
now if you think that's unfair, you come and pay me a little visit.
but you better be waving a white flag high and clear, so as i can see it.
right, let's sort the buyers from the spyers, the needy from the greedy, and those who trust me from the ones who don't.
because if you can't see value here today, you're not up here shopping, you're up here shoplifting.
"too late, too late!" will be the cry when the man with the bargains has passed you by.
and if you've got no money on you now, you'll be crying tears as big as october cabbages.
he's got a couple of dirty little fingers in a couple of dirty little pies.
nick, here, however, has made it his business to have all 20 fat little fingers and toes in every dirty bent and stolen pie in london.
soap is called soap because he likes to keep his hands clean of any unlawful behavior.
he's proud of his job and even more proud that it's legal.
it's not easy to take a seat at this card table.
the amount of money involved has to be 100 grand upwards, and there's no shortage of punters.
the man who decides whether you can play or not is this man, harry.
or as some, including himself, like to call him, hatchet harry.
so what's the point in having it if we're not gonna fucking use it?
well, i would have used it, winston, but this is willie.
the problem is, willie, that charles and yourself are not the quickest of cats at the best of times.
so just do as i say and keep the fucking cage locked !
he's got over a monkey here, and that's just in his wallet.
fucking hell, john, you always walk around with that in your pocket?
it's not that he's good with cards or even good at counting them.
it's that he's good with reading people's reactions, no matter how subtle.
then it's a running flush, a run, a flush and then a pair.
an open man can't see a blind man, and it will cost you twice the ante to see your opponent.
i am trying to find out where they keep their money!
you twat, can't you see these people have got no money?
otherwise, i will take a finger off each of you and your friends' hands for every day that passes without payment.
and then when you run out of digits, your dad's bar, and who knows what then.
harry was going to start sizing up all their fingers in a week, because he knew there was no way ed could settle that debt on his own.
harry saw it as their money on the table, so it was also their debt off the table.
ed would hate admit it, but he could have kissed the old bastard for that.
if he said he wanted to settle the debt on his own, it wouid have been a lie.
harry's lost his rag, reached out for the nearest thing at hand, which happened to be a 15-inch black rubber cock.
he then proceeded to batter poor smithy to death with it.
but they send their checks to the other company name, nothing offensive, bobbie's bits, or something, for 25 quid.
you take that 25 quid, you stick it in the bank until it clears.
he might look a bit silly, but he's a fucking lunatic.
and if he gets the slightest inkling we're not throwing straight dice, then you and me are gonna know what the sharp side of a kebab knife feels like.
he's gone down the battle cruiser to watch the end of a football game.
no one's watching the custard, so he switches the channel over.
so calm as a coma, picks up a fire extinguisher, walks straight past the jam rolls who are ready for action and plonks it outside the entrance.
he then orders an aristotle of the most ping-pong tiddly in the nuclear sub and switches back to his footer.
remember, you do have the luxurious advantage of being able to sustain your son's life.
and you do have a reputation, so i'll choose my words very carefully.
as long as we're all out of our hiding places quickly, it's the last thing they're gonna expect.
oh, and if tom or anyone else for that matter feels like giving them a bit of a kicking, i'm sure it won't do any harm.
are you sure it's a good idea taking this back to yours?
well, it's the only place we can take it, and it's the last place they're gonna look.
you said 3.5 a key, and you know that's a good price.
it was yesterday i said three and a half, and now it's today if i'm not mistaken.
now look, i've got a race coming up in a minute, so if you'd just be kind enough to...
lenny, take that round to snow white and the three little chemists.
in fact, it's a little bit more than a little bit of a problem, isn't it?
on a scale of things, you could say it's the mount fucking everest of problems.
and the reason it's such a mon-fucking-strosity of a problem is, you don't even got a first idea who did this to us, have you?
dog, we've been up all night. lt's no one from round here.
well, he can afford to do the deal at the price we're selling.
it's not worth him giving us any trouble, because he knows we'll be a pain in the arse, and who needs a pain in the arse?
after we pay hatchet, this deal puts us up nearly £200,000 each.
that's not bad for a morning's work, i think you'll agree.
but chris had to respect the fact that he was holding what appeared to be a pair of loaded shotguns.
and tom had to respect the fact that they were not loaded.
if you don't look at them, you're a blind man, you only put in half the stake.
three of any kind is the highest, but the odds are 450-1 against getting any three.
then there's a running flush, all the same suit, all in order, then a straight and a flush and a pair, and finally, whatever the highest card you've got.
now, there are some telltale signs that can help, but they took me long enough to learn so i'm not telling you.
let's sort the buyers from the spiers and those who trust me from the ones who don't.
if you can't see value here, you're not shopping, you're shoplifting.
'he's got a couple of dirty fingers 'in a couple of dirty pies.
'nick, however, has made it his business 'to have all 20 fat fingers and toes 'in every dirty, bent and stolen pie in london.'
'it's not easy to take a seat at this card table.
'the amount of money has to be 100 grand upwards 'and there's no shortage of punters.
the problem is, willie, charles and yourself are not the quickest cats at the best of times.
so do as i say and keep the fucking cage locked!
i know your friends are responsible for most of the cash... so i'm gonna give you one week to find it.
0therwise i will take a finger off each of you and your friends' hands for every day that passes without payment.
'he knew there was no way ed could settle that debt alone.
'harry saw it as their money on the table, 'so it was their debt off the table.
reached out for the nearest thing at hand - which happened to be a 15-inch black rubber cock.
he then proceeded to batter poor smithy to death with it.
you send back the cheque for 25 pound from the other company name -
"arse ticklers faggots fan club" - saying we're sorry, we couldn't get supplies from america - they ran out of stock.
if he gets an inkling we're not throwing straight dice, we're gonna know what the sharp side of a kebab knife feels like.
yeah, but we're in this for the cash however it comes.
straight as an arrow and strong as the bow that fired it.
if you dropped a tenner, he'd search till he found you.
he knows claret is imminent, but he doesn't want to miss the game.
calm as a coma, picks up the fire extinguisher, walks past the jam rolls ready for action and plonks it outside the entrance.
remember, you have the luxurious advantage of being able to sustain your son's life.
you do have a reputation - so i'll choose my words very carefully.
now, jd is a better player but harry is a shit and a cheat.
this game went on for two days, until your dad lost everything.
harry starts laughin', cheering', doin' a little jig and he turns jd's cards over.
jd by this time is cryin' proper tears, this is next to pathetic.
we wait till it's the right time, then jack-in-the-box, look nasty and stuff, cocoon 'em in gaffer tape, nick their van, swap the gear into the new van and bring it back.
as long as we're out of our hiding places quickly, it's the last thing you'd expect.
ed, are you sure it's a good idea taking this back to yours?
it's the only place we can, and the last place they'll look.
if he wants to get rid of it quick, he'll have to take it.
look, i've got a race coming up, so if you'd be kind enough...
and i think, if i get this right, we haven't done anything wrong and we're in the clear.
never ever... has anyone been as fucking rude... ..to me as you!
there's this brass standing on the corner, a dwarf walks up carrying a suitcase says "how much?"
she says "a oner", he says "all right," takes her off.
says "all right, clothes off, get on the bed," she lays down, dwarf opens the suitcase and pulls out four springs, puts one on each hand and foot, bounces over and gets on top of her, boing,
bouncin' up and down, boing boing, gives her the best shag she's ever had, he's on her for two hours, and it's the best fuck she's ever had.
right, let's sort the buyers from the spyers, the needy from the greedy and those who trust me from the ones who don't.
because if you can't see value here today, you're not up here shopping, you're up here shoplifting.
it's no good standing out there like one o'clock half struck.
my own you'd better buy'em, these are not stolen - they just haven't been paid for, and we can't get them again, they've changed the bloody locks
will be the cry when the man with the bargains has passed you by.
if you've got no money on you now, you'll crying tears as big as october cabbages.
seems... well, this seems to be a waste of my time.
that is 900 nicker in any shop you're lucky enough to find one in and you're complaining about 200?
'he's got a couple of dirty little fingers' 'in a couple of dirty little pies.'
'nick, here, however, has made it his business' 'to have all 20 fat little fingers and toes' 'in every dirty, bent and stolen pie in london.'
'the amount of money involved has to be 100 grand upwards' 'and there's no shortage of punters.'
'the man who decides whether you can play or not is this man -'
you went out six hours ago to buy a money counter.
and you come back with a semi-conscious gloria and a bag of fertiliser ?
'ed has been playing cards since he could lift 'em up.'
'and he soon discovered that he had a big advantage.' 'lt's not that he's good with cards,' 'or even good at counting them.' 'lt's that he's good with reading people's reactions'
that means three 3s are the highest, then three aces, then running down accordingly.
then it's a running flush, a run, a flush and then a pair.
i know your friends are responsible for most of the cash... so i'm gonna give you one week to find it.
otherwise i will take a finger of each of you and your friends' hands for every day that passes without payment.
'harry was going to start sizing up all their fingers in a week.
'because he knew there was no way ed could settle that debt on his own.'
'harry saw it as their money on the table,' 'so it was also their debt off the table.'
'ed would hate to admit it, but he could've kissed the old bastard for that.' 'lf he said he wanted to settle the debt on his own,' 'it would have been a lie.'
reached out for the nearest thing at hand - which happened to be a 15-inch black rubber cock.
he's then proceeded to batter poor smithy to death with it.
he might look a bit silly, but he's a fucking lunatic.
if he gets the slightest inkling we're not throwing straight dice, you and me are gonna know what the sharp side of a kebab knife feels like.
soap, if you have a better idea how to get £500,000 in the next few days, let us know.
in the meantime, tom, you talk to nick the bubble about shifting the weed.
rory knows claret is imminent, but he doesn't want to miss the end of the game.
so calm as a coma, picks up the fire extinguisher, walks straight past the jam rolls who were ready for action and plonks it outside the entrance.
all right, once he's got himself set, he gets the rest of us in.
now we'll get nasty with a couple of'em, shit 'em up, ok, or whatever.
look nasty and stuff, cocoon 'em in gaffer tape, nick their van, swap the gear into the new van and bring it all back here.
as long as we're all out of our hiding places quickly, it's the last thing they're gonna expect.
here, ed, are you sure it's a good idea taking this back to yours?
why, it's the only place we can take it, and the last place they're gonna look.
if he wants to get rid of it quick, he'll have to take it.
now look, i've got a race coming up in a minute, so if you'd just be kind enough to...
on the scale of things, you could say it's the mount fucking everest of problems!
and the reason it's such a mon-fucking-struosity of a problem is... you don't have the first idea who did this to us, have you?
after we pay hatchet, this deal puts us up... nearly 200,000 pounds each.
that's not bad for a morning's work, i think you'll agree.
winston there is gonna come along and see if he recognises any of them.
now watch out for these fellas - they've got a bit of an arsenal and they don't mind using it.
and there's no problem with the neighbours - because they're all dead.
and i think, if i get this right, we haven't done anything wrong and we're in the clear.
'but chris had to respect the fact that he was holding 'what appeared to be a pair of loaded shotguns.
'and tom had to respect the fact that they were not loaded.
now if you think that's unfair, you come and pay me a little visit.
but you better be waving a white flag, high and clear so as i can see it.
right, let's sort the buyers from the spyers, the needy from the greedy and those who trust me from the ones who don't.
because if you can't see value here today, you're not up here shopping, you're up here shoplifting.
it's no good standing out there like one o'clock half struck.
my own you'd better buy'em, these are not stolen - they just haven't been paid for, and we can't get them again, they've changed the bloody locks
will be the cry when the man with the bargains has passed you by.
if you've got no money on you now, you'll crying tears as big as october cabbages.
seems... well, this seems to be a waste of my time.
that is 900 nicker in any shop you're lucky enough to find one in and you're complaining about 200?
'he's got a couple of dirty little fingers' 'in a couple of dirty little pies.'
'nick, here, however, has made it his business' 'to have all 20 fat little fingers and toes' 'in every dirty, bent and stolen pie in london.'
'the amount of money involved has to be 100 grand upwards' 'and there's no shortage of punters.'
'the man who decides whether you can play or not is this man -'
you went out six hours ago to buy a money counter.
and you come back with a semi-conscious gloria and a bag of fertiliser ?
'ed has been playing cards since he could lift 'em up.'
'and he soon discovered that he had a big advantage.' 'lt's not that he's good with cards,' 'or even good at counting them.' 'lt's that he's good with reading people's reactions'
that means three 3s are the highest, then three aces, then running down accordingly.
then it's a running flush, a run, a flush and then a pair.
i know your friends are responsible for most of the cash... so i'm gonna give you one week to find it.
otherwise i will take a finger of each of you and your friends' hands for every day that passes without payment.
'harry was going to start sizing up all their fingers in a week.
'because he knew there was no way ed could settle that debt on his own.'
'harry saw it as their money on the table,' 'so it was also their debt off the table.'
'ed would hate to admit it, but he could've kissed the old bastard for that.' 'lf he said he wanted to settle the debt on his own,' 'it would have been a lie.'
reached out for the nearest thing at hand - which happened to be a 15-inch black rubber cock.
he's then proceeded to batter poor smithy to death with it.
he might look a bit silly, but he's a fucking lunatic.
if he gets the slightest inkling we're not throwing straight dice, you and me are gonna know what the sharp side of a kebab knife feels like.
soap, if you have a better idea how to get £500,000 in the next few days, let us know.
in the meantime, tom, you talk to nick the bubble about shifting the weed.
rory knows claret is imminent, but he doesn't want to miss the end of the game.
so calm as a coma, picks up the fire extinguisher, walks straight past the jam rolls who were ready for action and plonks it outside the entrance.
all right, once he's got himself set, he gets the rest of us in.
now we'll get nasty with a couple of'em, shit 'em up, ok, or whatever.
look nasty and stuff, cocoon 'em in gaffer tape, nick their van, swap the gear into the new van and bring it all back here.
as long as we're all out of our hiding places quickly, it's the last thing they're gonna expect.
here, ed, are you sure it's a good idea taking this back to yours?
why, it's the only place we can take it, and the last place they're gonna look.
if he wants to get rid of it quick, he'll have to take it.
now look, i've got a race coming up in a minute, so if you'd just be kind enough to...
on the scale of things, you could say it's the mount fucking everest of problems!
and the reason it's such a mon-fucking-struosity of a problem is... you don't have the first idea who did this to us, have you?
after we pay hatchet, this deal puts us up... nearly 200,000 pounds each.
that's not bad for a morning's work, i think you'll agree.
winston there is gonna come along and see if he recognises any of them.
now watch out for these fellas - they've got a bit of an arsenal and they don't mind using it.
and there's no problem with the neighbours - because they're all dead.
and i think, if i get this right, we haven't done anything wrong and we're in the clear.
'but chris had to respect the fact that he was holding 'what appeared to be a pair of loaded shotguns.
'and tom had to respect the fact that they were not loaded.
now if you think that's unfair, you come and pay me a little visit.
but you better be waving a white flag, high and clear so as i can see it.
let's sort the buyers from the spyers, the needy from the greedy and those who trust me from the ones who don't.
if you can't see value here, you're not shopping, you're shoplifting.
'but his real talent lies in cards - 'and gambling with cards.
'bacon could see that his days 'of selling moody goods on street corners are numbered.
'the amount of money has to be 100 grand upwards 'and there's no shortage of punters.
'this is the man who decides whether you can play -
you went out six hours ago to buy a money counter.
you come back with a semi-conscious gloria and a bag of fertiliser.
'lt's not that he's good at cards, 'or even good at counting them.
'lt's that he's good at reading people's reactions 'no matter how subtle.
yeah, four pretty white pieces of paper with your names on.
we got 100,000 bits of paper with the queen's head on.
hold on to your tongue and i'll hold on to my patience.
no one in here but card players tonight - no one.
three 3s are highest, then three aces, then running down accordingly.
then it's a running flush, a run, a flush and then a pair.
otherwise i will take a finger of each of you and your friends' hands for every day that passes without payment.
when you've run out of digits - your dad's bar, and who knows what then.
'he knew there was no way ed could settle that debt alone.
'harry saw it as their money on the table, 'so it was their debt off the table.
reached out for the nearest thing at hand - which happened to be a 15-inch black rubber cock.
he then proceeded to batter poor smithy to death with it.
calm as a coma, picks up the fire extinguisher, walks past the jam rolls ready for action and plonks it outside the entrance.
he orders an aristotle of the most ping-pong tiddly in the nuclear sub and switches back to his footer.
remember, you have the luxurious advantage of being able to sustain your son's life.
you do have a reputation - so i'll choose my words very carefully.
as long as we're out of our hiding places quickly, it's the last thing you'd expect.
if tom or anyone else feels like giving 'em a kicking,
ed, are you sure it's a good idea taking this back to yours?
it's the only place we can, and the last place they'll look.
if he wants to get rid of it quick, he'll have to take it.
look, i've got a race coming up, so if you'd be kind enough...
winston there is gonna come along and see if he recognises any of them.
watch out for these fellas - they've got a bit of an arsenal and they don't mind using it.
and i think, if i get this right, we haven't done anything wrong and we're in the clear.
never ever... has anyone been as fucking rude... ..to me as you!
'but chris had to respect the fact that he was holding 'what appeared to be a pair of loaded shotguns.
'tom had to respect the fact that they were not loaded.
right, let's sort the buyers from the spyers, the needy from the greedy and those who trust me from the ones who don't.
because if you can't see value here today, you're not up here shopping, you're up here shoplifting.
it's no good standing out there like one o'clock half struck.
my own you'd better buy'em, these are not stolen - they just haven't been paid for, and we can't get them again, they've changed the bloody locks
will be the cry when the man with the bargains has passed you by.
if you've got no money on you now, you'll crying tears as big as october cabbages.
seems... well, this seems to be a waste of my time.
that is 900 nicker in any shop you're lucky enough to find one in and you're complaining about 200?
'he's got a couple of dirty little fingers' 'in a couple of dirty little pies.'
'nick, here, however, has made it his business' 'to have all 20 fat little fingers and toes' 'in every dirty, bent and stolen pie in london.'
'the amount of money involved has to be 100 grand upwards' 'and there's no shortage of punters.'
'the man who decides whether you can play or not is this man -'
you went out six hours ago to buy a money counter.
and you come back with a semi-conscious gloria and a bag of fertiliser ?
'ed has been playing cards since he could lift 'em up.'
'and he soon discovered that he had a big advantage.' 'lt's not that he's good with cards,' 'or even good at counting them.' 'lt's that he's good with reading people's reactions'
that means three 3s are the highest, then three aces, then running down accordingly.
then it's a running flush, a run, a flush and then a pair.
i know your friends are responsible for most of the cash... so i'm gonna give you one week to find it.
otherwise i will take a finger of each of you and your friends' hands for every day that passes without payment.
'harry was going to start sizing up all their fingers in a week.
'because he knew there was no way ed could settle that debt on his own.'
'harry saw it as their money on the table,' 'so it was also their debt off the table.'
'ed would hate to admit it, but he could've kissed the old bastard for that.' 'lf he said he wanted to settle the debt on his own,' 'it would have been a lie.'
reached out for the nearest thing at hand - which happened to be a 15-inch black rubber cock.
he's then proceeded to batter poor smithy to death with it.
he might look a bit silly, but he's a fucking lunatic.
if he gets the slightest inkling we're not throwing straight dice, you and me are gonna know what the sharp side of a kebab knife feels like.
soap, if you have a better idea how to get £500,000 in the next few days, let us know.
in the meantime, tom, you talk to nick the bubble about shifting the weed.
rory knows claret is imminent, but he doesn't want to miss the end of the game.
so calm as a coma, picks up the fire extinguisher, walks straight past the jam rolls who were ready for action and plonks it outside the entrance.
all right, once he's got himself set, he gets the rest of us in.
now we'll get nasty with a couple of'em, shit 'em up, ok, or whatever.
look nasty and stuff, cocoon 'em in gaffer tape, nick their van, swap the gear into the new van and bring it all back here.
as long as we're all out of our hiding places quickly, it's the last thing they're gonna expect.
here, ed, are you sure it's a good idea taking this back to yours?
why, it's the only place we can take it, and the last place they're gonna look.
if he wants to get rid of it quick, he'll have to take it.
now look, i've got a race coming up in a minute, so if you'd just be kind enough to...
on the scale of things, you could say it's the mount fucking everest of problems!
and the reason it's such a mon-fucking-struosity of a problem is... you don't have the first idea who did this to us, have you?
after we pay hatchet, this deal puts us up... nearly 200,000 pounds each.
that's not bad for a morning's work, i think you'll agree.
winston there is gonna come along and see if he recognises any of them.
now watch out for these fellas - they've got a bit of an arsenal and they don't mind using it.
and there's no problem with the neighbours - because they're all dead.
and i think, if i get this right, we haven't done anything wrong and we're in the clear.
'but chris had to respect the fact that he was holding 'what appeared to be a pair of loaded shotguns.
'and tom had to respect the fact that they were not loaded.
and they're hardly likely to trace 'em back to us, are they?
do you really think it's worth taking the the risk for £700?
if you don't look at them, you're a blind man, you only put in half the stake.
three of any kind is the highest, but the odds are 450-1 against getting any three.
then there's a running flush, all the same suit, all in order, then a straight and a flush and a pair, and finally, whatever the highest card you've got.
now, there are some telltale signs that can help, but they took me long enough to learn so i'm not telling you.
let's sort the buyers from the spiers and those who trust me from the ones who don't.
if you can't see value here, you're not shopping, you're shoplifting.
'but his real talent lies in cards - 'and gambling with cards.
'bacon could see that his days 'of selling moody goods on street corners are numbered.
'the amount of money has to be 100 grand upwards 'and there's no shortage of punters.
'this is the man who decides whether you can play -
you went out six hours ago to buy a money counter.
you come back with a semi-conscious gloria and a bag of fertiliser.
'it's not that he's good at cards, 'or even good at counting them.
'it's that he's good at reading people's reactions 'no matter how subtle.
three 3s are highest, then three aces, then running down accordingly.
then it's a running flush, a run, a flush and then a pair.
0therwise i will take a finger off each of you and your friends' hands for every day that passes without payment.
when you've run out of digits - your dad's bar, and who knows what then.
'he knew there was no way ed could settle that debt alone.
'harry saw it as their money on the table, 'so it was their debt off the table.
reached out for the nearest thing at hand - which happened to be a 15-inch black rubber cock.
he then proceeded to batter poor smithy to death with it.
he might look a bit silly, but he's a fucking lunatic.
if he gets an inkling we're not throwing straight dice, we're gonna know what the sharp side of a kebab knife feels like.
straight as an arrow and strong as the bow that fired it.
if you dropped a tenner, he'd search till he found you.
he knows claret is imminent, but he doesn't want to miss the game.
calm as a coma, picks up the fire extinguisher, walks past the jam rolls ready for action and plonks it outside the entrance.
now, jd is a better player but harry is a shit and a cheat.
this game went on for two days, until your dad lost everything.
harry starts laughin', cheering', doin' a little jig and he turns jd's cards over.
jd by this time is cryin' proper tears, this is next to pathetic.
as long as we're out of our hiding places quickly, it's the last thing you'd expect.
if tom or anyone else feels like giving 'em a kicking,
ed, are you sure it's a good idea taking this back to yours?
it's the only place we can, and the last place they'll look.
if he wants to get rid of it quick, he'll have to take it.
look, i've got a race coming up, so if you'd be kind enough...
and i think, if i get this right, we haven't done anything wrong and we're in the clear.
never ever... has anyone been as fucking rude to me as you!
there's this brass standing on the corner, a dwarf walks up carrying a suitcase says "how much?"
she says "a oner", he says "all right," takes her off.
says "all right, clothes off, get on the bed," she lays down, dwarf opens the suitcase and pulls out four springs, puts one on each hand and foot, bounces over and gets on top of her, boing,
bouncin' up and down, boing boing, gives her the best shag she's ever had, he's on her for two hours, and it's the best fuck she's ever had.
right, let's sort the buyers the needy from the greedy, and those who trust me from the ones who don't.
because if you can't see value here today, you're not up here shopping, you're up here shoplifting.
ed can hustle a few quid here and there, but his real talent lies in cards
bacon could see that his days of selling moody goods on street corners
the skinny one is tom, and he's the entrepreneur of the bunch.
he's got a couple of dirty little fingers in a couple
he's got over a monkey here, and that's just in his wallet.
fucking hell, john, you always walk around with that in your pocket?
otherwise, i will take a finger off each of you and your friends' for every day that passes
and then when you run out your dad's bar, and who knows
harry was going to start sizing up all their because he knew there was no way ed could settle
harry saw it as their money on the table, so it was also
ed would hate admit it, but he could have kissed the old bastard for that.
if he said he wanted to settle the debt on his own,
you open up a company called arse ticklers faggots fan club.
you take out an advert in the back page advertising the latest in
as long as we're all out of our hiding it's the last thing they're
oh, and if tom or anyone else feels like giving them a bit
on a scale of things, you could say it's the mount fucking everest of problems.
and the reason it's such a mon-fucking-strosity you don't even got a first idea who did
right, let's sort the buyers from the spyers, the needy from the greedy and those who trust me from the ones who don't.
because if you can't see value here today, you're not up here shopping, you're up here shoplifting.
it's no good standing out there like one o'clock half struck.
my own you'd better buy'em, these are not stolen - they just haven't been paid for, and we can't get them again, they've changed the bloody locks
will be the cry when the man with the bargains has passed you by.
if you've got no money on you now, you'll crying tears as big as october cabbages.
you could choke a dozen donkeys on that, and you're haggling over 100 pound.
what d'you do when you're not buying stereos, nick, finance revolutions?
'nick, here, however, has made it his business' 'to have all 20 fat little fingers and toes' 'in every dirty, bent and stolen pie in london.'
'between the two of them, there ain't much you can't get hold of.'
'soap is called soap 'because he likes to keep his hands clean of any unlawful behaviour.'
'he's proud of his job and even more proud that it's legal.'
'it's not easy to take a seat at this card table.'
'the amount of money involved has to be 100 grand upwards' 'and there's no shortage of punters.'
the problem is, willie, that charles and yourself are not the quickest of cats at the best of times.
so do as i say and keep the fucking cage locked!
he's got over a monkey, and that's just in his wallet!
fuckin' hell, john, you always walk round with that in your pocket?
'it's not that he's good with cards,' 'or even good at counting them.'
'it's that he's good with reading people's reactions' 'no matter how subtle.'
yeah, invitations, you know, four pretty white pieces of paper with your names on.
we got 100,000 bits of paper with the queen's head on.
hold on to your fuckin' tongue and i'll hold on to my patience, ok, sonny?
no one in here tonight but card players and i do mean: no one.
otherwise i will take a finger of each of you and your friends' hands for every day that passes without payment.
and then when you've run out of digits - your dad's bar, and who knows what then.
'he then proceeded to explain the unfortunate position they were in.'
'harry was going to start sizing up all their fingers in a week.
'because he knew there was no way ed could settle that debt on his own.'
'harry saw it as their money on the table,' 'so it was also their debt off the table.'
'ed would hate to admit it, but he could've kissed the old bastard for that.'
'if he said he wanted to settle the debt on his own,' 'it would have been a lie.'
reached out for the nearest thing at hand - which happened to be a 15-inch black rubber cock.
he's then proceeded to batter poor smithy to death with it.
because who wants their bank manager to know they tickle arse when he is not paying in cheques!
so how long do you have to wait till you see a return?
so he's gone down the battle cruiser to watch the end of the football game.
no one's watching the custard, so he switches the channel over.
so calm as a coma, picks up the fire extinguisher, walks straight past the jam rolls who were ready for action and plonks it outside the entrance.
he then orders an aristotle of the most ping-pong tiddly in the nuclear sub and switches back to his footer.
i understand if this has come as a bit of a shock.
but let me tell you how this can be resolved by you, the good father.
remember, you do have the luxurious advantage of being able to sustain your son's life.
and you do have a reputation - so i'll choose my words very carefully.
like any cowboys - there'll be a few tools lying around.
when the job's done, we come straight back here and unload.
we wait till it sounds out the right time, then we, jack-in-the-box, look nasty and stuff, cocoon 'em in gaffer tape, nick their van, swap the gear into the new van and bring it all back here.
as long as we're all out of our hiding places quickly, it's the last thing they're gonna expect.
here, ed, are you sure it's a good idea taking this back to yours?
why, it's the only place we can take it, and the last place they're gonna look.
if he wants to get rid of it quick, he'll have to take it.
now look, i've got a race coming up in a minute, so if you'd just be kind enough to...
on the scale of things, you could say it's the mount fucking everest of problems!
and the reason it's such a mon-fucking-struosity of a problem is... you don't have the first idea who did this to us, have you?
after we pay hatchet, this deal puts us up... nearly 200,000 pounds each.
that's not bad for a morning's work, i think you'll agree.
winston there is gonna come along and see if he recognises any of them.
now watch out for these fellas - they've got a bit of an arsenal and they don't mind using it.
and there's no problem with the neighbours - because they're all dead.
and i think, if i get this right, we haven't done anything wrong and we're in the clear.
'but chris had to respect the fact that he was holding 'what appeared to be a pair of loaded shotguns.
'and tom had to respect the fact that they were not loaded.
now if you think that's unfair, you come and pay me a little visit.
but you better be waving a white flag, high and clear so as i can see it.
let's sort the buyers from the spyers, the needy from the greedy and those who trust me from the ones who don't.
if you can't see value here, you're not shopping, you're shoplifting.
'but his real talent lies in cards - 'and gambling with cards.
'bacon could see that his days 'of selling moody goods on street corners are numbered.
'the amount of money has to be 100 grand upwards 'and there's no shortage of punters.
'this is the man who decides whether you can play -
you went out six hours ago to buy a money counter.
you come back with a semi-conscious gloria and a bag of fertiliser.
'lt's not that he's good at cards, 'or even good at counting them.
'lt's that he's good at reading people's reactions 'no matter how subtle.
yeah, four pretty white pieces of paper with your names on.
we got 100,000 bits of paper with the queen's head on.
hold on to your tongue and i'll hold on to my patience.
no one in here but card players tonight - no one.
three 3s are highest, then three aces, then running down accordingly.
then it's a running flush, a run, a flush and then a pair.
i know your friends are responsible for most of the cash... so i'm gonna give you one week to find it.
otherwise i will take a finger of each of you and your friends' hands for every day that passes without payment.
'harry would start sizing up all their fingers in a week.
'he knew there was no way ed could settle that debt alone.
you send back the cheque for 25 pound from the other company name -
"arse ticklers faggots fan club" - saying we're sorry, we couldn't get supplies from america - they ran out of stock.
he might look a bit silly, but he's a fucking lunatic.
if he gets an inkling we're not throwing straight dice, you and me are gonna know what the sharp side of a kebab knife feels like.
soap, if you have a better idea how to get £500,000 in the next few days, let us know.
in the meantime, tom, talk to nick the bubble about shifting the weed.
he knows claret is imminent, but he doesn't want to miss the game.
calm as a coma, picks up the fire extinguisher, walks past the jam rolls ready for action and plonks it outside the entrance.
like any cowboys - there'll be a few tools lying around.
when the job's done, we come straight back here and unload.
look nasty and stuff, cocoon 'em in gaffer tape, nick their van, swap the gear into the new van and bring it back here.
as long as we're out of our hiding places quickly, it's the last thing you'd expect.
look, i've got a race coming up, so if you'd be kind enough...
lenny, take that round to snow white and the three little chemists.
then i want every slag this side of ceylon pulled in and tortured...badly.
i want to know who's responsible for this, otherwise i hold you responsible.
and there's no problem with the neighbours - they're all dead.
and i think, if i get this right, we haven't done anything wrong and we're in the clear.
right, let's sort the buyers from the spyers, the needy from the greedy, and those who trust me from the ones who don't.
because if you can't see value here today, you're not up here shopping, you're up here shoplifting.
"too late, too late!" will be the cry when the man with the bargains has passed you by.
and if you've got no money on you now, you'll be crying tears as big as october cabbages.
ed can hustle a few quid here and there, but his real talent lies in cards and gambling with cards.
bacon could see that his days of selling moody goods on street corners are numbered.
now come on, let me feel the fiber of your fabric.
the skinny one is tom, and he's the entrepreneur of the bunch.
he's got a couple of dirty little fingers in a couple of dirty little pies.
nick, here, however, has made it his business to have all 20 fat little fingers and toes in every dirty bent and stolen pie in london.
the amount of money involved has to be 100 grand upwards, and there's no shortage of punters.
the man who decides whether you can play or not is this man, harry.
so what's the point in having it if we're not gonna fucking use it?
well, i would have used it, winston, but this is willie.
the problem is, willie, that charles and yourself are not the quickest of cats at the best of times.
so just do as i say and keep the fucking cage locked!
he's got over a monkey here, and that's just in his wallet.
fucking hell, john, you always walk around with that in your pocket?
it's not that he's good with cards or even good at counting them.
it's that he's good with reading people's reactions, no matter how subtle.
you know, four pretty white pieces of paper with your names on them?
well, we've got 100,000 bits of paper with the queen's head on them.
- hold on to your fucking tongue, and i will hold onto my patience, okay, sonny?
no one in here tonight but card players, and i do mean no one.
then it's a running flush, a run, a flush and then a pair.
an open man can't see a blind man, and it will cost you twice the ante to see your opponent.
harry was going to start sizing up all their fingers in a week, because he knew there was no way ed could settle that debt on his own.
harry saw it as their money on the table, so it was also their debt off the table.
ed would hate admit it, but he could have kissed the old bastard for that.
if he said he wanted to settle the debt on his own, it would have been a lie.
that's a snip for the amount of pleasure they're gonna give the recipients.
but they send their checks to the other company name, nothing offensive, bobbie's bits, or something, for 25 quid.
because who wants their bank manager to know they tickle arse when they're not paying in checks?
so how long do you have to wait till you see the return?
he might look a bit silly, but he's a fucking lunatic.
and if he gets the slightest inkling we're not throwing straight dice, then you and me are gonna know what the sharp side of a kebab knife feels like.
soap, if you have a better idea how to get £500,000 in the next few days, let us know.
in the meantime, tom, you talk to nick the bubble about shifting the weed.
rory knows claret is imminent, but doesn't wanna miss the end of the game.
so calm as a coma, picks up a fire extinguisher, walks straight past the jam rolls who are ready for action and plonks it outside the entrance.
so we find a good place to hide next door, we wait till it sounds like the right time, then we jack-in-the-box, look nasty and stuff, cocoon them in gaffer tape, nick their van, swap the gear into the new van and bring it all back here.
as long as we're all out of our hiding places quickly, it's the last thing they're gonna expect.
i've got a race coming up in a minute, so if you'd just be kind enough to...
lenny, take that round to snow white and the three little chemists.
in fact, it's a little bit more than a little bit of a problem, isn't it?
on a scale of things, you could say it's the mount fucking everest of problems.
and there's no problem with the neighbors, because they're all dead.
and i think, if i get this right... we haven't done anything wrong, and we're in the clear.
now this was an embarrassing position for tom to be in.
but chris had to respect the fact that he was holding what appeared to be a pair of loaded shotguns.
and they're hardly likely to trace them back to us, are they?
do you really think it's worth taking the risk for £700?
the skinny one is tom, and he's the entrepreneur of the bunch.
he's got a couple of dirty little fingers in a couple of dirty little pies.
nick, here, however, has made it his business to have all 20 fat little fingers and toes in every dirty bent and stolen pie in london.
between the two of them, there ain't much you can't get ahold of.
soap is called soap because he likes to keep his hands clean of any unlawful behavior.
he's proud of his job and even more proud that it's legal.
it's not easy to take a seat at this card table.
the amount of money involved has to be 100 grand upwards, and there's no shortage of punters.
the man who decides whether you can play or not is this man, harry.
or as some, including himself, like to call him, hatchet harry.
ed has been playing cards since he could lift them up, and he soon discovered that he had a big advantage.
it's not that he's good with cards or even good at counting them.
that means three three's are the highest, then three aces, then running down accordingly.
then it's a running flush, a run, a flush and then a pair.
i am trying to find out where they keep their money!
you twat, can't you see these people have got no money?
otherwise, i will take a finger off each of you and your friends' hands for every day that passes without payment.
and then when you run out of digits, your dad's bar, and who knows what then.
he then proceeded to explain the unfortunate position they were in.
harry was going to start sizing up all their fingers in a week, because he knew there was no way ed could settle that debt on his own.
harry saw it as their money on the table, so it was also their debt off the table.
ed would hate admit it, but he could have kissed the old bastard for that.
if he said he wanted to settle the debt on his own, it would have been a lie.
now, i wish to christ he would have let me settle the debt on my own.
harry's lost his rag, reached out for the nearest thing at hand, which happened to be a 15-inch black rubber cock.
he then proceeded to batter poor smithy to death with it.
but they send their checks to the other company name, nothing offensive, bobbie's bits, or something, for 25 quid.
you take that 25 quid, you stick it in the bank until it clears.
he's gone down the battle cruiser to watch the end of a football game.
no one's watching the custard, so he switches the channel over.
so calm as a coma, picks up a fire extinguisher, walks straight past the jam rolls who are ready for action and plonks it outside the entrance.
he then orders an aristotle of the most ping-pong tiddly in the nuclear sub and switches back to his footer.
i don't want to blow the arse out of this country, granted.
but i don't want anyone blowing a raspberry at me, either.
remember, you do have the luxurious advantage of being able to sustain your son's life.
and you do have a reputation, so i'll choose my words very carefully.
but like any cowboys, there'll be a few tools lying around.
when the job's done, we come straight back here and unload.
as long as we're all out of our hiding places quickly, it's the last thing they're gonna expect.
oh, and if tom or anyone else for that matter feels like giving them a bit of a kicking,
are you sure it's a good idea taking this back to yours?
well, it's the only place we can take it, and it's the last place they're gonna look.
you said 3.5 a key, and you know that's a good price.
it was yesterday i said three and a half, and now it's today if i'm not mistaken.
on a scale of things, you could say it's the mount fucking everest of problems.
and the reason it's such a mon-fucking-strosity of a problem is, you don't even got a first idea who did this to us, have you?
well, he can afford to do the deal at the price we're selling.
it's not worth him giving us any trouble, because he knows we'll be a pain in the arse, and who needs a pain in the arse?
after we pay hatchet, this deal puts us up nearly £200,000 each.
that's not bad for a morning's work, i think you'll agree.
and i think, if i get this right, we haven't done anything wrong, and we're in the clear.
never ever has anyone ever been as fucking rude to me as you did!
but chris had to respect the fact that he was holding what appeared to be a pair of loaded shotguns.
and tom had to respect the fact that they were not loaded.
so the traffic warden identified the neighbors' bodies, which sort of puts us in the clear.
the only thing connecting us with the case is those shotguns.
it seemed hatchet underestimated you lot, and it seems to have cost him.
well, i ain't gonna make the same mistake now, am i?
now if you think that's unfair, you come and pay me a little visit.
but you better be waving a white flag high and clear, so as i can see it.
right, let's sort the buyers from the spyers, the needy from the greedy, and those who trust me from the ones who don't.
because if you can't see value here today, you're not up here shopping, you're up here shoplifting.
"too late, too late!" will be the cry when the man with the bargains has passed you by.
and if you've got no money on you now, you'll be crying tears as big as october cabbages.
ed can hustle a few quid here and there, but his real talent lies in cards and gambling with cards.
bacon could see that his days of selling moody goods on street corners are numbered.
now come on, let me feel the fiber of your fabric.
the skinny one is tom, and he's the entrepreneur of the bunch.
he's got a couple of dirty little fingers in a couple of dirty little pies.
nick, here, however, has made it his business to have all 20 fat little fingers and toes in every dirty bent and stolen pie in london.
the amount of money involved has to be 100 grand upwards, and there's no shortage of punters.
the man who decides whether you can play or not is this man, harry.
so what's the point in having it if we're not gonna fucking use it?
well, i would have used it, winston, but this is willie.
the problem is, willie, that charles and yourself are not the quickest of cats at the best of times.
so just do as i say and keep the fucking cage locked!
he's got over a monkey here, and that's just in his wallet.
fucking hell, john, you always walk around with that in your pocket?
it's not that he's good with cards or even good at counting them.
it's that he's good with reading people's reactions, no matter how subtle.
you know, four pretty white pieces of paper with your names on them?
well, we've got 100,000 bits of paper with the queen's head on them.
- hold on to your fucking tongue, and i will hold onto my patience, okay, sonny?
no one in here tonight but card players, and i do mean no one.
then it's a running flush, a run, a flush and then a pair.
an open man can't see a blind man, and it will cost you twice the ante to see your opponent.
harry was going to start sizing up all their fingers in a week, because he knew there was no way ed could settle that debt on his own.
harry saw it as their money on the table, so it was also their debt off the table.
ed would hate admit it, but he could have kissed the old bastard for that.
if he said he wanted to settle the debt on his own, it would have been a lie.
that's a snip for the amount of pleasure they're gonna give the recipients.
but they send their checks to the other company name, nothing offensive, bobbie's bits, or something, for 25 quid.
because who wants their bank manager to know they tickle arse when they're not paying in checks?
so how long do you have to wait till you see the return?
he might look a bit silly, but he's a fucking lunatic.
and if he gets the slightest inkling we're not throwing straight dice, then you and me are gonna know what the sharp side of a kebab knife feels like.
soap, if you have a better idea how to get £500,000 in the next few days, let us know.
in the meantime, tom, you talk to nick the bubble about shifting the weed.
rory knows claret is imminent, but doesn't wanna miss the end of the game.
so calm as a coma, picks up a fire extinguisher, walks straight past the jam rolls who are ready for action and plonks it outside the entrance.
so we find a good place to hide next door, we wait till it sounds like the right time, then we jack-in-the-box, look nasty and stuff, cocoon them in gaffer tape, nick their van, swap the gear into the new van and bring it all back here.
as long as we're all out of our hiding places quickly, it's the last thing they're gonna expect.
i've got a race coming up in a minute, so if you'd just be kind enough to...
lenny, take that round to snow white and the three little chemists.
in fact, it's a little bit more than a little bit of a problem, isn't it?
on a scale of things, you could say it's the mount fucking everest of problems.
and there's no problem with the neighbors, because they're all dead.
and i think, if i get this right... we haven't done anything wrong, and we're in the clear.
now this was an embarrassing position for tom to be in.
but chris had to respect the fact that he was holding what appeared to be a pair of loaded shotguns.
and they're hardly likely to trace them back to us, are they?
do you really think it's worth taking the risk for £700?
three of any kind is the highest, but the odds are 450-1 against getting any three.
then there's a running flush, all the same suit, all in order,
"too late" will be the cry when the bargains pass you by.
if you've no money on you, you'll cry tears big as october cabbages.
hold on to your tongue and i'll hold on to my patience.
no one in here tonight but card players - no one.
put big chris on a job and he will get it done no matter what.
his dad used to collect debts, and his dad before that.
all right, but we are in the soup here and this is a silver spoon.
and it's not as if we've got all the time in the world.
soap, if you have a better idea how to get 500,000 in the next few days, let us know.
in the meantime, tom, talk to nick the bubble about shifting the weed.
now, jd is a better player but harry is a shit and a cheat.
this game went on for two days, until your dad lost everything.
harry starts laughin', cheering', doin' a little jig and he turns jd's cards over.
jd by this time is cryin' proper tears, this is next to pathetic.
not any more than your mom and i can keep you.
he's gonna go back to the world he came from one day.
in africa, they say that when you give someone a name... ... they become your responsibility.
a proper name should capture the most important qualities... ... and point them towards a certain kind of life.
as he became part of our daily lives... ... he got to know everything around the farm.
and i think he started to feel like it was his place too.
mom and i took care of the farm while dad was in hospital.
the doctor said he recovered really well... ... and that everything was going to be okay.
you know, your cheetah he will not live long out there.
for what he would be worth, you know you could build a house.
do you know how he got those black lines on his face?
they say it's to stop the glare from the sun during the day while they hunt.
i was taking duma home, but he took me somewhere too.
finding duma's true home brought me back to mine... ... and showed me that love doesn't stop when time passes... ... or you live in different places, or somebody's gone.
"too late, too late" will be the cry... when the man with the bargains has passed you by.
if you've got no money on you now... you'll be crying tears as big as october cabbages.
the skinny one is tom... and he's the entrepreneur of the bunch.
he's got a couple of dirty little fingers... in a couple of dirty little pies.
nick here, however, has made it his business... to have all twenty fat little fingers and toes... in every dirty bent and stolen pie in london.
between the two of them... there ain't much you can't get ahold of.
the amount of money involved has to be 100 grand upwards... and there's no shortage of punters.
the man who decides whether you can play or not... is this man...
he's got over a monkey here, and that's just in his wallet.
fucking hell, john... you always walk around with that in your pocket?
it seems lord appleton smythe has run out of money... and these little beauties are up for auction.
but i'm not paying a quarter of a million quid for them... if you know what i mean, barry.
it's not that he's good with cards... or even good at counting them.
it's that he's good with reading peoples' reactions... no matter how subtle.
hold on to your fucking tongue... and i will hold on to my patience, ok, sonny?
no one in here tonight but card players... and i do mean no one.
then it's a running flush, a run, a flush, and then a pair.
an open man can't see a blind man... and it will cost you twice the ante to see your opponent.
otherwise, i will take a finger... off each of you and your friends' hands... for every day that passes without payment.
and then when you run out of digits... your dad's bar, and who knows what then.
he then proceeded to explain... the unfortunate position they were in.
harry was going to start... sizing up all their fingers in a week... because he knew there was no way...
ed would hate to admit it... but he could have kissed the old bastard for that.
if he said he wanted to settle the debt on his own... it would have been a lie.
you open up a company... called "ass ticklers faggots fan club."
you take out an advert... in the back page of some gay mag... advertising the latest in ass-intruding dildos.
that's a snip for the amount of pleasure... they're going to give the recipients.
but they send their checks... to the other company name, nothing offensive...
i don't normally have anything to do with weed, nick... but if it is what he says it is...
i'll take it off him for three and a half grand a key.
rory's roger iron rusted... so he's gone down the battle cruiser... to watch the end of a football game.
no one's watching the custard, so he switches the channel over.
rory knows claret is imminent... but he doesn't want to miss the end of the game... so calm as a coma... picks up a fire extinguisher... walks straight past the jam rolls... who were ready for action... and plunks it outside the entrance.
he then orders an aristotle... of the most ping-pong tiddly in the nuclear sub... and switches back to his footer.
remember, you do have the luxurious advantage... of being able to sustain your son's life.
and you do have a reputation... so i choose my words very carefully.
once he's got himself set, he gets the rest of us in.
now we get nasty with a couple of them... shoot them up, gag them, whatever.
these wankers shouldn't give us any problems... but like any cowboys... there will be a few tools lying around.
when the job's done... we come straight back here and unload... and robert's your father's brother.
as long as we're all out of our hiding places quickly... it's the last thing they're going to expect.
oh, and if tom or anyone else, for that matter... feels like giving them a bit of a kicking...
a little bit of pain never hurt anybody... if you know what i mean.
also, i think knives are a good idea... big fuck-off shiny ones... ones that look like they could skin a crocodile.
if he wants to get rid of it quick, he'll have to take it.
look, i've got a race coming up, so if you'd be kind enough...
winston there is gonna come along and see if he recognises any of them.
watch out for these fellas - they've got a bit of an arsenal and they don't mind using it.
and there's no problem with the neighbours - they're all dead.
and i think, if i get this right, we haven't done anything wrong and we're in the clear.
right, let's sort the buyers from the spyers, the needy from the greedy and those who trust me from the ones who don't.
because if you can't see value here today, you're not up here shopping, you're up here shoplifting.
it's no good standing out there like one o'clock half struck.
my own you'd better buy'em, these are not stolen - they just haven't been paid for, and we can't get them again, they've changed the bloody locks
will be the cry when the man with the bargains has passed you by.
if you've got no money on you now, you'll crying tears as big as october cabbages.
seems... well, this seems to be a waste of my time.
that is 900 nicker in any shop you're lucky enough to find one in and you're complaining about 200?
'he's got a couple of dirty little fingers' 'in a couple of dirty little pies.'
'nick, here, however, has made it his business' 'to have all 20 fat little fingers and toes' 'in every dirty, bent and stolen pie in london.'
'the amount of money involved has to be 100 grand upwards' 'and there's no shortage of punters.'
'the man who decides whether you can play or not is this man -'
you went out six hours ago to buy a money counter.
and you come back with a semi-conscious gloria and a bag of fertiliser ?
'ed has been playing cards since he could lift 'em up.'
'and he soon discovered that he had a big advantage.' 'lt's not that he's good with cards,' 'or even good at counting them.' 'lt's that he's good with reading people's reactions'
that means three 3s are the highest, then three aces, then running down accordingly.
then it's a running flush, a run, a flush and then a pair.
i know your friends are responsible for most of the cash... so i'm gonna give you one week to find it.
otherwise i will take a finger of each of you and your friends' hands for every day that passes without payment.
'harry was going to start sizing up all their fingers in a week.
'because he knew there was no way ed could settle that debt on his own.'
'harry saw it as their money on the table,' 'so it was also their debt off the table.'
'ed would hate to admit it, but he could've kissed the old bastard for that.' 'lf he said he wanted to settle the debt on his own,' 'it would have been a lie.'
reached out for the nearest thing at hand - which happened to be a 15-inch black rubber cock.
he's then proceeded to batter poor smithy to death with it.
he might look a bit silly, but he's a fucking lunatic.
if he gets the slightest inkling we're not throwing straight dice, you and me are gonna know what the sharp side of a kebab knife feels like.
soap, if you have a better idea how to get £500,000 in the next few days, let us know.
in the meantime, tom, you talk to nick the bubble about shifting the weed.
rory knows claret is imminent, but he doesn't want to miss the end of the game.
so calm as a coma, picks up the fire extinguisher, walks straight past the jam rolls who were ready for action and plonks it outside the entrance.
all right, once he's got himself set, he gets the rest of us in.
now we'll get nasty with a couple of'em, shit 'em up, ok, or whatever.
look nasty and stuff, cocoon 'em in gaffer tape, nick their van, swap the gear into the new van and bring it all back here.
as long as we're all out of our hiding places quickly, it's the last thing they're gonna expect.
here, ed, are you sure it's a good idea taking this back to yours?
why, it's the only place we can take it, and the last place they're gonna look.
if he wants to get rid of it quick, he'll have to take it.
now look, i've got a race coming up in a minute, so if you'd just be kind enough to...
on the scale of things, you could say it's the mount fucking everest of problems!
and the reason it's such a mon-fucking-struosity of a problem is... you don't have the first idea who did this to us, have you?
after we pay hatchet, this deal puts us up... nearly 200,000 pounds each.
that's not bad for a morning's work, i think you'll agree.
winston there is gonna come along and see if he recognises any of them.
now watch out for these fellas - they've got a bit of an arsenal and they don't mind using it.
and there's no problem with the neighbours - because they're all dead.
and i think, if i get this right, we haven't done anything wrong and we're in the clear.
'but chris had to respect the fact that he was holding 'what appeared to be a pair of loaded shotguns.
'and tom had to respect the fact that they were not loaded.
and they're hardly likely to trace 'em back to us, are they?
do you really think it's worth taking the the risk for £700?
three of any kind is the highest, but the odds are 450-1 against getting any three.
then there's a running flush, all the same suit, all in order, then a straight and a flush and a pair, and finally, whatever the highest card you've got.
"too late" will be the cry when the bargains pass you by.
if you've no money on you, you'll cry tears big as 0ctober cabbages.
'he's got a couple of dirty fingers 'in a couple of dirty pies.
'nick, however, has made it his business 'to have all 20 fat fingers and toes 'in every dirty, bent and stolen pie in london.'
'it's not easy to take a seat at this card table.
'the amount of money has to be 100 grand upwards 'and there's no shortage of punters.
the problem is, willie, charles and yourself are not the quickest cats at the best of times.
so do as i say and keep the fucking cage locked!
yeah, four pretty white pieces of paper with your names on.
we got 100,000 bits of paper with the queen's head on.
hold on to your tongue and i'll hold on to my patience.
no one in here tonight but card players - no one.
i know your friends are responsible for most of the cash... so i'm gonna give you one week to find it.
0therwise i will take a finger off each of you and your friends' hands for every day that passes without payment.
'harry would start sizing up all their fingers in a week.
'he knew there was no way ed could settle that debt alone.
you send back the cheque for 25 pound from the other company name -
"arse ticklers faggots fan club" - saying we're sorry, we couldn't get supplies from america - they ran out of stock.
if he gets an inkling we're not throwing straight dice, we're gonna know what the sharp side of a kebab knife feels like.
yeah, but we're in this for the cash however it comes.
i've heard some stupid fuckin' ideas but yours makes bacon's sound inspired.
[plank] they ponce around in hippy clothes all day talking bollocks - they're just good at growing weed.
put big chris on a job and he will get it done no matter what.
his dad used to collect debts, and his dad before that.
all right, but we are in the soup here and this is a silver spoon.
and it's not as if we've got all the time in the world.
soap, if you have a better idea how to get £500,000 in the next few days, let us know.
in the meantime, tom, talk to nick the bubble about shifting the weed.
calm as a coma, picks up the fire extinguisher, walks past the jam rolls ready for action and plonks it outside the entrance.
he orders an aristotle of the most ping-pong tiddly in the nuclear sub and switches back to his footer.
remember, you have the luxurious advantage of being able to sustain your son's life.
you do have a reputation - so i'll choose my words very carefully.
like any cowboys - there'll be a few tools lying around.
when the job's done, we come straight back here and unload.
a good few years ago, your dad and harry played brag together.
now, jd is a better player but harry is a shit and a cheat.
he wanted to put your dad deep in debt, so he plays on and on until the stakes are a joke.
harry's got some scam goin' on, wants to put jd in trouble for years.
jd by this time is cryin' proper tears, this is next to pathetic.
we see the cards, he's got three threes, the best possible cards!
we wait till it's the right time, then jack-in-the-box, look nasty and stuff, cocoon 'em in gaffer tape, nick their van, swap the gear into the new van and bring it back.
as long as we're out of our hiding places quickly, it's the last thing you'd expect.
look, i've got a race coming up, so if you'd be kind enough...
lenny, take that round to snow white and the three little chemists.
then i want every slag this side of ceylon pulled in and tortured...badly.
i want to know who's responsible for this, otherwise i hold you responsible.
football, music, money, and the annihilation of anyone who interferes with those.
you couldn't have known my position, 'cause you're not that stupid that if you did, you wouldn't have turned up here scratching your arse, with that "what's going on" look on your chevy chase.
winston there is gonna come along and see if he recognises any of them.
watch out for these fellas - they've got a bit of an arsenal and they don't mind using it.
and there's no problem with the neighbours - they're all dead.
and i think, if i get this right, we haven't done anything wrong and we're in the clear.
she says "a oner", he says "all right," takes her off.
says "all right, clothes off, get on the bed," she lays down, dwarf opens the suitcase and pulls out four springs, puts one on each hand and foot, bounces over and gets on top of her, boing,
bouncin' up and down, boing boing, gives her the best shag she's ever had, he's on her for two hours, and it's the best fuck she's ever had.
she's like, "that was amazing, the best fuck i've ever had.
"too late" will be the cry when the bargains pass you by.
if you've no money on you, you'll cry tears big as october cabbages.
'he's got a couple of dirty fingers 'in a couple of dirty pies.
'nick, however, has made it his business 'to have all 20 fat fingers and toes 'in every dirty, bent and stolen pie in london.'
'lt's not easy to take a seat at this card table.
'the amount of money has to be 100 grand upwards 'and there's no shortage of punters.
the problem is, willie, charles and yourself are not the quickest cats at the best of times.
so do as i say and keep the fucking cage locked!
i know your friends are responsible for most of the cash... so i'm gonna give you one week to find it.
otherwise i will take a finger of each of you and your friends' hands for every day that passes without payment.
'harry would start sizing up all their fingers in a week.
'he knew there was no way ed could settle that debt alone.
you send back the cheque for 25 pound from the other company name -
"arse ticklers faggots fan club" - saying we're sorry, we couldn't get supplies from america - they ran out of stock.
he might look a bit silly, but he's a fucking lunatic.
if he gets an inkling we're not throwing straight dice, you and me are gonna know what the sharp side of a kebab knife feels like.
soap, if you have a better idea how to get £500,000 in the next few days, let us know.
in the meantime, tom, talk to nick the bubble about shifting the weed.
he knows claret is imminent, but he doesn't want to miss the game.
calm as a coma, picks up the fire extinguisher, walks past the jam rolls ready for action and plonks it outside the entrance.
like any cowboys - there'll be a few tools lying around.
when the job's done, we come straight back here and unload.
look nasty and stuff, cocoon 'em in gaffer tape, nick their van, swap the gear into the new van and bring it back here.
as long as we're out of our hiding places quickly, it's the last thing you'd expect.
look, i've got a race coming up, so if you'd be kind enough...
lenny, take that round to snow white and the three little chemists.
then i want every slag this side of ceylon pulled in and tortured...badly.
i want to know who's responsible for this, otherwise i hold you responsible.
and there's no problem with the neighbours - they're all dead.
and i think, if i get this right, we haven't done anything wrong and we're in the clear.
let's sort the buyers from the spyers and those who trust me from the ones who don't.
if you can't see value here, you're not shopping, you're shoplifting.
'but his real talent lies in cards - 'and gambling with cards.
'bacon could see that his days 'of selling moody goods on street corners are numbered.
'the amount of money has to be 100 grand upwards 'and there's no shortage of punters.
'this is the man who decides whether you can play -
you went out six hours ago to buy a money counter.
you come back with a semi-conscious gloria and a bag of fertiliser.
yeah, four pretty white pieces of paper with your names on.
we got 100,000 bits of paper with the queen's head on.
hold on to your tongue and i'll hold on to my patience.
no one in here but card players tonight - no one.
i know your friends are responsible for most of the cash... so i'm gonna give you one week to find it.
otherwise i will take a finger of each of you and your friends' hands for every day that passes without payment.
'harry would start sizing up all their fingers in a week.
'he knew there was no way ed could settle that debt alone.
you send back the cheque for 25 pound from the other company name -
"arse ticklers faggots fan club" - saying we're sorry, we couldn't get supplies from america - they ran out of stock.
he might look a bit silly, but he's a fucking lunatic.
if he gets an inkling we're not throwing straight dice, you and me are gonna know what the sharp side of a kebab knife feels like.
calm as a coma, picks up the fire extinguisher, walks past the jam rolls ready for action and plonks it outside the entrance.
he orders an aristotle of the most ping-pong tiddly in the nuclear sub and switches back to his footer.
we wait till it's the right time, then jack-in-the-box, look nasty and stuff, cocoon 'em in gaffer tape, nick their van, swap the gear into the new van and bring it back here.
as long as we're out of our hiding places quickly, it's the last thing you'd expect.
look, i've got a race coming up, so if you'd be kind enough...
lenny, take that round to snow white and the three little chemists.
then i want every slag this side of ceylon pulled in and tortured...badly.
i want to know who's responsible for this, otherwise i hold you responsible.
winston there is gonna come along and see if he recognises any of them.
watch out for these fellas - they've got a bit of an arsenal and they don't mind using it.
and there's no problem with the neighbours - they're all dead.
and i think, if i get this right, we haven't done anything wrong and we're in the clear.
# this old house is too small now, now, now ##
right, let's sort the buyers from the spyers, the needy from the greedy, and those who trust me from the ones who don't.
the skinny one is tom, and he's the entrepreneur of the bunch.
he's got a couple of dirty little fingers in a couple of dirty little pies.
nick, here, however, has made it his business to have all 20 fat little fingers and toes in every dirty bent and stolen pie in london.
between the two of them, there ain't much you can't get ahold of.
soap is called soap because he likes to keep his hands clean of any unlawful behavior.
he's proud of his job and even more proud that it's legal.
the amount of money involved has to be 100 grand upwards, and there's no shortage of punters.
the man who decides whether you can play or not is this man, harry.
so what's the point in having it if we're not gonna fucking use it?
well, i would have used it, winston, but this is willie.
the problem is, willie, that charles and yourself are not the quickest of cats at the best of times.
so just do as i say and keep the fucking cage locked!
ed has been playing cards since he could lift them up, and he soon discovered that he had a big advantage.
it's not that he's good with cards or even good at counting them.
that means three three's are the highest, then three aces, then running down accordingly.
then it's a running flush, a run, a flush and then a pair.
i am trying to find out where they keep their money!
you twat, can't you see these people have got no money?
harry was going to start sizing up all their fingers in a week, because he knew there was no way ed could settle that debt on his own.
harry saw it as their money on the table, so it was also their debt off the table.
ed would hate admit it, but he could have kissed the old bastard for that.
if he said he wanted to settle the debt on his own, it would have been a lie.
that's a snip for the amount of pleasure they're gonna give the recipients.
but they send their checks to the other company name, nothing offensive, bobbie's bits, or something, for 25 quid.
because who wants their bank manager to know they tickle arse when they're not paying in checks?
so how long do you have to wait till you see the return?
he might look a bit silly, but he's a fucking lunatic.
and if he gets the slightest inkling we're not throwing straight dice, then you and me are gonna know what the sharp side of a kebab knife feels like.
he's gone down the battle cruiser to watch the end of a football game.
no one's watching the custard, so he switches the channel over.
so calm as a coma, picks up a fire extinguisher, walks straight past the jam rolls who are ready for action and plonks it outside the entrance.
he then orders an aristotle of the most ping-pong tiddly in the nuclear sub and switches back to his footer.
i don't want to blow the arse out of this country, granted.
but i don't want anyone blowing a raspberry at me, either.
remember, you do have the luxurious advantage of being able to sustain your son's life.
and you do have a reputation, so i'll choose my words very carefully.
but like any cowboys, there'll be a few tools lying around.
when the job's done, we come straight back here and unload.
as long as we're all out of our hiding places quickly, it's the last thing they're gonna expect.
oh, and if tom or anyone else for that matter feels like giving them a bit of a kicking,
i've got a race coming up in a minute, so if you'd just be kind enough to...
lenny, take that round to snow white and the three little chemists.
in fact, it's a little bit more than a little bit of a problem, isn't it?
on a scale of things, you could say it's the mount fucking everest of problems.
and there's no problem with the neighbors, because they're all dead.
and i think, if i get this right, we haven't done anything wrong, and we're in the clear.
now this was an embarrassing position for tom to be in.
but chris had to respect the fact that he was holding what appeared to be a pair of loaded shotguns.
it seemed hatchet underestimated you lot, and it seems to have cost him.
well, i ain't gonna make the same mistake now, am i?
now if you think that's unfair, you come and pay me a little visit.
but you better be waving a white flag high and clear, so as i can see it.
right, let's sort the buyers from the spyers, the needy from the greedy, and those who trust me from the ones who don't.
because if you can't see value here today, you're not up here shopping, you're up here shoplifting.
ed can hustle a few quid here and there, but his real talent lies in cards and gambling with cards.
bacon could see that his days of selling moody goods on street corners are numbered.
the skinny one is tom, and he's the entrepreneur of the bunch.
he's got a couple of dirty little fingers in a couple of dirty little pies.
nick, here, however, has made it his business to have all 20 fat little fingers and toes in every dirty bent and stolen pie in london.
between the two of them, there ain't much you can't get ahold of.
the amount of money involved has to be 100 grand upwards, and there's no shortage of punters.
the man who decides whether you can play or not is this man, harry.
so what's the point in having it if we're not gonna fucking use it?
well, i would have used it, winston, but this is willie.
the problem is, willie, that charles and yourself are not the quickest of cats at the best of times.
so just do as i say and keep the fucking cage locked!
ed has been playing cards since he could lift them up, and he soon discovered that he had a big advantage.
it's not that he's good with cards or even good at counting them.
you know, four pretty white pieces of paper with your names on them?
well, we've got 100,000 bits of paper with the queen's head on them.
hold on to your fucking tongue, and i will hold onto my patience, okay, sonny?
no one in here tonight but card players, and i do mean no one.
that means three three's are the highest, then three aces, then running down accordingly.
then it's a running flush, a run, a flush and then a pair.
otherwise, i will take a finger off each of you and your friends' hands for every day that passes without payment.
and then when you run out of digits, your dad's bar, and who knows what then.
harry was going to start sizing up all their fingers in a week, because he knew there was no way ed could settle that debt on his own.
harry saw it as their money on the table, so it was also their debt off the table.
ed would hate admit it, but he could have kissed the old bastard for that.
if he said he wanted to settle the debt on his own, it would have been a lie.
harry's lost his rag, reached out for the nearest thing at hand, which happened to be a 15-inch black rubber cock.
he then proceeded to batter poor smithy to death with it.
but they send their checks to the other company name, nothing offensive, bobbie's bits, or something, for 25 quid.
you take that 25 quid, you stick it in the bank until it clears.
he might look a bit silly, but he's a fucking lunatic.
and if he gets the slightest inkling we're not throwing straight dice, then you and me are gonna know what the sharp side of a kebab knife feels like.
rory knows claret is imminent, but doesn't wanna miss the end of the game.
so calm as a coma, picks up a fire extinguisher, walks straight past the jam rolls who are ready for action and plonks it outside the entrance.
i don't want to blow the arse out of this country, granted.
but i don't want anyone blowing a raspberry at me, either.
all right, once he's got himself set, he gets the rest of us in.
(feedback screeching) now we get nasty with a couple of them.
but like any cowboys, there'll be a few tools lying around.
when the job's done, we come straight back here and unload.
so we find a good place to hide next door, we wait till it sounds like the right time, then we jack-in-the-box, look nasty and stuff, cocoon them in gaffer tape, nick their van, swap the gear into the new van and bring it all back here.
as long as we're all out of our hiding places quickly, it's the last thing they're gonna expect.
are you sure it's a good idea taking this back to yours?
well, it's the only place we can take it, and it's the last place they're gonna look.
you said 3.5 a key, and you know that's a good price.
it was yesterday i said three and a half, and now it's today if i'm not mistaken.
on a scale of things, you could say it's the mount fucking everest of problems.
and the reason it's such a mon-fucking-strosity of a problem is, you don't even got a first idea who did this to us, have you?
well, he can afford to do the deal at the price we're selling.
it's not worth him giving us any trouble, because he knows we'll be a pain in the arse, and who needs a pain in the arse?
after we pay hatchet, this deal puts us up nearly £200,000 each.
that's not bad for a morning's work, i think you'll agree.
but chris had to respect the fact that he was holding what appeared to be a pair of loaded shotguns.
and tom had to respect the fact that they were not loaded.
"too late" will be the cry when the bargains pass you by.
if you've no money on you, you'll cry tears big as october cabbages.
'he's got a couple of dirty fingers 'in a couple of dirty pies.
'nick, however, has made it his business 'to have all 20 fat fingers and toes 'in every dirty, bent and stolen pie in london.'
'lt's not easy to take a seat at this card table.
'the amount of money has to be 100 grand upwards 'and there's no shortage of punters.
the problem is, willie, charles and yourself are not the quickest cats at the best of times.
so do as i say and keep the fucking cage locked!
i know your friends are responsible for most of the cash... so i'm gonna give you one week to find it.
otherwise i will take a finger of each of you and your friends' hands for every day that passes without payment.
'harry would start sizing up all their fingers in a week.
'he knew there was no way ed could settle that debt alone.
you send back the cheque for 25 pound from the other company name -
"arse ticklers faggots fan club" - saying we're sorry, we couldn't get supplies from america - they ran out of stock.
he might look a bit silly, but he's a fucking lunatic.
if he gets an inkling we're not throwing straight dice, you and me are gonna know what the sharp side of a kebab knife feels like.
soap, if you have a better idea how to get £500,000 in the next few days, let us know.
in the meantime, tom, talk to nick the bubble about shifting the weed.
he knows claret is imminent, but he doesn't want to miss the game.
calm as a coma, picks up the fire extinguisher, walks past the jam rolls ready for action and plonks it outside the entrance.
like any cowboys - there'll be a few tools lying around.
when the job's done, we come straight back here and unload.
look nasty and stuff, cocoon 'em in gaffer tape, nick their van, swap the gear into the new van and bring it back here.
as long as we're out of our hiding places quickly, it's the last thing you'd expect.
look, i've got a race coming up, so if you'd be kind enough...
lenny, take that round to snow white and the three little chemists.
then i want every slag this side of ceylon pulled in and tortured...badly.
i want to know who's responsible for this, otherwise i hold you responsible.
and there's no problem with the neighbours - they're all dead.
and i think, if i get this right, we haven't done anything wrong and we're in the clear.
'but his real talent lies in cards - 'and gambling with cards.
'bacon could see that his days 'of selling moody goods on street corners are numbered.
'the amount of money has to be 100 grand upwards 'and there's no shortage of punters.
'this is the man who decides whether you can play -
you went out six hours ago to buy a money counter.
you come back with a semi-conscious gloria and a bag of fertiliser.
'lt's not that he's good at cards, 'or even good at counting them.
'lt's that he's good at reading people's reactions 'no matter how subtle.
yeah, four pretty white pieces of paper with your names on.
we got 100,000 bits of paper with the queen's head on.
hold on to your tongue and i'll hold on to my patience.
no one in here but card players tonight - no one.
three 3s are highest, then three aces, then running down accordingly.
then it's a running flush, a run, a flush and then a pair.
otherwise i will take a finger of each of you and your friends' hands for every day that passes without payment.
when you've run out of digits - your dad's bar, and who knows what then.
'he knew there was no way ed could settle that debt alone.
'harry saw it as their money on the table, 'so it was their debt off the table.
reached out for the nearest thing at hand - which happened to be a 15-inch black rubber cock.
he then proceeded to batter poor smithy to death with it.
calm as a coma, picks up the fire extinguisher, walks past the jam rolls ready for action and plonks it outside the entrance.
he orders an aristotle of the most ping-pong tiddly in the nuclear sub and switches back to his footer.
remember, you have the luxurious advantage of being able to sustain your son's life.
you do have a reputation - so i'll choose my words very carefully.
as long as we're out of our hiding places quickly, it's the last thing you'd expect.
if tom or anyone else feels like giving 'em a kicking,
ed, are you sure it's a good idea taking this back to yours?
it's the only place we can, and the last place they'll look.
if he wants to get rid of it quick, he'll have to take it.
look, i've got a race coming up, so if you'd be kind enough...
winston there is gonna come along and see if he recognises any of them.
watch out for these fellas - they've got a bit of an arsenal and they don't mind using it.
and i think, if i get this right, we haven't done anything wrong and we're in the clear.
never ever... has anyone been as fucking rude... ..to me as you!
'but chris had to respect the fact that he was holding 'what appeared to be a pair of loaded shotguns.
'tom had to respect the fact that they were not loaded.
right, let's sort the buyers from the spyers, the needy from the greedy and those who trust me from the ones who don't.
because if you can't see value here today, you're not up here shopping, you're up here shoplifting.
it's no good standing out there like one o'clock half struck.
my own you'd better buy'em, these are not stolen - they just haven't been paid for, and we can't get them again, they've changed the bloody locks
will be the cry when the man with the bargains has passed you by.
if you've got no money on you now, you'll crying tears as big as october cabbages.
you could choke a dozen donkeys on that, and you're haggling over 100 pound.
what d'you do when you're not buying stereos, nick, finance revolutions?
'nick, here, however, has made it his business' 'to have all 20 fat little fingers and toes' 'in every dirty, bent and stolen pie in london. '
'between the two of them, there ain't much you can't get hold of. '
'soap is called soap 'because he likes to keep his hands clean of any unlawful behaviour. '
'he's proud of his job and even more proud that it's legal. '
'it's not easy to take a seat at this card table. '
'the amount of money involved has to be 100 grand upwards' 'and there's no shortage of punters. '
the problem is, willie, that charles and yourself are not the quickest of cats at the best of times.
so do as i say and keep the fucking cage locked!
he's got over a monkey, and that's just in his wallet!
fuckin' hell, john, you always walk round with that in your pocket?
'ed has been playing cards since he could lift 'em up. '
'and he soon discovered that he had a big advantage. '
'it's not that he's good with cards,' 'or even good at counting them. '
'it's that he's good with reading people's reactions' 'no matter how subtle. '
yeah, invitations, you know, four pretty white pieces of paper with your names on.
we got 100,000 bits of paper with the queen's head on.
hold on to your fuckin' tongue and i'll hold on to my patience, ok, sonny?
no one in here tonight but card players and i do mean: no one.
otherwise i will take a finger of each of you and your friends' hands for every day that passes without payment.
and then when you've run out of digits - your dad's bar, and who knows what then.
'he then proceeded to explain the unfortunate position they were in. '
'harry was going to start sizing up all their fingers in a week.
'because he knew there was no way ed could settle that debt on his own. '
'harry saw it as their money on the table,' 'so it was also their debt off the table. '
'ed would hate to admit it, but he could've kissed the old bastard for that. '
'if he said he wanted to settle the debt on his own,' 'it would have been a lie. '
reached out for the nearest thing at hand - which happened to be a 15-inch black rubber cock.
he's then proceeded to batter poor smithy to death with it.
because who wants their bank manager to know they tickle arse when he is not paying in cheques!
so how long do you have to wait till you see a return?
so he's gone down the battle cruiser to watch the end of the football game.
no one's watching the custard, so he switches the channel over.
so calm as a coma, picks up the fire extinguisher, walks straight past the jam rolls who were ready for action and plonks it outside the entrance.
he then orders an aristotle of the most ping-pong tiddly in the nuclear sub and switches back to his footer.
i understand if this has come as a bit of a shock.
but let me tell you how this can be resolved by you, the good father.
remember, you do have the luxurious advantage of being able to sustain your son's life.
and you do have a reputation - so i'll choose my words very carefully.
like any cowboys - there'll be a few tools lying around.
when the job's done, we come straight back here and unload.
we wait till it sounds out the right time, then we, jack-in-the-box, look nasty and stuff, cocoon 'em in gaffer tape, nick their van, swap the gear into the new van and bring it all back here.
as long as we're all out of our hiding places quickly, it's the last thing they're gonna expect.
here, ed, are you sure it's a good idea taking this back to yours?
why, it's the only place we can take it, and the last place they're gonna look.
if he wants to get rid of it quick, he'll have to take it.
now look, i've got a race coming up in a minute, so if you'd just be kind enough to...
fucking guns, we've got to get the fucking guns or we're dead!
.. so i made sure i fucked the one that was coughing.
and there's no problem with the neighbours - because they're all dead.
and i think, if i get this right, we haven't done anything wrong and we're in the clear.
'but chris had to respect the fact that he was holding 'what appeared to be a pair of loaded shotguns.
'and tom had to respect the fact that they were not loaded.
and they're hardly likely to trace 'em back to us, are they?
do you really think it's worth taking the the risk for £700?
# and i'll be good to you oh, yes, i will...
right, let's sort the buyers from the spyers, the needy from the greedy, and those who trust me from the ones who don't.
the skinny one is tom, and he's the entrepreneur of the bunch.
he's got a couple of dirty little fingers in a couple of dirty little pies.
nick, here, however, has made it his business to have all 20 fat little fingers and toes in every dirty bent and stolen pie in london.
between the two of them, there ain't much you can't get ahold of.
soap is called soap because he likes to keep his hands clean of any unlawful behavior.
he's proud of his job and even more proud that it's legal.
it's not easy to take a seat at this card table.
the amount of money involved has to be 100 grand upwards, and there's no shortage of punters.
the man who decides whether you can play or not is this man, harry.
or as some, including himself, like to call him, hatchet harry.
ed has been playing cards since he could lift them up, and he soon discovered that he had a big advantage.
it's not that he's good with cards or even good at counting them.
that means three three's are the highest, then three aces, then running down accordingly.
then it's a running flush, a run, a flush and then a pair.
i am trying to find out where they keep their money!
you twat, can't you see these people have got no money?
otherwise, i will take a finger off each of you and your friends' hands for every day that passes without payment.
and then when you run out of digits, your dad's bar, and who knows what then.
he then proceeded to explain the unfortunate position they were in.
harry was going to start sizing up all their fingers in a week, because he knew there was no way ed could settle that debt on his own.
harry saw it as their money on the table, so it was also their debt off the table.
ed would hate admit it, but he could have kissed the old bastard for that.
if he said he wanted to settle the debt on his own, it would have been a lie.
now, i wish to christ he would have let me settle the debt on my own.
harry's lost his rag, reached out for the nearest thing at hand, which happened to be a 15-inch black rubber cock.
he then proceeded to batter poor smithy to death with it.
but they send their checks to the other company name, nothing offensive, bobbie's bits, or something, for 25 quid.
you take that 25 quid, you stick it in the bank until it clears.
he's gone down the battle cruiser to watch the end of a football game.
no one's watching the custard, so he switches the channel over.
so calm as a coma, picks up a fire extinguisher, walks straight past the jam rolls who are ready for action and plonks it outside the entrance.
he then orders an aristotle of the most ping-pong tiddly in the nuclear sub and switches back to his footer.
i don't want to blow the arse out of this country, granted.
but i don't want anyone blowing a raspberry at me, either.
remember, you do have the luxurious advantage of being able to sustain your son's life.
and you do have a reputation, so i'll choose my words very carefully.
but like any cowboys, there'll be a few tools lying around.
when the job's done, we come straight back here and unload.
as long as we're all out of our hiding places quickly, it's the last thing they're gonna expect.
oh, and if tom or anyone else for that matter feels like giving them a bit of a kicking,
are you sure it's a good idea taking this back to yours?
well, it's the only place we can take it, and it's the last place they're gonna look.
you said 3.5 a key, and you know that's a good price.
it was yesterday i said three and a half, and now it's today if i'm not mistaken.
on a scale of things, you could say it's the mount fucking everest of problems.
and the reason it's such a mon-fucking-strosity of a problem is, you don't even got a first idea who did this to us, have you?
well, he can afford to do the deal at the price we're selling.
it's not worth him giving us any trouble, because he knows we'll be a pain in the arse, and who needs a pain in the arse?
after we pay hatchet, this deal puts us up nearly £200,000 each.
that's not bad for a morning's work, i think you'll agree.
and i think, if i get this right... we haven't done anything wrong, and we're in the clear.
never ever has anyone ever... been as fucking rude to me... as you did!
but chris had to respect the fact that he was holding what appeared to be a pair of loaded shotguns.
and tom had to respect the fact that they were not loaded.
so the traffic warden identified the neighbors' bodies, which sort of puts us in the clear.
the only thing connecting us with the case is those shotguns.
it seemed hatchet underestimated you lot... and it seems to have cost him.
well, i ain't gonna make the same mistake now, am i?
now if you think that's unfair, you come and pay me a little visit.
but you better be waving a white flag high and clear, so as i can see it.
right, let's sort the buyers from the spyers, the needy from the greedy, and those who trust me from the ones who don't.
because if you can't see value here today, you're not up here shopping, you're up here shoplifting.
ed can hustle a few quid here and there, but his real talent lies in cards and gambling with cards.
bacon could see that his days of selling moody goods on street corners are numbered.
the skinny one is tom, and he's the entrepreneur of the bunch.
he's got a couple of dirty little fingers in a couple of dirty little pies.
nick, here, however, has made it his business to have all 20 fat little fingers and toes in every dirty bent and stolen pie in london.
between the two of them, there ain't much you can't get ahold of.
the amount of money involved has to be 100 grand upwards, and there's no shortage of punters.
the man who decides whether you can play or not is this man, harry.
so what's the point in having it if we're not gonna fucking use it?
well, i would have used it, winston, but this is willie.
the problem is, willie, that charles and yourself are not the quickest of cats at the best of times.
so just do as i say and keep the fucking cage locked !
ed has been playing cards since he could lift them up, and he soon discovered that he had a big advantage.
it's not that he's good with cards or even good at counting them.
you know, four pretty white pieces of paper with your names on them?
well, we've got 100,000 bits of paper with the queen's head on them.
hold on to your fucking tongue, and i will hold onto my patience, okay, sonny?
no one in here tonight but card players, and i do mean no one.
that means three three's are the highest, then three aces, then running down accordingly.
then it's a running flush, a run, a flush and then a pair.
otherwise, i will take a finger off each of you and your friends' hands for every day that passes without payment.
and then when you run out of digits, your dad's bar, and who knows what then.
harry was going to start sizing up all their fingers in a week, because he knew there was no way ed could settle that debt on his own.
harry saw it as their money on the table, so it was also their debt off the table.
ed would hate admit it, but he could have kissed the old bastard for that.
if he said he wanted to settle the debt on his own, it would have been a lie.
harry's lost his rag, reached out for the nearest thing at hand, which happened to be a 15-inch black rubber cock.
he then proceeded to batter poor smithy to death with it.
that's a snip for the amount of pleasure they're gonna give the recipients.
but they send their checks to the other company name, nothing offensive, bobbie's bits, or something, for 25 quid.
because who wants their bank manager to know they tickle arse when they're not paying in checks?
so how long do you have to wait till you see the return?
soap, if you have a better idea how to get £500,000 in the next few days, let us know.
in the meantime, tom, you talk to nick the bubble about shifting the weed.
rory knows claret is imminent, but doesn't wanna miss the end of the game.
so calm as a coma, picks up a fire extinguisher, walks straight past the jam rolls who are ready for action and plonks it outside the entrance.
i don't want to blow the arse out of this country, granted.
but i don't want anyone blowing a raspberry at me, either.
all right, once he's got himself set, he gets the rest of us in.
(feedback screeching) now we get nasty with a couple of them.
but like any cowboys, there'll be a few tools lying around.
when the job's done, we come straight back here and unload.
so we find a good place to hide next door, we wait till it sounds like the right time, then we jack-in-the-box, look nasty and stuff, cocoon them in gaffer tape, nick their van, swap the gear into the new van and bring it all back here.
as long as we're all out of our hiding places quickly, it's the last thing they're gonna expect.
well, perhaps i can't, plank, if you know what i mean.
look. lf you could just open the door, so i could talk without shouting.
are you sure it's a good idea taking this back to yours?
well, it's the only place we can take it, and it's the last place they're gonna look.
you said 3.5 a key, and you know that's a good price.
it was yesterday i said three and a half, and now it's today if i'm not mistaken.
on a scale of things, you could say it's the mount fucking everest of problems.
and the reason it's such a mon-fucking-strosity of a problem is, you don't even got a first idea who did this to us, have you?
and there's no problem with the neighbors, because they're all dead.
and i think, if i get this right, we haven't done anything wrong, and we're in the clear.
now this was an embarrassing position for tom to be in.
but chris had to respect the fact that he was holding what appeared to be a pair of loaded shotguns.
so the traffic warden identified the neighbors' bodies, which sort of puts us in the clear.
the only thing connecting us with the case is those shotguns.
and they're hardly likely to trace them back to us, are they?
do you really think it's worth taking the risk for £700?
it seemed hatchet underestimated you lot, and it seems to have cost him.
well, i ain't gonna make the same mistake now, am i?
now if you think that's unfair, you come and pay me a little visit.
but you better be waving a white flag high and clear, so as i can see it.
three of any kind is the highest, but the odds are 450-1 against getting any three.
then there's a running flush, all the same suit, all in order, then a straight and a flush and a pair, and finally, whatever the highest card you've got.
"too late" will be the cry when the bargains pass you by.
if you've no money on you, you'll cry tears big as 0ctober cabbages.
'he's got a couple of dirty fingers 'in a couple of dirty pies.
'nick, however, has made it his business 'to have all 20 fat fingers and toes 'in every dirty, bent and stolen pie in london.'
'it's not easy to take a seat at this card table.
'the amount of money has to be 100 grand upwards 'and there's no shortage of punters.
you went out six hours ago to buy a money counter.
you come back with a semi-conscious gloria and a bag of fertiliser.
'it's not that he's good at cards, 'or even good at counting them.
'it's that he's good at reading people's reactions 'no matter how subtle.
three 3s are highest, then three aces, then running down accordingly.
then it's a running flush, a run, a flush and then a pair.
0therwise i will take a finger off each of you and your friends' hands for every day that passes without payment.
when you've run out of digits - your dad's bar, and who knows what then.
'he knew there was no way ed could settle that debt alone.
'harry saw it as their money on the table, 'so it was their debt off the table.
reached out for the nearest thing at hand - which happened to be a 15-inch black rubber cock.
he then proceeded to batter poor smithy to death with it.
he might look a bit silly, but he's a fucking lunatic.
if he gets an inkling we're not throwing straight dice, we're gonna know what the sharp side of a kebab knife feels like.
i've heard some stupid fuckin' ideas but yours makes bacon's sound inspired.
[plank) they ponce around in hippy clothes all day talking bollocks - they're just good at growing weed.
put big chris on a job and he will get it done no matter what.
his dad used to collect debts, and his dad before that.
all right, but we are in the soup here and this is a silver spoon.
and it's not as if we've got all the time in the world.
soap, if you have a better idea how to get £500,000 in the next few days, let us know.
in the meantime, tom, talk to nick the bubble about shifting the weed.
calm as a coma, picks up the fire extinguisher, walks past the jam rolls ready for action and plonks it outside the entrance.
he orders an aristotle of the most ping-pong tiddly in the nuclear sub and switches back to his footer.
remember, you have the luxurious advantage of being able to sustain your son's life.
you do have a reputation - so i'll choose my words very carefully.
like any cowboys - there'll be a few tools lying around.
when the job's done, we come straight back here and unload.
a good few years ago, your dad and harry played brag together.
now, jd is a better player but harry is a shit and a cheat.
he wanted to put your dad deep in debt, so he plays on and on until the stakes are a joke.
harry's got some scam goin' on, wants to put jd in trouble for years.
jd by this time is cryin' proper tears, this is next to pathetic.
we see the cards, he's got three threes, the best possible cards!
we wait till it's the right time, then jack-in-the-box, look nasty and stuff, cocoon 'em in gaffer tape, nick their van, swap the gear into the new van and bring it back.
as long as we're out of our hiding places quickly, it's the last thing you'd expect.
three of any kind is the highest, but the odds are 450-1 against getting any three.
then there's a running flush, all the same suit, all in order, then a straight and a flush and a pair, and finally, whatever the highest card you've got.
"too late" will be the cry when the bargains pass you by.
if you've no money on you, you'll cry tears big as october cabbages.
'he's got a couple of dirty fingers 'in a couple of dirty pies.
'nick, however, has made it his business 'to have all 20 fat fingers and toes 'in every dirty, bent and stolen pie in london. '
'it's not easy to take a seat at this card table.
'the amount of money has to be 100 grand upwards 'and there's no shortage of punters.
you went out six hours ago to buy a money counter.
you come back with a semi-conscious gloria and a bag of fertiliser.
i know your friends are responsible for most of the cash... so i'm gonna give you one week to find it.
otherwise i will take a finger off each of you and your friends' hands for every day that passes without payment.
'harry would start sizing up all their fingers in a week.
'he knew there was no way ed could settle that debt alone.
he might look a bit silly, but he's a fucking lunatic.
if he gets an inkling we're not throwing straight dice, we're gonna know what the sharp side of a kebab knife feels like.
straight as an arrow and strong as the bow that fired it.
if you dropped a tenner, he'd search till he found you.
soap, if you have a better idea how to get £500,000 in the next few days, let us know.
in the meantime, tom, talk to nick the bubble about shifting the weed.
calm as a coma, picks up the fire extinguisher, walks past the jam rolls ready for action and plonks it outside the entrance.
he orders an aristotle of the most ping-pong tiddly in the nuclear sub and switches back to his footer.
like any cowboys - there'll be a few tools lying around.
when the job's done, we come straight back here and unload.
a good few years ago, your dad and harry played brag together.
now, jd is a better player but harry is a shit and a cheat.
he wanted to put your dad deep in debt, so he plays on and on until the stakes are a joke.
harry's got some scam goin' on, wants to put jd in trouble for years.
jd by this time is cryin' proper tears, this is next to pathetic.
we see the cards, he's got three threes, the best possible cards!
as long as we're out of our hiding places quickly, it's the last thing you'd expect.
if tom or anyone else feels like giving 'em a kicking,
ed, are you sure it's a good idea taking this back to yours?
it's the only place we can, and the last place they'll look.
if he wants to get rid of it quick, he'll have to take it.
look, i've got a race coming up, so if you'd be kind enough...
and there's no problem with the neighbours - they're all dead.
and i think, if i get this right, we haven't done anything wrong and we're in the clear.
she says "a oner", he says "all right," takes her off.
says "all right, clothes off, get on the bed," she lays down, dwarf opens the suitcase and pulls out four springs, puts one on each hand and foot, bounces over and gets on top of her, boing,
bouncin' up and down, boing boing, gives her the best shag she's ever had, he's on her for two hours, and it's the best fuck she's ever had.
she's like, "that was amazing, the best fuck i've ever had.
'but his real talent lies in cards - 'and gambling with cards.
'bacon could see that his days 'of selling moody goods on street corners are numbered.
'the amount of money has to be 100 grand upwards 'and there's no shortage of punters.
'this is the man who decides whether you can play -
you went out six hours ago to buy a money counter.
you come back with a semi-conscious gloria and a bag of fertiliser.
'lt's not that he's good at cards, 'or even good at counting them.
'lt's that he's good at reading people's reactions 'no matter how subtle.
yeah, four pretty white pieces of paper with your names on.
we got 100,000 bits of paper with the queen's head on.
hold on to your tongue and i'll hold on to my patience.
no one in here but card players tonight - no one.
three 3s are highest, then three aces, then running down accordingly.
then it's a running flush, a run, a flush and then a pair.
otherwise i will take a finger of each of you and your friends' hands for every day that passes without payment.
when you've run out of digits - your dad's bar, and who knows what then.
'he knew there was no way ed could settle that debt alone.
'harry saw it as their money on the table, 'so it was their debt off the table.
reached out for the nearest thing at hand - which happened to be a 15-inch black rubber cock.
he then proceeded to batter poor smithy to death with it.
calm as a coma, picks up the fire extinguisher, walks past the jam rolls ready for action and plonks it outside the entrance.
he orders an aristotle of the most ping-pong tiddly in the nuclear sub and switches back to his footer.
remember, you have the luxurious advantage of being able to sustain your son's life.
you do have a reputation - so i'll choose my words very carefully.
as long as we're out of our hiding places quickly, it's the last thing you'd expect.
if tom or anyone else feels like giving 'em a kicking,
ed, are you sure it's a good idea taking this back to yours?
it's the only place we can, and the last place they'll look.
if he wants to get rid of it quick, he'll have to take it.
look, i've got a race coming up, so if you'd be kind enough...
winston there is gonna come along and see if he recognises any of them.
watch out for these fellas - they've got a bit of an arsenal and they don't mind using it.
and i think, if i get this right, we haven't done anything wrong and we're in the clear.
never ever... has anyone been as fucking rude... ..to me as you!
'but chris had to respect the fact that he was holding 'what appeared to be a pair of loaded shotguns.
'tom had to respect the fact that they were not loaded.
imagine what you'll be capable of once the isokinetic cannon is integrated into your defensive systems.
one projectile can penetrate the shields of any heavily- armored vessel.
shall i consider my privileges restricted and confine myself to the cargo bay?
i think we've established that traditional disciplinary actions don't work with you.
and it's not as though i don't understand your feelings about kovin.
there have been a few times when i'd have liked to pop him in the nose myself, but you have to start learning the difference between having an impulse and acting on it.
i understand the burden you carry-- constantly being obligated to deal with those who fall short of excellence.
i often find my own patience being tested by someone like mr. kovin.
of course, i generally respond with a devastating quip rather than a left hook.
we must both accept the fact that very few life- forms will ever meet our high standards.
i wasn't, but in the absence of a ship's counselor, i've been developing a psychiatric subroutine to add to my program.
i'll be even more valuable to you than i am now.
a jungian therapist would attempt to retrieve unconscious memories by exploring synchronicities in recent events.
on the other hand, amanin of betazed would argue that a combination of sensory isolation and focused breathing techniques would be more effective.
first, putting you at ease by performing the treatment here in your own environment.
once the cortical probes have reinforced the neural pathways, i'll use a directed imagery technique to guide you through the regression.
i wouldn't mind carrying one of these the next time we run into the hirogen.
the targeting mechanism could be augmented with a thermal guidance sensor.
i certainly hope you intend to hold kovin responsible for what he's done.
first, i want to know how much of her story we can corroborate.
clearly, mr. kovin used some artificial means to suppress her memory of the event.
that would explain the unusual engramatic activity i found in her neurological scans.
no, but we must remember that she's experienced hallucinatory images before.
that was in direct response to a signal from the ship where she was assimilated.
in the wrong hands, a single nanoprobe could lead to disaster.
doctor, i want you to keep searching for any physical evidence to back up seven's claim.
you're going to have to begin accepting the fact that your human feelings exist and that suppressing them can damage you.
if i am not aware of these feelings, how can i express them?
the fact that he's running shows that he's got something to hide.
until we find out what that is, we can't risk letting him go.
the strongest evidence so far is the nanoprobes the doctor found.
the fact that they were regenerated suggests that kovin was experimenting with them.
we don't know a great deal about the interaction between nanoprobes and borg physiology.
it might be worthwhile to simulate the effect of the rifle blast on seven's arm and see what happens to the nanoprobes.
we've configured this hypospray to simulate the energy of a thoron blast.
we'll collect thin layers of your skin tissue and examine the effects.
are regenerating in exactly the same pattern we saw in kovin's laboratory.
it appears to be a spontaneous response which could have been caused by the energy released from the thoron weapon.
and we can't ignore the fact that this evidence supports kovin's story... and not yours.
you were the one who helped me to understand what happened and now you're denying it.
seven, no one's abandoning you, but we have to do what's right.
we have to find kovin and tell him what we learned.
i fancied myself a psychologist, a ship's counselor, but i wasn't prepared for the complexities that come with such a responsibility.
in my enthusiasm to help seven of nine, i lost my medical objectivity.
imagine what you'll be capable of once the isokinetic cannon is integrated into your defensive systems.
one projectile can penetrate the shields of any heavily- armored vessel.
shall i consider my privileges restricted and confine myself to the cargo bay?
i think we've established that traditional disciplinary actions don't work with you.
and it's not as though i don't understand your feelings about kovin.
there have been a few times when i'd have liked to pop him in the nose myself, but you have to start learning the difference between having an impulse and acting on it.
i understand the burden you carry-- constantly being obligated to deal with those who fall short of excellence.
i often find my own patience being tested by someone like mr. kovin.
of course, i generally respond with a devastating quip rather than a left hook.
we must both accept the fact that very few life- forms will ever meet our high standards.
i wasn't, but in the absence of a ship's counselor, i've been developing a psychiatric subroutine to add to my program.
i'll be even more valuable to you than i am now.
a jungian therapist would attempt to retrieve unconscious memories by exploring synchronicities in recent events.
on the other hand, amanin of betazed would argue that a combination of sensory isolation and focused breathing techniques would be more effective.
first, putting you at ease by performing the treatment here in your own environment.
once the cortical probes have reinforced the neural pathways, i'll use a directed imagery technique to guide you through the regression.
i wouldn't mind carrying one of these the next time we run into the hirogen.
the targeting mechanism could be augmented with a thermal guidance sensor.
i certainly hope you intend to hold kovin responsible for what he's done.
first, i want to know how much of her story we can corroborate.
clearly, mr. kovin used some artificial means to suppress her memory of the event.
that would explain the unusual engramatic activity i found in her neurological scans.
no, but we must remember that she's experienced hallucinatory images before.
that was in direct response to a signal from the ship where she was assimilated.
in the wrong hands, a single nanoprobe could lead to disaster.
doctor, i want you to keep searching for any physical evidence to back up seven's claim.
you're going to have to begin accepting the fact that your human feelings exist and that suppressing them can damage you.
if i am not aware of these feelings, how can i express them?
the fact that he's running shows that he's got something to hide.
until we find out what that is, we can't risk letting him go.
the strongest evidence so far is the nanoprobes the doctor found.
the fact that they were regenerated suggests that kovin was experimenting with them.
we don't know a great deal about the interaction between nanoprobes and borg physiology.
it might be worthwhile to simulate the effect of the rifle blast on seven's arm and see what happens to the nanoprobes.
we've configured this hypospray to simulate the energy of a thoron blast.
we'll collect thin layers of your skin tissue and examine the effects.
are regenerating in exactly the same pattern we saw in kovin's laboratory.
it appears to be a spontaneous response which could have been caused by the energy released from the thoron weapon.
and we can't ignore the fact that this evidence supports kovin's story... and not yours.
you were the one who helped me to understand what happened and now you're denying it.
seven, no one's abandoning you, but we have to do what's right.
we have to find kovin and tell him what we learned.
i fancied myself a psychologist, a ship's counselor, but i wasn't prepared for the complexities that come with such a responsibility.
in my enthusiasm to help seven of nine, i lost my medical objectivity.
oh, she said she was feeling dizzy a few days ago.
i thought it was nothing..., ...until last night, when she complained of chest pains.
he journeyed the earth battling the minions of his wicked stepmother, hera, the all-powerful queen of the gods.
but wherever there was evil, wherever an innocent would suffer, there would be...
you know, all a mother wants to do is protect her children from all the pain in the world.
because you love them so much, you hold onto the illusion you can do that.
i don't like what the parthans are doing any more than you do..., ...but i can't take a life in good conscience.
tending the wounded's the best thing i can do to help.
i thought you gave up manhood for a life of medicine.
well, you won't be sayin' that when i'm stitching' your head back on.
my wife and i have a house just over that hill.
this is the first time we haven't been together since we've been married.
a lot of the guys have been saying that if we pull this off, we'll be like heroes.
but what i keep thinking is..., ...what if i make my wife a widow?
far be it for me to pass up a home-cooked meal.
besides, am i gonna miss out on the chance of seeing you?
besides, it's not just death that i have to deal with.
when i save a life, you know..., somebody's son, somebody's daughter..., ...there's nothing more gratifying in the world.
and you, before you go off accusing anybody of being an animal..., ...know that he risked his life to save you.
now, we can sit around and argue about who was here first while guys like us are out there getting killed..., ...or we can put an end to this war.
this belonged to a friend of mine..., ...a kid about my age.
i had to watch him die, mother, to realize you were right.
i have known you since you were a boy, iolaus..., ...and it has been a joy watching you grow into the man you are.
you always made me feel like like part of the family, alcmene.
oh, she said she was feeling dizzy a few days ago.
[ chuckles ] i thought it was nothing, until last night when she complained of chest pains.
the caylans have been our allies since your father was king.
now it's my turn to make sure they don't fight alone.
hercules possessed a strength the world had never seen, a strength surpassed only by the power of his heart.
he journeyed the earth, battling the minions of his wicked stepmother, hera, the all-powerful queen of the gods.
now that you mention it, i'm surprised to see you here.
i don't like what the parthans are doing any more than you do, but i can't take a life in good conscience.
[ sighs ] far be it for me to pass up a home-cooked meal.
besides, am i gonna miss out on the chance of seeing you?
besides, it's not just death that i have to deal with.
when i save a life, you know, somebody's son, somebody's daughter, there's nothing more gratifying in the world.
i admit i was angry when i found out zeus had come to me as amphitryon, but all that went away the day you were born, and, like it or not, i have zeus to thank for blessing me with you.
but if i had one wish for you, son, it would be to have you reconcile with your father.
this belonged to a friend of mine, a kid about my age.
i had to watch him die, mother, to realize you were right.
i have known you since you were a boy, iolaus, and it has been a joy watching you grow into the man you are.
[ sighs ] you always made me feel like-- like part of the family, alcmene.
please, think of these caverns as your home away from home.
when the pressures of life get too much, feel free to come here and relax.
the only reason the human race came to possess humanity and morals was because they believed themselves a superior breed of beast.
the moment they taste the true fear of knowing a far superior breed exists humans act entirely on instinct.
maybe it's only reasonable since you have lived for over 100 years... your way of life is nothing outside of comical.
rem saverem a woman who could only pretend her logic made sense.
if one of these little seeds falls ill the rest of the organism falls ill too.
but i have always believed that the pain that doesn't find the words through which to be expressed is the most cruel one, the deepest.
all the doctors in the vecinity have seen her and nobody can give us a clear diagnostic.
she's been bled, they've given her potions, and they've turned her upside down without success.
most of the time i don't understand what my peers are talking about.
and those brats, as you call them, ask more stimulating questions than yours.
i feel as if you could never fit all that which i feel for him in the letters of that word, should i live a thousand years.
the simple thought that something might happen to him causes me such pain that i think i would die if something should come to pass.
when luck is sorted out some are given the meassures that others will lack all their lives.
even as a child your mother was among the first class.
suddenly, in the region that had always been known for its game, it started to mysteriously vanish.
it was also around then when my brother, until then a boy, i even considered boring because of his dull behaviour, after a horrible accident decided to dedicate his life to the study of "the divine comedy".
feeling the moment, that's the basis of the art of fencing.
this mirror is not here for you to arrange your wild hair.
this mirror is intended to help you feel the line of your body.
so that you can know what your opponent sees when you are there.
one day my father, who was a doctor, was summoned to the garden house.
and since there were no clouds in the sky, i decided to go with him.
what strange alchemy makes it be that one and not another?
what hidden shortcut does a soul take making its way towards ours?
one day your grandparents, matilde and armancia's parents, received a message from new schotland.
they had to spend some months there to set in order the affairs and inheritance of a relative who had just passed away.
and, as it was common then, they left their daughters in the keeping of the abbess in a nearby convent.
i then spotted the opportunity to grow closer to matilde again.
i thought up a naive strategy that, i know, you'll now find ridiculous, but that, back then, i believed ingenious.
every day the nuns came out about 3 o'clock to take a walk over the hill and around the lake where i knew matilde always stopped beside a curiously shaped rock that she had adopted.
that evening i had to go with my father to take care of a smallpox epidemy in a near village and i couldn't leave my daily present.
that messenger, a french gentleman who had sought his fortune in halifax, brought bad news.
but armancia, if you do that, he will stop loving you.
when i was summoned because of a fever that the messenger suffered
though in those days everything seemed to me useless and senseless.
i understood better than ever my brother's insanity that covered him like a protective cloak that i even grew to envy.
and you're so eager to know my humble existence that you dare to wake me up just when i had at last fall asleep.
you still have a lot of life ahead of you to sleep.
you can imagine the first thing i did, though it was the last thing i said i would do, was going to the garden house to give my respects to matilde.
well, i have to ask if you are still as happy as you were.
i realised that i loved her more than ever with a love that was unknown to me.
i would have given anything to bring back her happiness even in another man's arms.
being his father doesn't give you the rights to handle him like this.
i warn you: next time i won't hesitate to denounce you.
and what could i have done? and i'm glad i had the guts.
since then i have nothing to do with anything or anybody.
that very night i burned all my medicine books and i decided not to practise medicine any more.
there wasn't any clouds in the sky that day, or in the days thereafter.
there are clouds like crystal veils and clouds which are heavy like a castle.
clouds that resemble the face of the beloved one and clouds with faces we don't want to remember.
first the egg travels down the fallopian tube to the uterus... where it attaches to the wall.
eric, for god's sakes, that's no language for a woman to hear.
first the egg travels down the fallopian tube to the uterus... where it attaches to the wall.
eric, for god's sakes, that's no language for a woman to hear.
if we were at the beach, you wouldn't even notice me.
if we were at the beach, kelso would be in the water right now.
and it is too late to change your mind about a party now.
so don't think you're getting one or you will be sorely disappointed.
first the egg travels down the fallopian tube to the uterus... where it attaches to the wall.
eric, for god's sakes, that's no language for a woman to hear.
okay, does it bother anybody else... that they live down the track from hooterville?
it bothers me that they bathe in the town water tank.
if we were at the beach, you wouldn't even notice me.
if we were at the beach, kelso would be in the water right now.
and it is too late to change your mind about a party now.
so don't think you're getting one or you will be sorely disappointed.
well, i like to think of this as my conference room.
yeah, it has a more formal atmosphere you know, with the shelves and the furniture.
i'm gonna be out on a street corner, dancing for nickels.
i'll be with the hobos in the trainyard, eating out of a bucket.
newman, i heard that you found a fur coat in a tree.
and, i believe that it belongs to a friend of mine, and i'd like to give it back to him.
a city where a difference between human's has created another world.
as per the police records,... there are many big and small gangs present in mumbai's underworld.
earlier, the boys of this street would call me fatso chandu.
then bhikubhai asked me not to take all this lying down.
he apologized to his wife and asked her if he could buy her a fridge.
his wife refused and said that ram would buy her one.
the problem is not of law and order, but of education.
ours is a huge country with a very vast population... but the literacy level is so low!
vidya, a man brought the cooking gas cylinder in the afternoon.
so i borrowed money from satya and gave it to him.
he said, "call that girl and let her only sing the song!"
he said that she had a melodious voice which would be a great success!
i have made a fool of myself in front of everybody!
guru narayan came to kill me, but bhiku has to remain silent!
if he is thinking about his interests, why can't you do the same?
do you think guru narayan will heed bhau and keep quiet?
we went to extort money from the general manager of mittal stores.
he started arguing, so a gun was placed on his skull and he was shot.
sir, we have not been able to gather much information about him.
we only know that he had joined bhiku mhatre's gang some months back.
- now don't tell me like you did to mother that there was no need to take a ioan and buy it.
i only wanted to see the ring around your finger, so i bought it.
all the candidates contesting against him have been threatened... by the underworld gang to withdraw their nominations.
and we are helpless, as nobody has lodged a formal complaint.
hooliganism is rampant... and our police force is merely watching the spectacle like fools!
i said that we have the information but not the report.
mr. amod, it is unbecoming of you to use such words...
what happens is that we arrest them and they get released later.
and we cannot do a thing because it is the same law which stops us!
i admit the law must have bound your hands many a times.
they feel that all of us are within the reach of the law.
we'll also show them that they are not beyond our reach either!
after that, any policeman will think ten times before cracking down on us.
uncle, amod shukla's death could become a gift of life for us.
due to the killings of two innocent merchants yesterday by the police,... fear has gripped the citizens of mumbai.
the deceased bansilal and haresh mehta were owners of a cloth shop.
when asked why they did not verify, the police had no reply.
this is devnar in front of mumbai mantralaya reporting for zee news.
had there been no businessmen in the car, 2 cops would've been dead today!
it's very easy to sit in the drawing room and give an opinion.
until the system gets rectified, someone will have to clean this filth!
and today, under the prevailing conditions, i am doing that job.
all this is the blackest chapter in mumbai's history of crime.
the city of mumbai, gripped with tension, looked like a police rule.
and the forthcoming election had made the conditions even more serious.
due to the prevalent danger, people were beginning to lose faith... in the hollow system and the nonplussed government.
under such conditions, satya went to see a film with vidya one day.
looking at the massive crowd, i thought we wouldn't get the tickets.
after the incident at the theater, i fear about the future.
bhiku, do you know which were the best days of my life?
but now, the death of the innocents makes a difference to me.
each one of them must have had somebody who used to love them.
a city where a difference between human's has created another world.
as per the police records there are many big and small gangs present in mumbai's underworld.
earlier, the boys of this street would call me fatso chandu.
then bhikubhai asked me not to take all this lying down.
go and tell him that i'll barge into his house and kill him!
if you want to kill him, what's the need to say so?
he's suffering from diarrhea since the time he received the call!
he said, "call that girl and let her only sing the song!"
he said that she had a melodious voice which would be a great success!
he said that henceforth, he'd let her only sing all the film songs.
we went to extort money from the general manager of mittal stores.
he started arguing, so a gun was placed on his skull and he was shot.
marriage isn't the same as duty, that you need a time limit!
don't even think about marriage until you find a suitable match.
he used to sing so well, but he was unable to speak even a word.
i've been trying to call you since so long but you weren't answering.
mr. amod, it is unbecoming of you to use such words...
what happens is that we arrest them and they get released later.
and we cannot do a thing because it is the same law which stops us!
i admit the law must have bound your hands many a times.
they feel that all of us are within the reach of the law.
we'll also show them that they are not beyond our reach either!
after that, any policeman will think ten times before cracking down on us.
uncle, amod shukla's death could become a gift of life for us.
due to the killings of two innocent merchants yesterday by the police fear has gripped the citizens of mumbai.
the deceased bansilal and haresh mehta were owners of a cloth shop.
when asked why they did not verify, the police had no reply.
this is devnar in front of mumbai mantralaya reporting for zee news.
had there been no businessmen in the car, 2 cops would've been dead today!
it's very easy to sit in the drawing room and give an opinion.
and today, under the prevailing conditions, i am doing that job.
khandelkar, listen a religious gathering will be held the day after tomorrow morning...
the way in which they cracked down on the underworld the uproar created, the chaos and shootouts that took place...
all this is the blackest chapter in mumbai's history of crime.
the city of mumbai, gripped with tension, looked like a police rule.
and the forthcoming election had made the conditions even more serious.
the obsession of the cops to unearth the gangsters gone underground victimized some innocent people too.
the human rights organizations held many demonstrations against the police atrocities and demanded that the city be closed.
at the same time, bhau thakurdas jhavle won the election with a landslide majority.
under such conditions, satya went to see a film with vidya one day.
my intention was to nab satya and i didn't want him to flee from there.
you deemed it right to put 1,000 lives in danger for that?
after the incident at the theatre, i fear about the future.
bhiku, do you know which were the best days of my life?
but now, the death of the innocents makes a difference to me.
each one of them must have had somebody who used to love them.
a city where a difference between human's has created another world.
as per the police records there are many big and small gangs present in mumbai's underworld.
if there's no buyer for 3 months, then you'll face a loss of 35 million.
you... and i also know that your building in parel is fully booked.
he apologized to his wife and asked her if he could buy her a fridge.
his wife refused and said that ram would buy her one.
the problem is not of law and order, but of education.
ours is a huge country with a very vast population but the literacy level is so low!
he said, "call that girl and let her only sing the song!"
he said that she had a melodious voice which would be a great success!
i have made a fool of myself in front of everybody!
guru narayan came to kill me, but bhiku has to remain silent!
if he is thinking about his interests, why can't you do the same?
do you think guru narayan will heed bhau and keep quiet?
bullets fired in the midst of children panic has spread among the public.
and we have been evading the issue, saying it's an underworld gang enmity.
we went to extort money from the general manager of mittal stores.
he started arguing, so a gun was placed on his skull and he was shot.
marriage isn't the same as duty, that you need a time limit!
don't even think about marriage until you find a suitable match.
all the candidates contesting against him have been threatened by the underworld gang to withdraw their nominations.
and we are helpless, as nobody has lodged a formal complaint.
hooliganism is rampant and our police force is merely watching the spectacle like fools!
i said that we have the information but not the report.
and we cannot do a thing because it is the same law which stops us!
i admit the law must have bound your hands many a times.
we may or may not kill amod shukla but they are bent on finishing us off.
if we just sit idle, they will chase us like dogs and kill us.
the police say that they felt both of them were gangsters.
when asked why they did not verify, the police had no reply.
it's very easy to sit in the drawing room and give an opinion.
but have you ever thought of the conditions under which we work?
and today, under the prevailing conditions, i am doing that job.
khandelkar, listen a religious gathering will be held the day after tomorrow morning... where the hell are all of you!
the city of mumbai, gripped with tension, looked like a police rule.
and the forthcoming election had made the conditions even more serious.
the obsession of the cops to unearth the gangsters gone underground victimized some innocent people too.
the human rights organizations held many demonstrations against the police atrocities and demanded that the city be closed.
at the same time, bhau thakurdas jhavle won the election with a landslide majority.
under such conditions, satya went to see a film with vidya one day.
my intention was to nab satya and i didn't want him to flee from there.
you deemed it right to put 1,000 lives in danger for that?
after the incident at the theatre, i fear about the future.
bhiku, do you know which were the best days of my life?
but now, the death of the innocents makes a difference to me.
each one of them must have had somebody who used to love them.
as per the police records there are many big and small gangs present in mumbai's underworld.
due to the daily making and breaking of partnerships, internal squabbles... and switching of loyalties, murder, mayhem and shootouts are commonplace.
when you go to someone's house for the first time you don't just go away like this.
he's asking if you have come to live in the house opposite.
then i told the director that he must give a job to this boy as the boy respects me a lot.
the bloody director used to think that he is very smart.
go and tell him that i'll barge into his house and kill him!
if you want to kill him, what's the need to say so?
he said, "call that girl and let her only sing the song!"
he said that she had a melodious voice which would be a great success!
i have made a fool of myself in front of everybody!
guru narayan came to kill me, but bhiku has to remain silent!
if he is thinking about his interests, why can't you do the same?
do you think guru narayan will heed bhau and keep quiet?
sir, we have not been able to gather much information about him.
we only know that he had joined bhiku mhatre's gang some months back.
- now don't tell me like you did to mother that there was no need to take a loan and buy it.
i only wanted to see the ring around your finger, so i bought it.
all the candidates contesting against him have been threatened by the underworld gang to withdraw their nominations.
and we are helpless, as nobody has lodged a formal complaint.
hooliganism is rampant and our police force is merely watching the spectacle like fools!
i said that we have the information but not the report.
what happens is that we arrest them and they get released later.
if they get arrested, then they will operate from inside the jail.
we may or may not kill amod shukla but they are bent on finishing us off.
if we just sit idle, they will chase us like dogs and kill us.
the police say that they felt both of them were gangsters.
when asked why they did not verify, the police had no reply.
it's very easy to sit in the drawing room and give an opinion.
but have you ever thought of the conditions under which we work?
until the system gets rectified, someone will have to clean this filth!
and today, under the prevailing conditions, i am doing that job.
all this is the blackest chapter in mumbai's history of crime.
the city of mumbai, gripped with tension, looked like a police rule.
and the forthcoming election had made the conditions even more serious.
due to the prevalent danger, people were beginning to lose faith in the hollow system and the nonplussed government.
under such conditions, satya went to see a film with vidya one day.
looking at the massive crowd, i thought we wouldn't get the tickets.
my intention was to nab satya and i didn't want him to flee from there.
you deemed it right to put 1,000 lives in danger for that?
after the incident at the theater, i fear about the future.
bhiku, do you know which were the best days of my life?
there's my baby, lost, that's all once i'm beggin' you save her little soul golden years gold whop whop whop
come, get up, my baby last night, they loved you opening doors and pulling some strings angel come, get up, my baby in walked luck, and you looked in time never look back walk tall, act fine
golden years gold whop whop whop come, get up, my baby run for the shadows run for the shadows run for the shadows in these golden years some of these days, and it won't be long gonna drive back down where you once belonged
in the back of a dream car, 20-foot long don't cry, my sweet don't break my heart doin' all right, but you gotta get smart wish upon wish upon day upon day
get up, my baby run for the shadows run for the shadows run for the shadows in these golden years
come, get up, my baby your work study is in the housing office.
now, you go around bashing people's heads in, girls aren't going to think you're cool.
they're going to think you're a steroid freak with a pixie dick and an ass for a brain.
it is imperative you do the required reading, or you shall be lost.
it is imperative you hang on my every word, or you shall be lost.
listen, i'm here on an academic scholarship, and i'm serious when i say i got to study.
and i can't do it when you're distracting me every 2 seconds.
'cause you started something oh, can't you see that ever since we met you've had a hold on me it's this way.
it happens to be true this is a really nice room.
i just wanted to check up on you, make sure your head's still above water.
well, i don't know how well i did on my midterms.
i was distracted, but i'm not gonna do anything but study from here on out.
just remember you have to keep a "b" plus average to keep your scholarship.
mr. z is the guy who's gonna kill himself whether he lives with us or not, so i figure, he might as well live with us so his death won't be in vain.
now, we find him at the mental health clinic, he moves in, he kills himself, and here's you keeping your scholarship, and here's me saying, "flush off, flushles."
we're gonna get kicked out of school before we ever flunk out.
how we gonna figure out who's really nutso and who's just having a bad week?
in the afterlife you could be headed for the serious strife now you make the scene all day but tomorrow there'll be hell to pay bathroom.
in the afterlife you could be headed for the serious strife...
mama gripped onto the milkman's hand and then she finally gave birth
years go by, and still i don't know who shall inherit this earth
cooper's dad was so proud he paid for him to stay in school for another year.
he still had to spend vacations working at the company and he says, if you're stoned enough, scrubbing toilets can be a zen-like experience.
she likes having a boyfriend who's unstable because it gives her inspiration for her creative writing.
buckley eventually left daleman and was arrested for the attempted assassination of bill gates.
kelly broke up with kyle and he spent the rest of the semester in confession.
father, i had my way with myself in the freshman facebook.
we felt sorry for him, plus we figured if he ever got really depressed again, well, we might as well cover our bases, if you know what i mean.
as for cliff, cliff was aboard a party cruise that tragically caught on fire and capsized.
seated in a town on the verge of extinction strumming up the tune alone, i compose a bittersweet ditty about an ex-girlfriend so fuck her and her painful memories?
why tear out my heart for all the world to see?
i'll pack up the car and move to california find a better girlfriend and a catchy melody playing all the cards happy harmony
sweet, sweet love and my blistered feet it ain't easy come away
don't let me hear you say life's taking you nowhere angel come, get up, my baby look at the sky, life's begun the nights are warm, and the days are young come, get up, my baby
there's my baby, lost, that's all once i'm beggin' you save her little soul golden years gold whop whop whop
i'll stick with you, baby for a thousand years nothing's gonna touch you in these golden years
golden years gold whop whop whop come, get up, my baby run for the shadows run for the shadows run for the shadows in these golden years some of these days, and it won't be long gonna drive back down where you once belonged
i believe all the way look at my baby, lost, that's all once i'm beggin' you save her little soul don't lose it.
get up, my baby run for the shadows run for the shadows run for the shadows in these golden years
now, you go around bashing people's heads in, girls aren't going to think you're cool.
they're going to think you're a steroid freak with a pixie dick and an ass for a brain.
it is imperative you do the required reading, or you shall be lost.
it is imperative you hang on my every word, or you shall be lost.
'cause you started something oh, can't you see that ever since we met you've had a hold on me it's this way.
it happens to be true this is a really nice room.
i keep buying your way into these schools, and you keep screwing up.
if you don't pass all of your classes, you're coming home with me, and you're gonna work with me, but not in the office.
it seems you college kids, you have a real knack for going wacko.
they have a rule that if your roommate kills himself, you get straight a's.
i just wanted to check up on you, make sure your head's still above water.
well, i don't know how well i did on my midterms.
i was distracted, but i'm not gonna do anything but study from here on out.
just remember you have to keep a "b" plus average to keep your scholarship.
and these are the scores that i would need to get on my finals in order to keep my scholarship.
and there's no mathematical way that i can get these scores.
we're gonna get kicked out of school before we ever flunk out.
how we gonna figure out who's really nutso and who's just having a bad week?
in the afterlife you could be headed for the serious strife...
now, remember, if he's hanging from his noose, try to act surprised.
years go by, and still i don't know who shall inherit this earth
and no one will know my name until it's on a stone whoa-oa-oa this could be our...
cooper's dad was so proud he paid for him to stay in school for another year.
he still had to spend vacations working at the company and he says, if you're stoned enough, scrubbing toilets can be a zen-like experience.
matt and his band got famous, and his album went straight to the top of the charts.
he even got interviewed on mtv by his hero kurt loder.
as for cliff, cliff was aboard a party cruise that tragically caught on fire and capsized.
he refused to abandon ship, and his body was lost at sea.
burning up the charts sweet simplicity we'll do it in the end
gotta get away maybe we should stay seated in a town on the verge of explosion
i'll pack up the car and move to california find a better girlfriend and a catchy melody playing all the cards happy harmony [new song begins]
sweet, sweet love and my blistered feet it ain't easy come away
yes, it does, but i believe i sent you a printout... and it says:
'a healthy team snack will be provided by parents on a rotating basis.'
i'm sorry... but you do seem to be getting quite upset over what should be a minor issue.
excuse me, but you're the one who's freaking out over a box of pretzels.
mom wants to know how long you're going to leave us in the car.
tell your brother, have you ever seen me back down from anybody?
so the police will question the last person to see him
then they'll know about young-min's convictions, and about the missing wallet
so i've decided to invite my father to this lodge for rest and for some business
no one is to know that he's coming here with her, okay?
mr. jang of the pear orchard has been missing for days
i went up to the lodge today and they acted strange
how greedy can a man be to kill his own sister?
he probably wants to scare her or lock her up someplace
so, if the police find out, they'll ask for the last
and when they do, they'll know about youngmin's convictions... and about the missing wallet.
so i've decided to invite my father to this lodge for and for some business.
no one is to know that my father is coming here with that bitch.
did i tell you about chul-ki, the guy i met in the
he was so good at digging that if you gave him a he would automatically dig his way everywhere.
i went up to the lodge today and the people acted
so, spend the night there and see if you can find
so, if the police find out, they'll ask for the last
and when they do, they'll know about youngmin's convictions... and about the missing wallet.
so i've decided to invite my father to this lodge for and for some business.
no one is to know that my father is coming here with that bitch.
did i tell you about chul-ki, the guy i met in the
he was so good at digging that if you gave him a he would automatically dig his way everywhere.
i went up to the lodge today and the people acted
so, spend the night there and see if you can find
so i've decided to invite my father to this lodge for some business
no one is to know that my father is coming here with that bitch.
sexy or foxy, we give him the next room when he arrives.
that's all we need to do and he'll take care of the rest
so the police will question the last person to see him
then they'll know about young-min's convictions, and about the missing wallet
so i've decided to invite my father to this lodge for rest and for some business
no one is to know that he's coming here with her, okay?
mr. jang of the pear orchard has been missing for days
i went up to the lodge today and they acted strange
how greedy can a man be to kill his own sister?
he probably wants to scare her or lock her up someplace
then they'll know about young-min's convictions, and about the missing wallet
the cops will be all over us, so who'll run the lodge?
he probably wants to scare her or lock her up someplace
he told me that she was a lavish spender, and that she hasn't married and gets around
another north korean spy was found dead in a mountain region
he was dressed in civilian clothes wearing a t-shirt and jump suit
so the police will question the last person to see him
then they'll know about young-min's convictions, and about the missing wallet
so i've decided to invite my father to this lodge for rest and for some business
no one is to know that he's coming here with her, okay?
mr. jang of the pear orchard has been missing for days
i went up to the lodge today and they acted strange
how greedy can a man be to kill his own sister?
he probably wants to scare her or lock her up someplace
they thought she got lost in the snow somewhere and died.
they looked and looked for her, but they never found her body.
they sat shiva in pinsk for the girl who had disappeared.
and everyone went on with their business until one day... just as suddenly as she had disappeared, the girl came back into town.
when she was real old and finally died, baba yitta went up to heaven.
but god didn't want her, so he sent her down to hell.
but when she got there, satan recognized her as his niece.
he couldn't bring himself to make her suffer in hell... so he sent her back up here to our world... where she wanders the earth like cain, alone forever.
i assume you'll be hanging curtains in the living room as well as in the kitchen... which opens up a whole range of choices.
for instance, you could decide on an atmosphere of integration... and unify the space with a single theme... or you could separate the rooms visually.
you walk out of the kitchen and presto, is like you're in another world.
one of us here is completely insane and i think is you.
and i'm supposed to think exalted thoughts in order to sanctify it.
and i'm supposed to enjoy this, i'm supposed to enjoy myself knowing... you're up there thinking about abraham and isaac and the rebbe while...
so if he agrees with his teacher, he's disrespecting his father.
but if he agrees with his father, he's honoring a thief... and in danger of becoming one himself.
but if his father really is a thief... then the boy should keep his nose in his own business... so he doesn't have to judge what he doesn't know about.
hey, those little fingers are gonna get chopped off... if they wander where they don't belong.
i can't tell you what the date on it is, but it is not 1880.
i also think if you check on this stone, you'll find is just a composite... a layer of emerald fused with glass and then backed by foil to give it all that brilliance.
he gave you a mind in order to understand your soul's needs.
and he gave you a tongue in order to express them.
if the desire to hear your soul is strong enough... you'll find the words.
i don't even know where my body ends and my soul begins.
but if i do, it wasn't god who gave it to me.
"in defiance of biblical prophesy... and the holy redemption of the jewish people... through goïs grace alone, boro park's rebbe moishe myerson... has demonstrated that he is little more than a gentile heretic... in the guise of a jew."
for his was a heart that beat not only to maintain the life of one man... it beat to maintain the vital circulation of the entire nation of israel.
and who can even begin to understand... what force could be strong enough to still such a heart?
what kind of a terrible power... could have caused such a tragedy?
when the rebbe's heart stopped beating last night... we lost our own moishe rebbenu... who led us from the depths of the holocaust and reinvigorated an entire...
go into the city three days a week... and pick out only the best pieces you come across.
there should be no more than 30 or 40 pieces in the store at any given time.
three days a week, you stay in the store to sell... but the other three you'll be in the city... on 47th street, all over.
sometimes even out of state for a few days on a special buy.
the days that you're in the city, you can leave shimmie by my wife or by rachel.
- the other days you keep him with you in the store.
so, without telling him why, i asked my father to teach me how to avoid sin.
he told me about his teacher... a tzaddik who kept a notebook in which he recorded all his sins... from the day of his bar mitzvah onward.
but when they opened the notebook, they couldn't believe their eyes.
the first page had not yet even been completely filled up.
if we all wrote down our sins, my father said... we'd be more careful about committing them.
we sin because we're careless and we don't think about it.
normally, mr. horowitz would have come down here and told you all this himself.
but i think he was a little concerned with losing his temper.
the question is, mr. fishbein... whether you think your wife, mrs. fishbein, will like it.
the question is, mrs. horowitz... why a woman as lovely as you... is not wearing any jewelry of her own.
i understand most of the nutrients that can be found in freshly-cooked foods... are absent in microwaveable products.
sounds like you've been reading articles... on a rather wide variety of subjects.
or else you've been getting an earful from your sister rachel.
in which case, i'd thank her to keep her nose out of my affairs.
and when i do is to get a microwave dinner tossed at me like i'm some charity case.
i know i spend my day with my nose stuck in a book... but i'm not a complete idiot when it comes to these things.
give her the fruits of her handiwork... and let her be praised at the gates of heaven for her countless deeds."
sometimes i look at men and wonder... how could god have created... so ugly a creature for woman to cling to.
not surprising if this is the kind of merchandise you showcase.
listen here, mrs. horowitz, i triple check everything i show you.
so, what brings you to my neck of the woods, miss, uh, horowitz?
i found it in a pile of junk kapoor was gonna sell to the melters.
and i don't know from sculpture... but other than a few florentine antiques that passed through my father's store...
i've never seen any jewelry as beautiful as yours in my life.
uh, here's an example... of the designer's work in fine metals.
is 22-carat gold, hand-carved, one-of-a-kind, with an open setting... for a gemstone.
the perfection of this piece is clear, even to the naked eye.
if you can bear to part with these samples, i'd like to show them to my partners.
but around here, thas a hell of a lot more than most people got.
so don't go laughing it off like it ain't shit, all right?
and who's the expert fit to judge whas a healthy environment all of a sudden?
certainly not a woman who leaves her husband and baby at home... while she runs around town having affairs with puerto ricans.
if you don't get out of my way, i'm gonna call the cops.
i'm taking shimmie and i'm going back to muncie to stay by my mother.
and you are not gonna be allowed to destroy it for everyone around you.
for the good of all concerned, you've gotta be cut off.
but for one night, you gave a wife back her husband.
perhaps i sound selfish to you... but you are still young.
is for the best, until i do know where i belong.
i accept your gratitude... for returning to you what should have always been yours.
i've been doing a lot of thinking... about things i never really understood how to think about before.
i know that the pain we caused each other couldn't be helped.
they thought she got lost in the snow somewhere and died.
they looked and looked for her, but they never found her body.
and everyone went on with their business until one day... just as suddenly as she had disappeared, the girl came back into town.
she was also, you know, carrying a baby in her stomach.
but god didn't want her, so he sent her down to hell.
but when she got there, satan recognized her as his niece.
sonia, i know you're still mad at me because i named shimmie after the rebbe.
but he's our first son... and i feel he should be invested with the highest level of spirituality.
so god set out on a journey to find which amongst the nations of the earth... was worthy of receiving his torah.
god went to the goyim in canaan and he asked them...
i assume you'll be hanging curtains in the living room as well as in the kitchen... which opens up a whole range of choices.
for instance, you could decide on an atmosphere of integration... and unify the space with a single theme... or you could separate the rooms visually.
you walk out of the kitchen and presto, it's like you're in another world.
one of us here is completely insane and i think it's you.
and i'm supposed to think exalted thoughts in order to sanctify it.
and i'm supposed to enjoy this, i'm supposed to enjoy myself knowing... you're up there thinking about abraham and isaac and the rebbe while--
so if he agrees with his teacher, he's disrespecting his father.
but if he agrees with his father, he's honoring a thief... and in danger of becoming one himself.
i can't tell you what the date on it is, but it is not 1880.
i also think if you check on this stone, you'll find it's just a composite... a layer of emerald fused with glass and then backed by foil to give it all that brilliance.
i understand your husband is a truly inspired teacher... as well as a great scholar.
filling the hearts of our children with a love of torah... is the greatest mitzvah of all in god's eyes.
and he gave you a tongue in order to express them.
if the desire to hear your soul is strong enough... you'll find the words.
i don't even know where my body ends and my soul begins.
i felt, ever since i was a very young girl... like there was a fire... inside of me.
but if i do, it wasn't god who gave it to me.
[ man #1 ] "ln defiance of biblical prophesy... and the holy redemption of the jewish people... through god's grace alone, boro park's rebbe moishe myerson... has demonstrated that he is little more than a gentile heretic... in the guise of a jew."
[ man ] when the rebbe's heart stopped beating last night... we lost more than just a man.
for his was a heart that beat not only to maintain the life of one man... it beat to maintain the vital circulation of the entire nation of israel.
and who can even begin to understand... what force could be strong enough to still such a heart?
what kind of a terrible power... could have caused such a tragedy?
your analysis of the brooch i showed you last shabbes was right on the money.
i want you to run my store here in boro park.
there should be no more than 30 or 40 pieces in the store at any given time.
three days a week, you stay in the store to sell... but the other three you'll be in the city... on 47th street, all over.
half the mothers in boro park are running cash businesses out of their own basements.
the days that you're in the city, you can leave shimmie by my wife or by rachel.
so, without telling him why, i asked my father to teach me how to avoid sin.
he told me about his teacher... a tzaddik who kept a notebook in which he recorded all his sins... from the day of his bar mitzvah onward.
but when they opened the notebook, they couldn't believe their eyes.
the first page had not yet even been completely filled up.
if we all wrote down our sins, my father said... we'd be more careful about committing them.
we sin because we're careless and we don't think about it.
normally, mr. horowitz would have come down here and told you all this himself.
but i think he was a little concerned with losing his temper.
but the joy of the surprise lasts only a few moments... and then you're at the mercy of his taste.
at least this way you can choose something for yourself... that will give you naches for the rest of your life.
a beautiful combination of cobachon and diamonds laid in a platinum band.
that design won first prize in the spectrum competition last fall.
the question is, mr. fishbein... whether you think your wife, mrs. fishbein, will like it.
the question is, mrs. horowitz... why a woman as lovely as you... is not wearing any jewelry of her own.
sounds like you've been reading articles... on a rather wide variety of subjects.
or else you've been getting an earful from your sister rachel.
and i know that you like it, so i'm glad for you.
but you run out of the house at the crack of dawn. i hardly ever see you.
and when i do it's to get a microwave dinner tossed at me like i'm some charity case.
i know i spend my day with my nose stuck in a book... but i'm not a complete idiot when it comes to these things.
the poor are carjacking the rich ones... and everybody else is sitting on their couches watching the home shopping network.
not surprising if this is the kind of merchandise you showcase.
did god put you on this earth for the purpose of busting my chops?
if you like it, i'll throw it in with the other one.
i've been posing' my naked ass over here for three weekends in a row.
you ain't paid me jack, and now you're turning down her dollars?
so, what brings you to my neck of the woods, miss, uh, horowitz?
i found it in a pile of junk kapoor was gonna sell to the melters.
i am a psychologist, mrs. horowitz, but i'm also a rabbi... uniquely qualified to appreciate the problems afflicting the jewish soul.
which is unique in that it is directly connected to the spirit of the holy one.
and if god happens to be on the other end... well that's just the way it's gonna be.
sonia, sometimes the way you talk, i mean, don't you fear god?
don't you see the kind of suffering that you're asking for?
mendel, my learned husband... we don't suffer because we ask for it.
and if there is, then it's certainly something... that neither you nor you knows anything about.
we bring suffering on ourselves, mrs. horowitz, when we sin against god.
and all their children... who were marched into the gas chambers at treblinka?
my aunt chani who watched her son... tortured in front of her eyes?
and a boldness to the modern flourishes that totally belies that.
it also enhances the appearance of the wearer... without drawing undue attention to itself.
it's 22-carat gold, hand-carved, one-of-a-kind, with an open setting... for a gemstone.
the perfection of this piece is clear, even to the naked eye.
shimmie's gonna stay here by us where he can live in a healthy environment.
and who's the expert fit to judge what's a healthy environment all of a sudden?
but for one night, you gave a wife back her husband.
perhaps i sound selfish to you... but you are still young.
i accept your gratitude... for returning to you what should have always been yours.
but now i'm asking you to help me reclaim what's mine.
i know that the pain we caused each other couldn't be helped.
i am who i am and you are who you are.
they thought she got lost in the snow somewhere and died.
they looked and looked for her, but they never found her body.
and everyone went on with their business until one day... just as suddenly as she had disappeared, the girl came back into town.
she was also, you know, carrying a baby in her stomach.
but god didn't want her, so he sent her down to hell.
but when she got there, satan recognized her as his niece.
sonia, i know you're still mad at me because i named shimmie after the rebbe.
but he's our first son... and i feel he should be invested with the highest level of spirituality.
so god set out on a journey to find which amongst the nations of the earth... was worthy of receiving his torah.
god went to the goyim in canaan and he asked them...
i assume you'll be hanging curtains in the living room as well as in the kitchen... which opens up a whole range of choices.
for instance, you could decide on an atmosphere of integration... and unify the space with a single theme... or you could separate the rooms visually.
you walk out of the kitchen and presto, it's like you're in another world.
one of us here is completely insane and i think it's you.
and i'm supposed to think exalted thoughts in order to sanctify it.
and i'm supposed to enjoy this, i'm supposed to enjoy myself knowing... you're up there thinking about abraham and isaac and the rebbe while--
so if he agrees with his teacher, he's disrespecting his father.
but if he agrees with his father, he's honoring a thief... and in danger of becoming one himself.
i can't tell you what the date on it is, but it is not 1880.
i also think if you check on this stone, you'll find it's just a composite... a layer of emerald fused with glass and then backed by foil to give it all that brilliance.
i understand your husband is a truly inspired teacher... as well as a great scholar.
filling the hearts of our children with a love of torah... is the greatest mitzvah of all in god's eyes.
and he gave you a tongue in order to express them.
if the desire to hear your soul is strong enough... you'll find the words.
i don't even know where my body ends and my soul begins.
i felt, ever since i was a very young girl... like there was a fire... inside of me.
but if i do, it wasn't god who gave it to me.
[ man #1 ] "ln defiance of biblical prophesy... and the holy redemption of the jewish people... through god's grace alone, boro park's rebbe moishe myerson... has demonstrated that he is little more than a gentile heretic... in the guise of a jew."
[ man ] when the rebbe's heart stopped beating last night... we lost more than just a man.
for his was a heart that beat not only to maintain the life of one man... it beat to maintain the vital circulation of the entire nation of israel.
and who can even begin to understand... what force could be strong enough to still such a heart?
what kind of a terrible power... could have caused such a tragedy?
your analysis of the brooch i showed you last shabbes was right on the money.
i want you to run my store here in boro park.
there should be no more than 30 or 40 pieces in the store at any given time.
three days a week, you stay in the store to sell... but the other three you'll be in the city... on 47th street, all over.
half the mothers in boro park are running cash businesses out of their own basements.
the days that you're in the city, you can leave shimmie by my wife or by rachel.
so, without telling him why, i asked my father to teach me how to avoid sin.
he told me about his teacher... a tzaddik who kept a notebook in which he recorded all his sins... from the day of his bar mitzvah onward.
but when they opened the notebook, they couldn't believe their eyes.
the first page had not yet even been completely filled up.
if we all wrote down our sins, my father said... we'd be more careful about committing them.
we sin because we're careless and we don't think about it.
normally, mr. horowitz would have come down here and told you all this himself.
but i think he was a little concerned with losing his temper.
but the joy of the surprise lasts only a few moments... and then you're at the mercy of his taste.
at least this way you can choose something for yourself... that will give you naches for the rest of your life.
a beautiful combination of cobachon and diamonds laid in a platinum band.
that design won first prize in the spectrum competition last fall.
the question is, mr. fishbein... whether you think your wife, mrs. fishbein, will like it.
the question is, mrs. horowitz... why a woman as lovely as you... is not wearing any jewelry of her own.
sounds like you've been reading articles... on a rather wide variety of subjects.
or else you've been getting an earful from your sister rachel.
and i know that you like it, so i'm glad for you.
but you run out of the house at the crack of dawn. i hardly ever see you.
and when i do it's to get a microwave dinner tossed at me like i'm some charity case.
i know i spend my day with my nose stuck in a book... but i'm not a complete idiot when it comes to these things.
the poor are carjacking the rich ones... and everybody else is sitting on their couches watching the home shopping network.
not surprising if this is the kind of merchandise you showcase.
did god put you on this earth for the purpose of busting my chops?
if you like it, i'll throw it in with the other one.
i've been posing' my naked ass over here for three weekends in a row.
you ain't paid me jack, and now you're turning down her dollars?
so, what brings you to my neck of the woods, miss, uh, horowitz?
i found it in a pile of junk kapoor was gonna sell to the melters.
i am a psychologist, mrs. horowitz, but i'm also a rabbi... uniquely qualified to appreciate the problems afflicting the jewish soul.
which is unique in that it is directly connected to the spirit of the holy one.
and if god happens to be on the other end... well that's just the way it's gonna be.
sonia, sometimes the way you talk, i mean, don't you fear god?
don't you see the kind of suffering that you're asking for?
mendel, my learned husband... we don't suffer because we ask for it.
and if there is, then it's certainly something... that neither you nor you knows anything about.
we bring suffering on ourselves, mrs. horowitz, when we sin against god.
and all their children... who were marched into the gas chambers at treblinka?
my aunt chani who watched her son... tortured in front of her eyes?
and a boldness to the modern flourishes that totally belies that.
it also enhances the appearance of the wearer... without drawing undue attention to itself.
it's 22-carat gold, hand-carved, one-of-a-kind, with an open setting... for a gemstone.
the perfection of this piece is clear, even to the naked eye.
shimmie's gonna stay here by us where he can live in a healthy environment.
and who's the expert fit to judge what's a healthy environment all of a sudden?
but for one night, you gave a wife back her husband.
perhaps i sound selfish to you... but you are still young.
i accept your gratitude... for returning to you what should have always been yours.
but now i'm asking you to help me reclaim what's mine.
i know that the pain we caused each other couldn't be helped.
i am who i am and you are who you are.
nasty, if you are going to kill me then do it quickly.
if i get away then your whole family has to die with you.
now in the new territories, no one will not recognize david chow, becknam, and ko.
you guys became famous here, you have to strengthen your power here.
i would've gotten away with it, too if it wasn't for that big dog and you meddling kids!
and that's how we solved "the case of the moat monster" one of our most frightening mysteries.
that moat monster almost sliced you up like a pepperoni pizza.
and then we wouldn't have coast to coast with daphne blake your very successful syndicated series on americana.
in fact, that's why the gang went their separate ways except for fred and me.
she means fred jones, who's now the producer and one-man crew of daphne's show.
i've made a iot of poor boy sandwiches in my time.
but this has got to be the biggest of them all!
i wasn't exaggerating when i said they were the hottest peppers in louisiana.
with all the screaming, we thought you might've seen a ghost.
pieces of the pirate ship could have been used in the construction.
morgan moonscar was rumored to have buried treasure on the island.
but this time, i intend to find some real haunted houses for my viewers.
it's too bad the rest of the old gang won't be joining.
i've been working so hard, guess i forgot my own birthday.
i hope you don't mind, but i asked the gang to come.
♪ oh, the ghost is here and it's always a fake ♪
♪ the ghost is here and there's no reason to shake ♪
♪ to face our fears and the creep in the mask ♪
♪ until the ghost is here there's no reason to ask ♪
moonscar island is right in the middle of the next bayou.
sounds like a perfect place to get some good, spooky footage.
these folks came a long way to see a real haunted house.
well, if they want haunted, they've come to the right place.
pieces of the pirate ship could have been used in the construction.
'morgan moonscar was rumored' 'to have buried treasure on the island.'
well, i have never met a pair who ate so much.
like being in a state of constant terror makes us constantly hungry.
and i would've gotten away with it too if it wasn't for that big dog and you meddling kids.
and that's how we solved, "the case of the moat monster."
♪ the ghost is here and there's no reason to shake ♪
♪ the ghost is here aw, give us a break, it's fake ♪
♪ oh, the ghost is here it's our frightening task ♪
♪ to face our fears and the creep in the mask ♪
well, if they want haunted, they've come to the right place.
peoples go into that bayou, and they don't never come out.
well, way back there in the 1700s pirates used this bayou to hide from the law.
they knowed only a fool would come looking up in here.
we ran back to the house and ms. lenoir opened this secret passageway.
she said it was built during the civil war to hide from union soldiers.
i would've gotten away with it, too if it wasn't for that big dog and you meddling kids!
and that's how we solved "the case of the moat monster" one of our most frightening mysteries.
that moat monster almost sliced you up like a pepperoni pizza.
and then we wouldn't have coast to coast with daphne blake your very successful syndicated series on americana.
in fact, that's why the gang went their separate ways except for fred and me.
she means fred jones, who's now the producer and one-man crew of daphne's show.
i've made a iot of poor boy sandwiches in my time.
but this has got to be the biggest of them all!
i wasn't exaggerating when i said they were the hottest peppers in louisiana.
with all the screaming, we thought you might've seen a ghost.
pieces of the pirate ship could have been used in the construction.
morgan moonscar was rumored to have buried treasure on the island.
i'll give you points depending on as will act to ...
at the end of the program, the winner will do something to me.
"the seeds of totalitarian regimes are nurtured by misery and want.
they spread and grow in the evil soil of poverty and strife.
in contrast to the western belief in a mixed economy and free trade.
there was great alarm at the deteriorating political and economic situation and fear that the domestic communists in western europe would become so active and so disruptive that it would lead to economic collapse, which was probably going to happen anyway
unless something was done, and this would give an opportunity to the soviets to extend their influence in western europe.
in february 1947, a financial crisis forced the british government to tell washington they were ending aid to greece and turkey.
"the free peoples of the world look to us for support in maintaining their freedoms.
if we falter in our leadership we may endanger the peace of the world and we shall surely endanger the welfare of this nation."
"i was there in the balcony listening and i was struck by the absolute concentrated attention of the congress.
on this occasion everyone in the hall realized that this was a major historical event."
"i therefore ask the congress to provide authority for assistance to greece and turkey in the amount of $400 million for the period ending june 30, 1948."
truman pitched the struggle for the first time as between freedom and tyranny, the west and the communists.
"the appeal of communism to young people and to students was that of a hope that it was possible to create a classless society.
many people believed that communism was going to create a better world, better than the one that existed before the war.
this was the only party that you could join if you wanted to change the world."
the man called on by truman to face the communist threat was the newly appointed secretary of state,
and that interview convinced marshall that what the soviets were doing were stalling for time in order for the situation in western and central europe to become more and more adverse so that popular unrest would become greater and greater
-- the communists would grow in strength and that maybe communist regimes would be... would come to power in western europe without the red army having to invade."
at the heart of europe's problems lay the question of a defeated germany.
stalin wanted to keep germany on its knees, concerned that otherwise it would rise up one day and threaten the soviet union again.
marshall proposed aid to europe on a vast scale and invited the europeans to respond.
ernest bevin, the british foreign secretary, immediately realized the importance of marshall's speech.
bevin seized upon it and bringing the french in at the same time, welcomed it.
and out of that they built up what became the european recovery program and the recovery of western europe."
the soviet economy also desperately needed investment to make up for the ravages of four years of war on russian soil.
in theory, the marshall plan was open to both east and west.
with the truman doctrine in place as well, they don't really want to help us.
they just want to tear the people's democracies away from our sphere of influence, to win them over, to infiltrate them, to pull them away from the soviet union.'"
molotov and a large soviet delegation turned up at the conference table.
"molotov listened to all the reports and proposals, although he felt it was clearly not that straightforward, that the aid would be tied up with certain conditions."
they read all the documents which were produced by the united states, by the government of the united states, which were sent to almost all
all european countries, including the government of the soviet union, but... and other documents which were not sent to the soviet union."
"this information confirmed that america didn't really want us to participate in it.
they just made this demonstrative gesture in order not to scare away those already dealing with them.
"there never was any thought that the soviets would actually join the marshall plan.
but it was a desirable step to persuade the world that we really were being altruistic here, this was not basically an anti-communist, anti-soviet measure and should by some miracle the soviets themselves join or some of their satellite countries,
in prague, the czechoslovaks discussed whether to join the marshall plan.
in the democratically elected government, third of the ministers were communists.
"the reactions were absolutely positive, even the communist ministers in the government, in the czechoslovak government, agreed with our participation in paris:
that means to attend the conference to prepare the marshall plan.
'if by 4 a.m. on the 11th july you have not refused to attend, then be prepared this will have serious consequences on our relations with you.'
"stalin was quite clear, quite rough and he gave the ultimatum of four hours to our delegation, to say their decision.
finally the same government hich accepted unanimously they accepted the presence in paris, rejected it.
as far as the marshall plan is concerned, there was no normal discussion.
the notion that our former allies needed to have the help of the united states."
"the policy of the marshall plan was seen in the soviet union as the americans wanting to impose their influence over the countries to which they gave marshall aid.
the soviet union could not accept that, believing it to be an aggressive act on behalf of the americans.
that is why the marshall plan was never accepted in our country."
through it, stalin planned to control the countries of the eastern bloc.
he also instructed communist parties in the west to take the initiative in seizing power.
in american propaganda, he cominform was represented as a sinister, shadowy conspiracy of evil.
but its economic associate, comecon, offered russian aid to eastern bloc countries sending grain to czechoslovakia after a bad harvest.
"both cominform and comecon were a direct response to the marshall plan.
on the one hand, the cominform would follow the political, ideological line the soviet union wanted to adopt in the socialist countries.
they were crying, and flowers and so on and so on.
but the general persuasion was that this was really the end.
there, the case for marshall aid was still being argued before a partly isolationist congress.
the soviet union and its agents have destroyed the independence and democratic character of a whole series of nations in eastern and central europe.
it is this ruthless course of action and the clear design to extend it to the remaining free nations of europe that have brought about the critical situation in europe today.
"it was touch and go when both houses of congress were finally considering the legislation.
europe's purchase of american goods and machinery redirected many marshall aid dollars back into american industry, fueling a postwar boom.
"most people i knew felt that the generosity of americans was a self-serving one, in the sense that they thought of europe as an outlet for their goods, as a market to export stuff and we thought that we could
see that in the types of things that they wanted us to buy with the money that they lent us."
one of the countries most in need of help was greece devastated by the nazi occupation years of civil war.
probably 2,000 of the nation's villages had been raided burnt to the ground by the reprisal raids of the nazis.
the consequence of the civil war was to add to that terribly shredded kind of social fabric."
i arrived there at the age of 23, and to my astonishment a year later at age 24 there i was in charge of the greek import program.
the range of projects which we engaged in were all over the map and all over every single sector of the economy.
and one could say that america fed and fueled and clothed the greek nation."
in the hill villages of northern greece emerging from civil war, the marshall planners came up with a scheme to meet a local need.
"during the war and during the civil war one of the major elements destroyed was the farm draft animals.
one of the decisions was to import that which we were accustomed to, which was the missouri mule.
the united states made it clear to paris that there would be no marshall aid to french industry until the government had the communist threat under control.
acts of sabotage culminated in the derailing of an express train causing 20 deaths.
"i expected the popular front, the union of all the parties of the left, to win the election.
this union of the left had to get together to counterbalance the christian democrats
"that election could have been a touch-and-go election between italy staying on one side of the world or the other side of the world.
first of all, i think, it would have been a tragedy for italy, but i think it would have been a tragedy for europe, it would have been a tragedy for the mediterranean, and should have been a setback for america."
"it was a very intelligent initiative because it got through to the families directly.
after half a century of emigration there were hundreds of thousands of italian families in america.
cia lawyers studied the wording of the new national security act.
"if the president of the national security council, the head of the national security council is the president of the united states, and if he specifically directs the cia under hillenkoetter to carry out operations to help democratic parties,
cia at the time that had to rush into the breach without training in covert action.
and we had bags of money that we delivered to selected politicians to defray their political expenses, their campaign expenses for posters, for pamphlets."
"i can say that all the parties envied our electoral structure and especially the creation of election posters.
in the rural areas there were no cinemas, it was unthinkable at that time.
he said that the war against the communists was a holy war."
pope pius xii and the catholic church had supported the fascists throughout their decades of rule.
i very much believed that my marriage had to be blessed by the priest who represented christ on earth, and this was what i believed in."
"you know that pius xii in one of his speeches said you are either for christ or against christ.
so, it was the duty of the pope and of the church to protect their people.
so there was no other protection on the part of the church but to organize all the christian movements to oppose the communist party."
now that italy had elected to stay in the western bloc, the united states released a flood of marshall aid.
in turin, the fiat motor company received giant new assembly line machines from detroit and pittsburgh.
and i don't say that you'd expected it but you were pleasantly surprised to see the generosity of their foreign policy
and the generosity of their foreign policy at that moment was expressed through the marshall plan."
the second real step was that it approached this european community on the whole, it brought us toward nato and it brought the european countries closer to each other and to the united states."
the marshall plan set out to build a european consumer society.
the united states wanted a free enterprise western bloc, peaceful, united and tied to american trade and capital.
the soviet union was forced to build its own rival bloc.
"god told me." and from the next bed over comes, "i did not."
there's always somebody or something trying to be the most important thing in the world.
a psi cop learns to ignore distractions and focus on the goal.
you could bring a brass band through here and they'd never know.
only a certain kind of person makes it to become a psi cop.
your job is to track down rogue telepaths, who will do anything to avoid capture.
when they finish training, they will have limited the amount of harm a rogue can do them, both mentally and physically.
we make sure they're in peak condition so they can go into the field as well-protected as possible.
i could barely stand on my own when the corps found me and brought me home.
did you know that 42.5 percent of all telepaths who leave the corps commit suicide within nine months?
that may be an attempt to throw us off the track.
just to be on the safe side, al, you and your team will proceed to babylon 5.
with luck he'll get stuck there until he can raise money to get a ticket elsewhere.
i want the rest of you to run full background checks on harris.
without sufficient training, the average security patrol couldn't even handle a p-8, let alone a p-10.
he can make them look where he isn't while he slips away spark false or misleading hunches.
there are any number of tricks he could use on mundanes to avoid being captured.
and by then he'll know we're onto him and once he goes to ground, we may never pick up the scent again.
the mundanes leave us alone because we stay out of the press.
it's important they believe that nothing ever goes wrong inside these walls.
only for repairs, when we can do so without being seen.
no reason for the rest of the world to know what our resources are.
a man matching harris' description came through here two days ago and sold off a few things, enough to rent quarters here for a little while.
he pointed to a suite up the hall, but he was thinking about that one.
the thing is, his identicard was used several times after his death so it looks like your boy switched ids with the dead guy took whatever money he had.
thing is, i can't see any connection between your target and the deceased.
i just mean, you know, maybe you made a mistake with your tests.
maybe he's higher than a p-10 and you've just missed it.
lauren, i want you to get on the line with the main office.
have them copy me on everything they found in harris' room.
our target is too smart to stay in one place for very long so i doubt we'll find him near the casino.
but there are about a half a dozen places on babylon 5 where gambling is allowed.
well, there weren't any witnesses to what happened at least none that have come forward.
we got one thing to go on, and it's not much:
i don't know what happened, i'm not even sure why i'm here.
one minute i was in the testing center and the next...
there's a lot in here that's in different handwriting, different names.
as if they'd either mixed two files together or somebody else had access to his papers.
tell you the truth, i wasn't sure if i still believed in heroes.
but i have never seen anyone fight for our people the way you do.
i figured i'd pair them up with you for a while.
you can show them the ropes get them comfortable with the operation and then we'll put them out in the field.
if it's okay, i mean, if it isn't classified, i'd love to see a copy of your analysis.
i've been following the situation on babylon 5 as best i could for a while now.
"god told me." and from the next bed over comes, "i did not."
there's always somebody or something trying to be the most important thing in the world.
a psi cop learns to ignore distractions and focus on the goal.
you could bring a brass band through here and they'd never know.
only a certain kind of person makes it to become a psi cop.
your job is to track down rogue telepaths, who will do anything to avoid capture.
when they finish training, they will have limited the amount of harm a rogue can do them, both mentally and physically.
we make sure they're in peak condition so they can go into the field as well-protected as possible.
i could barely stand on my own when the corps found me and brought me home.
did you know that 42.5 percent of all telepaths who leave the corps commit suicide within nine months?
that may be an attempt to throw us off the track.
just to be on the safe side, al, you and your team will proceed to babylon 5.
with luck he'll get stuck there until he can raise money to get a ticket elsewhere.
i want the rest of you to run full background checks on harris.
without sufficient training, the average security patrol couldn't even handle a p-8, let alone a p-10.
he can make them look where he isn't while he slips away spark false or misleading hunches.
there are any number of tricks he could use on mundanes to avoid being captured.
and by then he'll know we're onto him and once he goes to ground, we may never pick up the scent again.
the mundanes leave us alone because we stay out of the press.
it's important they believe that nothing ever goes wrong inside these walls.
only for repairs, when we can do so without being seen.
no reason for the rest of the world to know what our resources are.
a man matching harris' description came through here two days ago and sold off a few things, enough to rent quarters here for a little while.
he pointed to a suite up the hall, but he was thinking about that one.
the thing is, his identicard was used several times after his death so it looks like your boy switched ids with the dead guy took whatever money he had.
thing is, i can't see any connection between your target and the deceased.
i just mean, you know, maybe you made a mistake with your tests.
maybe he's higher than a p-10 and you've just missed it.
lauren, i want you to get on the line with the main office.
have them copy me on everything they found in harris' room.
our target is too smart to stay in one place for very long so i doubt we'll find him near the casino.
but there are about a half a dozen places on babylon 5 where gambling is allowed.
well, there weren't any witnesses to what happened at least none that have come forward.
we got one thing to go on, and it's not much:
i don't know what happened, i'm not even sure why i'm here.
one minute i was in the testing center and the next...
there's a lot in here that's in different handwriting, different names.
as if they'd either mixed two files together or somebody else had access to his papers.
tell you the truth, i wasn't sure if i still believed in heroes.
but i have never seen anyone fight for our people the way you do.
i figured i'd pair them up with you for a while.
you can show them the ropes get them comfortable with the operation and then we'll put them out in the field.
if it's okay, i mean, if it isn't classified, i'd love to see a copy of your analysis.
i've been following the situation on babylon 5 as best i could for a while now.
"god told me." and from the next bed over comes, "i did not."
there's always somebody or something trying to be the most important thing in the world.
a psi cop learns to ignore distractions and focus on the goal.
you could bring a brass band through here and they'd never know.
only a certain kind of person makes it to become a psi cop.
your job is to track down rogue telepaths, who will do anything to avoid capture.
when they finish training, they will have limited the amount of harm a rogue can do them, both mentally and physically.
we make sure they're in peak condition so they can go into the field as well-protected as possible.
i could barely stand on my own when the corps found me and brought me home.
did you know that 42.5 percent of all telepaths who leave the corps commit suicide within nine months?
that may be an attempt to throw us off the track.
just to be on the safe side, al, you and your team will proceed to babylon 5.
with luck he'll get stuck there until he can raise money to get a ticket elsewhere.
i want the rest of you to run full background checks on harris.
without sufficient training, the average security patrol couldn't even handle a p-8, let alone a p-10.
he can make them look where he isn't while he slips away spark false or misleading hunches.
there are any number of tricks he could use on mundanes to avoid being captured.
and by then he'll know we're onto him and once he goes to ground, we may never pick up the scent again.
the mundanes leave us alone because we stay out of the press.
it's important they believe that nothing ever goes wrong inside these walls.
only for repairs, when we can do so without being seen.
no reason for the rest of the world to know what our resources are.
a man matching harris' description came through here two days ago and sold off a few things, enough to rent quarters here for a little while.
he pointed to a suite up the hall, but he was thinking about that one.
the thing is, his identicard was used several times after his death so it looks like your boy switched ids with the dead guy took whatever money he had.
thing is, i can't see any connection between your target and the deceased.
i just mean, you know, maybe you made a mistake with your tests.
maybe he's higher than a p-10 and you've just missed it.
lauren, i want you to get on the line with the main office.
have them copy me on everything they found in harris' room.
our target is too smart to stay in one place for very long so i doubt we'll find him near the casino.
but there are about a half a dozen places on babylon 5 where gambling is allowed.
well, there weren't any witnesses to what happened at least none that have come forward.
we got one thing to go on, and it's not much:
i don't know what happened, i'm not even sure why i'm here.
one minute i was in the testing center and the next...
there's a lot in here that's in different handwriting, different names.
as if they'd either mixed two files together or somebody else had access to his papers.
tell you the truth, i wasn't sure if i still believed in heroes.
but i have never seen anyone fight for our people the way you do.
i figured i'd pair them up with you for a while.
you can show them the ropes get them comfortable with the operation and then we'll put them out in the field.
if it's okay, i mean, if it isn't classified, i'd love to see a copy of your analysis.
i've been following the situation on babylon 5 as best i could for a while now.
"god told me." and from the next bed over comes, "i did not."
there's always somebody or something trying to be the most important thing in the world.
a psi cop learns to ignore distractions and focus on the goal.
you could bring a brass band through here and they'd never know.
only a certain kind of person makes it to become a psi cop.
your job is to track down rogue telepaths, who will do anything to avoid capture.
when they finish training, they will have limited the amount of harm a rogue can do them, both mentally and physically.
we make sure they're in peak condition so they can go into the field as well-protected as possible.
i could barely stand on my own when the corps found me and brought me home.
did you know that 42.5 percent of all telepaths who leave the corps commit suicide within nine months?
that may be an attempt to throw us off the track.
just to be on the safe side, al, you and your team will proceed to babylon 5.
with luck he'll get stuck there until he can raise money to get a ticket elsewhere.
i want the rest of you to run full background checks on harris.
without sufficient training, the average security patrol couldn't even handle a p-8, let alone a p-10.
he can make them look where he isn't while he slips away spark false or misleading hunches.
there are any number of tricks he could use on mundanes to avoid being captured.
and by then he'll know we're onto him and once he goes to ground, we may never pick up the scent again.
the mundanes leave us alone because we stay out of the press.
it's important they believe that nothing ever goes wrong inside these walls.
only for repairs, when we can do so without being seen.
no reason for the rest of the world to know what our resources are.
a man matching harris' description came through here two days ago and sold off a few things, enough to rent quarters here for a little while.
he pointed to a suite up the hall, but he was thinking about that one.
the thing is, his identicard was used several times after his death so it looks like your boy switched ids with the dead guy took whatever money he had.
thing is, i can't see any connection between your target and the deceased.
i just mean, you know, maybe you made a mistake with your tests.
maybe he's higher than a p-10 and you've just missed it.
lauren, i want you to get on the line with the main office.
have them copy me on everything they found in harris' room.
our target is too smart to stay in one place for very long so i doubt we'll find him near the casino.
but there are about a half a dozen places on babylon 5 where gambling is allowed.
well, there weren't any witnesses to what happened at least none that have come forward.
we got one thing to go on, and it's not much:
i don't know what happened, i'm not even sure why i'm here.
one minute i was in the testing center and the next...
there's a lot in here that's in different handwriting, different names.
as if they'd either mixed two files together or somebody else had access to his papers.
tell you the truth, i wasn't sure if i still believed in heroes.
but i have never seen anyone fight for our people the way you do.
i figured i'd pair them up with you for a while.
you can show them the ropes get them comfortable with the operation and then we'll put them out in the field.
if it's okay, i mean, if it isn't classified, i'd love to see a copy of your analysis.
i've been following the situation on babylon 5 as best i could for a while now.
"god told me." and from the next bed over comes, "i did not."
there's always somebody or something trying to be the most important thing in the world.
a psi cop learns to ignore distractions and focus on the goal.
you could bring a brass band through here and they'd never know.
only a certain kind of person makes it to become a psi cop.
your job is to track down rogue telepaths, who will do anything to avoid capture.
when they finish training, they will have limited the amount of harm a rogue can do them, both mentally and physically.
we make sure they're in peak condition so they can go into the field as well-protected as possible.
i could barely stand on my own when the corps found me and brought me home.
did you know that 42.5 percent of all telepaths who leave the corps commit suicide within nine months?
that may be an attempt to throw us off the track.
just to be on the safe side, al, you and your team will proceed to babylon 5.
with luck he'll get stuck there until he can raise money to get a ticket elsewhere.
i want the rest of you to run full background checks on harris.
without sufficient training, the average security patrol couldn't even handle a p-8, let alone a p-10.
he can make them look where he isn't while he slips away spark false or misleading hunches.
there are any number of tricks he could use on mundanes to avoid being captured.
and by then he'll know we're onto him and once he goes to ground, we may never pick up the scent again.
the mundanes leave us alone because we stay out of the press.
it's important they believe that nothing ever goes wrong inside these walls.
only for repairs, when we can do so without being seen.
no reason for the rest of the world to know what our resources are.
a man matching harris' description came through here two days ago and sold off a few things, enough to rent quarters here for a little while.
he pointed to a suite up the hall, but he was thinking about that one.
the thing is, his identicard was used several times after his death so it looks like your boy switched ids with the dead guy took whatever money he had.
thing is, i can't see any connection between your target and the deceased.
i just mean, you know, maybe you made a mistake with your tests.
maybe he's higher than a p-10 and you've just missed it.
lauren, i want you to get on the line with the main office.
have them copy me on everything they found in harris' room.
our target is too smart to stay in one place for very long so i doubt we'll find him near the casino.
but there are about a half a dozen places on babylon 5 where gambling is allowed.
well, there weren't any witnesses to what happened at least none that have come forward.
we got one thing to go on, and it's not much:
i don't know what happened, i'm not even sure why i'm here.
one minute i was in the testing center and the next...
there's a lot in here that's in different handwriting, different names.
as if they'd either mixed two files together or somebody else had access to his papers.
tell you the truth, i wasn't sure if i still believed in heroes.
but i have never seen anyone fight for our people the way you do.
let me start by saying i'm well... and i hope you are too.
despite the message i had jiddou give you... a change in me makes me want to come home to sokolo.
is what i learn far from you worth what i forget about us?
jiddou told me on the phone that the birds have gone.
" africa's historic tragedy... was less its coming in contact with the rest of the world too late... than the way this contact occurred.
it was when europe... fell into the hands of industrial leaders... entirely lacking in scruples... that it expanded.
all over the world... people are celebrating the year 2000... and the party is in full swing.
we ask you to be with us in spirit during these celebrations.
for the last 1,000 days, the eiffel tower has displayed numbers... counting the days lef until the new millennium.
last night, at midnight... a zero appeared before thousands of people gathered... around the eiffel tower.
dramane's return... is a good opportunity... for me to write back to you.
this year has seen problems on the land and on the fiields.
we are standing now, my country and me... our hair in the wind... my tiny hand now in its enormous fist... and strength is not in us... but above us... in a voice piercing the night... like the sting of an apocalyptic wasp.
the voice proclaims... that for centuries, europe has fed us lies... and sent us plagues.
man has to conquer... the forbidden stilled in the recesses of his fervor.
no race has a monopoly on beauty... on intelligence or on strength.
if you want to be with hilary, you have to play as well as her.
if you want to be together, you've got to be equally good.
if you think that being an ordinary person is any easier than being an extraordinary one, you're wrong.
if you didn't have that cello to prop you up, you'd be nothing.
oh, brightening glance... how can we know... the dancer from the dance?
but don't you wish sometimes that you couldn't play, that you could just be ordinary?
pictures of the way you think of them when you think of them.
with mummy, it's that day you broke the drum at the bbc.
whenever you think you've lost that person, you start with a picture and then you find them again.
you want to know what i think of when i think of you?
the home secretary is chairing an emergency meeting to discuss ways of dealing with the emergency.
the cellist jacqueline du pré has died at her london home.
and won several awards before rising to the top of her profession.
she will be particularly remembered for her performances of elgar's cello concerto.
for mom, it was the day that drum broke on the bbc.
when you think you have lost that person start with that image, and return to find.
if you want to be with hilary, you have to play as well as her.
if you want to be together, you've got to be equally good.
we had no difficulty at all in choosing the winner in the string section, even though we were a little unnerved by the candidate's rather... overemphatic bodily movements.
i think this must be the first time that our winning soloists have been sisters.
i thought we could go to maison bertaux, seeing as we're in a french mood.
you do realize there are white slavers working in that area?
if you think that being an ordinary person is any easier than being an extraordinary one, you're wrong.
if you didn't have that cello to prop you up, you'd be nothing.
oh, brightening glance... how can we know... the dancer from the dance?
but don't you wish sometimes that you couldn't play, that you could just be ordinary?
you haven't been to see her in such a long time.
she'll have heaps of visitors, and she doesn't want to see me.
pictures of the way you think of them when you think of them.
with mummy, it's that day you broke the drum at the bbc.
whenever you think you've lost that person, you start with a picture and then you find them again.
you want to know what i think of when i think of you?
the home secretary is chairing an emergency meeting to discuss ways of dealing with the emergency.
the cellist jacqueline du pré has died at her london home.
and won several awards before rising to the top of her profession.
she will be particularly remembered for her performances of elgar's cello concerto.
if you want to be with hilary, you have to play as well as her.
if you want to be together, you've got to be equally good.
in fact, if you want to get yourself impregnated, you should ask her hubby.
he's extremely fertile, and if you ask her nicely, she'll lend him to you.
you haven't been to see her in such a long time.
she'll have heaps of visitors, and she doesn't want to see me.
pictures of the way you think of them when you think of them.
with mummy, it's that day you broke the drum at the bbc.
whenever you think you've lost that person, you start with a picture and then you find them again.
you want to know what i think of when i think of you?
the home secretary is chairing an emergency meeting to discuss ways of dealing with the emergency.
the cellist jacqueline du pré has died at her london home.
and won several awards before rising to the top of her profession.
she will be particularly remembered for her performances of elgar's cello concerto.
some day those two will get put away, you realise that?
wherever they get sent to, they'll cheer the place up no end.
i sometimes think you must have been born with that expression on your face.
as a matter of fact, i was a very bonny baby.
the closest she came to a smile was when you skidded on a fairy cake.
yeah, but it's not the sort of thing you can do all evening, is it?
some day those two will get put away, you realise that?
wherever they get sent to, they'll cheer the place up no end.
i sometimes think you must have been born with that expression on your face.
as a matter of fact, i was a very bonny baby.
of course you two have your own young lives to lead.
if you think you can't give over a few hours to some old people who aren't as lucky as you...
the closest she came to a smile was when you skidded on a fairy cake.
yeah, but it's not the sort of thing you can do all evening, is it?
you must be very confused trying to decide what's best for your son.
look, i want my son to be able to function in the world.
as you can see, i function pretty well without an implant.
yeah, but if an implant can help him to hear, why not get one?
you might want to read about advances on protein s deficiency.
hey, look, i like you, but i'm really not worth it.
i told anspaugh that pedes er was running at peak capacity.
now he wants me to give a detailed analysis of the daily census.
what happen is that two of your classmates almost died tonight.
it was stupid of me to think you could take responsibility.
i'll be accused of playing favorites if i don't treat you like an intern.
i don't ask for special treatment just the chance to do something more than pull drains.
it sounds crazy but i found a three-legged marathon we could enter.
we won, and we kind of got hooked, started breaking all kinds of records.
you must be very confused trying to decide what's best for your son.
look, i want my son to be able to function in the world.
as you can see, i function pretty well without an implant.
yeah, but if an implant can help him to hear, why not get one?
kate, the orthopedic surgeon is gonna come and examine your wrist.
is it all right if i watch my dad till he gets here?
it means, what i do with my son is my business.
be sure and let me know how things work out, okay?
i wouldn't have asked so many questions if you'd told me what you were doing.
i'm sorry that you thought it was your business to ask me.
i'll be accused of playing favorites if i don't treat you like an intern.
i don't ask for special treatment just the chance to do something more than pull drains.
if i give him a blood thinner, he could die in the street.
if i don't treat him, he could die of a clot.
it sounds crazy but i found a three-legged marathon we could enter.
we won, and we kind of got hooked, started breaking all kinds of records.
look, i want my son to be able to function in the world.
as you can see, i function pretty well without an implant.
i wouldn't have asked questions if you'd told me what you were doing.
i'm sorry that you thought it was your business to ask me.
♪ life would be grand if you'd just take my hand
♪ i know i just might fall in love... lt's quite common.
you're a simple, hard-working victorian maid, performing your daily chores, when the firm hand of your master pins you to the parquet.
"you're a whore, but i love you." "quiet, mistress might hear."
excuse the pun, david, but you're coming at this all wrong.
you've got to get on top of your job, then your wife.
i guess i've never been as comfortable with anybody in my whole life.
in fact, just about the minute i met him i knew that he was the one for me.
you're scared of having to move out of your mom's house and start an actual life.
let me tell you something, i meant what i said here today.
you have come here together in the sight of god... so that the lord may seal and strengthen your love... in the presence of this church and this community.
"i now ask the bride and groom to state their intentions."
do you promise to be true to her in good times and bad?
"to love her and honor her all the days of your life?"
i know success will probably move them far, far away from us.
but i know somehow we'll find a way to be together.
have i mentioned there are some weird things about my family?
how could you ever doubt that i wanted to marry you?
so i guess that one goes up in the bedroom, right?
like when you get a new tv, you bring the old one up.
actually, i am a little pressed for time today... but, raymond, if i may?
marriage requires a great deal of soui-searching... before a responsible decision can be made.
i was less than overwhelmed by his demeanor towards... the prospect of matrimony.
but now... he seems to be the very personification of the wedding spirit.
i know success will probably move them far, far away from us.
but i know somehow we'll find a way to be together.
have i mentioned there are some weird things about my family?
how could you ever doubt that i wanted to marry you?
...as exiled gen. mustafa yakubu orchestrated a swift and violent coup against the democratically elected government of president samuel azuka.
in the land with 1 20 million people and over 250 ethnic groups there'd been a long history of ethnic enmity particularly between northern fulani moslems and southern christian ibo.
fearing ethnic cleansing, most ibo have abandoned their homes and are fleeing the city or searching for sanctuary wherever they may find it.
gen. yakubu has taken control of most of the country and appears firmly in charge.
there's no word on the united nations' reaction to the coup but united states forces have already begun to evacuate its embassy.
as you can see behind me, on the uss harry s. truman activity is high as foreign nationals are evacuated from all over nigeria.
this once peaceful country has been rocked by a series of ethnic unrests and brief but bitter battles mainly over control of nigeria's vast oil supply.
however, nothing can prepare the country for the overwhelming and decisive action that has just taken place.
they've captured government armories and unfortunately, we have been supplying them for far too many years.
in addition, the local militia are killing anyone who goes to a different church.
we spotted a rebel company outside of yolingo on the way in.
we must assume they'll be here by night, if not sooner.
you know as well as i do that when we left that mission, those people were dead.
and then we take 28 men, women and children and we hump for a day.
i don't know if it was a good thing or not.
feels like so long since i've done a good thing, the right thing.
in the land with 1 20 million people and over 250 ethnic groups there'd been a long history of ethnic enmity particularly between northern fulani moslems and southern christian ibo.
the victorious fulani rebels have taken to the streets as outbursts of violence continue all over the country.
gen. yakubu has taken control of most of the country and appears firmly in charge.
there's no word on the united nations' reaction to the coup but united states forces have already begun to evacuate its embassy.
as you can see behind me, on the uss harry s. truman activity is high as foreign nationals are evacuated from all over nigeria.
this once peaceful country has been rocked by a series of ethnic unrests and brief but bitter battles mainly over control of nigeria's vast oil supply.
however, nothing can prepare the country for the overwhelming and decisive action that has just taken place.
we have just heard that the entire presidential family has been assassinated.
in addition, the local militia are killing anyone who goes to a different church.
all right, now, your prime objective is to find and extract dr. lena fiore kendricks with international relief services.
you will halo over cameroon and float into your dz near the edge of the mazon rain forest.
when you get your package you will proceed to your extract lz alpha.
we must assume they'll be here by night, if not sooner.
i'm responsible for 70 people here, more than half of them seriously wounded.
now, i suggest you go find the priest go find the nuns, pack your things and prepare to move.
when the rebel troops get here, they'll kill everything they see including privileged white doctors.
you know as well as i do that when we left that mission, those people were dead.
and then we take 28 men, women and children and we hump for a day.
though i mourn for my own people, in all my life i don't think i've ever felt more pity for anyone than i do for him.
maybe emperor mollari has more of a chance at happiness than ambassador mollari ever did.
my presence on centauri prime during this little war has probably cooled their enthusiasm a bit.
i was afraid for a while that this cult of personality was getting out of hand.
what we went through at the end of the civil war, then coming here without even a break in between.
i tried to tell myself that it was just the strain of the last year or so.
disappointed because you felt that you couldn't come to me about this on your own.
when stephen had his problem a couple of years ago i didn't offer my help when i should have and he damn near died trying to deal with his problem on his own.
your government's been trying to get ahold of you ever since you got back but you're not taking calls.
it seemed a simpler way of achieving a little peace than hanging myself.
they want me to tell you that your homeworld is up in arms, g'kar.
half of them want you to take charge of the whole place.
apparently your people believe that your presence on centauri prime allowed them to attack without retribution.
you came through it alive, which they're considering another not-so-minor miracle and you don't want the power.
the other day i was thinking about what you said about god a few weeks ago and i remembered an old human saying:
"can god make a rock so big that even he can't lift it?"
at the site of every bombing we've found the words "remember byron" painted on the walls.
didn't you have a telepath named byron come through babylon 5 lately...
because you feel like you're not in control hey, you may as well go even further out of control.
and because you can't hurt the people who hurt you, like bester you've gotta lash out at everybody else.
he was mad at himself at what he was, at the walls that were closing in around him.
and because he was career military he thought he had to keep it buttoned up.
so you had a hard life and your old man had some real life problems.
but that doesn't mean that you understand what i'm going through.
in all the time you've been here, i've never seen you drink.
no, you haven't because i've got the same exact damn problem you've got.
you see children of alcoholics usually end up one of two ways.
either they try to help everybody else because they couldn't help themselves or they become alcoholics.
i couldn't stop what was happening to my father so i became the very thing i hated.
oh, if it could be swallowed, shot or smoked, oh, i did it until somebody very close to me died.
before we do that the reason that i was looking for you was...
well, i just want to say i'm sorry for yelling at you earlier.
i know how hard that must've been for you and i appreciate what you said and why you said it.
i don't know what i'm gonna do about it yet, but i just wanted to say thanks.
they say he's staying here out of a sense of obligation.
and that if we tell him to go home, he will.
there's a lot going on a lot i don't understand, a lot i don't want to understand.
you can be a huge help to me, and i can help you.
you said this is putting a terrible strain on her system.
will she be able to carry it full term and survive?
i know you think you can fight your way out of it but you're not gonna do any good if they keep you drugged for the trip home.
once they got you back i'd hate to visit psi corps headquarters and see bits of you floating around in jars of formaldehyde.
we know you've been funneling money to the underground and, in turn, hitting the psi corps.
you're doing it because you don't like what they've done to you and other telepaths.
well, we've got something in common because i don't like what they've done to me.
they messed with my mind, and bester planted a neural block in my head that keeps me from nailing that sucker's head to the wall.
i can't just let her wander around babylon 5 in her current state.
she is extremely powerful, very dangerous and, for my money, unstable.
for the last year i've tried to point my people toward the simple truth that we are one, regardless of race.
somehow that message has gotten twisted so that i have become their idea of the truth personified.
once you turn into this, you can no longer be who you are.
you can only be what they want you to be, what they expect you to be.
if i return, they will try to make me into this and i cannot allow that.
if i stay here, my followers will continue to disrupt babylon 5.
so you see, lyta and i are in the same position.
neither of us can go home and neither of us can stay here any longer.
perhaps, in my way, i can help her deal with her own anger as i dealt with mine.
either way, as soon as i put my affairs in order, i am leaving babylon 5.
you know, it's funny with him leaving and taking lyta with him and franklin taking a job back on earth me leaving soon, londo gone...
hell, even sheridan's heading off to minbar with delenn as soon as he gets the new facilities for the alliance in order.
you can't hurt bester because of the neural block but you can help me bring down everything he cares about.
you can help me destroy the psi corps and free my people.
the kind of weapons you drop when you're out of small weapons and the medium weapons and you've got nothing left to use.
someone like that would be the telepathic equivalent of a thermonuclear device.
when stephen had his problem a couple of years ago i didn't offer my help when i should have and he damn near died trying to deal with his problem on his own.
i have made a lot of mistakes, same as everybody else.
we've had our problems, michael but i am still your friend.
you have to understand that your problem is not between you and me you and your job, or any of that.
doctors are supposed to get involved in errands of mercy and that's how they pitched it to me.
they want me to tell you that your homeworld is up in arms, g'kar.
you came through it alive, which they're considering another big miracle and you don't want the power.
people love giving power to those they believe don't want it.
i was just telling mr. allan that we've got a serious problem on our hands.
during the last month, there have been a dozen more attacks on psi corps property.
because you feel like you're alone, you need that anger to push away anybody whose compassion might contradict you.
because you feel like you're not in control hey, you may as well go even further out of control.
and because you can't hurt the people who hurt you, like bester you've gotta lash out at everybody else.
see, the drinking gives a control freak like you permission to let it go.
after my mother died, i had to go through the house and figure out what to sell, what to keep.
while i was going through the attic i came across some paintings.
i looked at the signature and they'd been painted by my father.
it was the one thing he loved, almost as much as he loved my mother.
and it was killing him not to one drink at a time.
he didn't see any way out of his life, any way to change it.
but that doesn't mean that you understand what i'm going through.
in all the time you've been here, i've never seen you drink.
either they try to help everybody else because they couldn't help themselves or they become alcoholics.
i couldn't stop what was happening to my father so i became the very thing i hated.
get her out of here and put her in level 1 lockup.
i hate myself for saying this but maybe you should've pulled the trigger while you could.
well, i just want to say i'm sorry for yelling at you earlier.
i know how hard that must've been for you and i appreciate what you said and why you said it.
we put her in the brig furthest away from any human contact and put the system on auto-maintenance.
now, that should make it harder for her to influence anyone to let her out.
she was adjusted by the vorlons dumped by the vorlons, used as a weapon, quit the corps lost the only man she ever loved and dedicated herself to finishing his work.
pick one or all of the above and, let's face it, she's pissed.
- no, no, i can't do that not until i get my act together, not until i get it all right.
well, then, you may as well give up, because nobody gets it 100 percent right.
i'm still trying to get a handle on running edgars industries.
there's a lot going on a lot i don't understand, a lot i don't want to understand.
you're doing it since you don't like what they've done to you and other telepaths.
well, we've got something in common because i don't like what they've done to me.
they messed with my mind, and bester planted a neural block in my head that keeps me from nailing that sucker's head to the wall.
that and a few other things that have happened lately have caused me a few problems.
i can have a very influential corporation talk to earth to drop the charges.
but i'd have to leave babylon 5 and not come back.
all the transactions are in a secret account and only she has access.
she's agreed to transfer the money into a secret fund that's gonna be used to help telepaths.
i give you my word every penny in that fund will be accounted for.
assuming this is true, i don't have the authority to let her go.
she is extremely powerful, very dangerous and, for my money, unstable.
i happened to catch the last part of your discussion and i believe we have a common solution to our respective problems.
somehow that message has gotten twisted so that i have become their idea of the truth personified.
once you turn into this, you can no longer be who you are.
you can only be what they want you to be, what they expect you to be.
if i return, they will try to make me into this and i cannot allow that.
and out of that came a new peace between our people.
i also realized that there is so much i have never seen.
i have learned a great deal about healing wounds and curing anger.
perhaps, in my way, i can help her deal with her own anger as i dealt with mine.
use that money to hurt the psi corps and help my people.
you can't hurt bester because of the neural block but you can help me bring down everything he cares about.
you know the vorlons used telepaths as weapons during the shadow war but what no one stopped to consider was that in a war you have a certain number of small weapons a certain number of medium-size weapons and one or two big ones.
the kind of weapons you drop when you're out of small weapons and the medium weapons and you've got nothing left to use.
when stephen had his problem a couple of years ago i didn't offer my help when i should have and he damn near died trying to deal with his problem on his own.
i have made a lot of mistakes, same as everybody else.
we've had our problems, michael but i am still your friend.
you have to understand that your problem is not between you and me you and your job, or any of that.
doctors are supposed to get involved in errands of mercy and that's how they pitched it to me.
they want me to tell you that your homeworld is up in arms, g'kar.
you came through it alive, which they're considering another not-so-minor miracle and you don't want the power.
people love giving power to those they believe don't want it.
i was just telling mr. allan that we've got a serious problem on our hands.
during the last month, there have been a dozen more attacks on psi corps property.
because you feel like you're alone, you need that anger to push away anybody whose compassion might contradict you.
because you feel like you're not in control hey, you may as well go even further out of control.
and because you can't hurt the people who hurt you, like bester you've gotta lash out at everybody else.
see, the drinking gives a control freak like you permission to let it go.
after my mother died, i had to go through the house and figure out what to sell, what to keep.
while i was going through the attic i came across some paintings.
i looked at the signature and they'd been painted by my father.
it was the one thing he loved, almost as much as he loved my mother.
and it was killing him not to one drink at a time.
he didn't see any way out of his life, any way to change it.
but that doesn't mean that you understand what i'm going through.
in all the time you've been here, i've never seen you drink.
either they try to help everybody else because they couldn't help themselves or they become alcoholics.
i couldn't stop what was happening to my father so i became the very thing i hated.
get her out of here and put her in level 1 lockup.
i hate myself for saying this but maybe you should've pulled the trigger while you could.
well, i just want to say i'm sorry for yelling at you earlier.
i know how hard that must've been for you and i appreciate what you said and why you said it.
we put her in the brig furthest away from any human contact and put the system on auto-maintenance.
now, that should make it harder for her to influence anyone to let her out.
she was adjusted by the vorlons dumped by the vorlons, used as a weapon, quit the corps lost the only man she ever loved and dedicated herself to finishing his work.
pick one or all of the above and, let's face it, she's pissed.
- no, no, i can't do that not until i get my act together, not until i get it all right.
well, then, you may as well give up, because nobody gets it 100 percent right.
i'm still trying to get a handle on running edgars industries.
there's a lot going on a lot i don't understand, a lot i don't want to understand.
you're doing it because you don't like what they've done to you and other telepaths.
well, we've got something in common because i don't like what they've done to me.
they messed with my mind, and bester planted a neural block in my head that keeps me from nailing that sucker's head to the wall.
that and a few other things that have happened lately have caused me a few problems.
i can have a very influential corporation talk to earth on your behalf to drop the charges.
but i'd have to leave babylon 5 and not come back.
all the transactions are in a secret account and only she has the access code.
she's agreed to transfer the money into a secret fund that's gonna be used to help telepaths.
i give you my word every penny in that fund will be accounted for.
assuming this is true, i don't have the authority to let her go.
she is extremely powerful, very dangerous and, for my money, unstable.
i happened to catch the last part of your discussion and i believe we have a common solution to our respective problems.
somehow that message has gotten twisted so that i have become their idea of the truth personified.
once you turn into this, you can no longer be who you are.
you can only be what they want you to be, what they expect you to be.
if i return, they will try to make me into this and i cannot allow that.
and out of that came a new peace between our people.
i also realized that there is so much i have never seen.
i have learned a great deal about healing wounds and curing anger.
perhaps, in my way, i can help her deal with her own anger as i dealt with mine.
use that money to hurt the psi corps and help my people.
you can't hurt bester because of the neural block but you can help me bring down everything he cares about.
you know the vorlons used telepaths as weapons during the shadow war but what no one stopped to consider was that in a war you have a certain number of small weapons a certain number of medium-size weapons and one or two big ones.
the kind of weapons you drop when you're out of small weapons and the medium weapons and you've got nothing left to use.
though i mourn for my own people, in all my life i don't think i've ever felt more pity for anyone than i do for him.
maybe emperor mollari has more of a chance at happiness than ambassador mollari ever did.
my presence on centauri prime during this little war has probably cooled their enthusiasm a bit.
i was afraid for a while that this cult of personality was getting out of hand.
what we went through at the end of the civil war, then coming here without even a break in between.
i tried to tell myself that it was just the strain of the last year or so.
disappointed because you felt that you couldn't come to me about this on your own.
when stephen had his problem a couple of years ago i didn't offer my help when i should have and he damn near died trying to deal with his problem on his own.
your government's been trying to get ahold of you ever since you got back but you're not taking calls.
it seemed a simpler way of achieving a little peace than hanging myself.
they want me to tell you that your homeworld is up in arms, g'kar.
half of them want you to take charge of the whole place.
apparently your people believe that your presence on centauri prime allowed them to attack without retribution.
you came through it alive, which they're considering another not-so-minor miracle and you don't want the power.
the other day i was thinking about what you said about god a few weeks ago and i remembered an old human saying:
"can god make a rock so big that even he can't lift it?"
at the site of every bombing we've found the words "remember byron" painted on the walls.
didn't you have a telepath named byron come through babylon 5 lately...
because you feel like you're not in control hey, you may as well go even further out of control.
and because you can't hurt the people who hurt you, like bester you've gotta lash out at everybody else.
he was mad at himself at what he was, at the walls that were closing in around him.
and because he was career military he thought he had to keep it buttoned up.
so you had a hard life and your old man had some real life problems.
but that doesn't mean that you understand what i'm going through.
in all the time you've been here, i've never seen you drink.
no, you haven't because i've got the same exact damn problem you've got.
you see children of alcoholics usually end up one of two ways.
either they try to help everybody else because they couldn't help themselves or they become alcoholics.
i couldn't stop what was happening to my father so i became the very thing i hated.
oh, if it could be swallowed, shot or smoked, oh, i did it until somebody very close to me died.
before we do that the reason that i was looking for you was...
well, i just want to say i'm sorry for yelling at you earlier.
i know how hard that must've been for you and i appreciate what you said and why you said it.
i don't know what i'm gonna do about it yet, but i just wanted to say thanks.
they say he's staying here out of a sense of obligation.
and that if we tell him to go home, he will.
there's a lot going on a lot i don't understand, a lot i don't want to understand.
you can be a huge help to me, and i can help you.
you said this is putting a terrible strain on her system.
will she be able to carry it full term and survive?
i know you think you can fight your way out of it but you're not gonna do any good if they keep you drugged for the trip home.
once they got you back i'd hate to visit psi corps headquarters and see bits of you floating around in jars of formaldehyde.
we know you've been funneling money to the underground and, in turn, hitting the psi corps.
you're doing it because you don't like what they've done to you and other telepaths.
well, we've got something in common because i don't like what they've done to me.
they messed with my mind, and bester planted a neural block in my head that keeps me from nailing that sucker's head to the wall.
i can't just let her wander around babylon 5 in her current state.
she is extremely powerful, very dangerous and, for my money, unstable.
for the last year i've tried to point my people toward the simple truth that we are one, regardless of race.
somehow that message has gotten twisted so that i have become their idea of the truth personified.
once you turn into this, you can no longer be who you are.
you can only be what they want you to be, what they expect you to be.
if i return, they will try to make me into this and i cannot allow that.
if i stay here, my followers will continue to disrupt babylon 5.
so you see, lyta and i are in the same position.
neither of us can go home and neither of us can stay here any longer.
perhaps, in my way, i can help her deal with her own anger as i dealt with mine.
either way, as soon as i put my affairs in order, i am leaving babylon 5.
you know, it's funny with him leaving and taking lyta with him and franklin taking a job back on earth me leaving soon, londo gone...
hell, even sheridan's heading off to minbar with delenn as soon as he gets the new facilities for the alliance in order.
you can't hurt bester because of the neural block but you can help me bring down everything he cares about.
you can help me destroy the psi corps and free my people.
the kind of weapons you drop when you're out of small weapons and the medium weapons and you've got nothing left to use.
someone like that would be the telepathic equivalent of a thermonuclear device.
when stephen had his problem a couple of years ago i didn't offer my help when i should have and he damn near died trying to deal with his problem on his own.
i have made a lot of mistakes, same as everybody else.
we've had our problems, michael but i am still your friend.
you have to understand that your problem is not between you and me you and your job, or any of that.
doctors are supposed to get involved in errands of mercy and that's how they pitched it to me.
they want me to tell you that your homeworld is up in arms, g'kar.
you came through it alive, which they're considering another not-so-minor miracle and you don't want the power.
people love giving power to those they believe don't want it.
i was just telling mr. allan that we've got a serious problem on our hands.
during the last month, there have been a dozen more attacks on psi corps property.
because you feel like you're alone, you need that anger to push away anybody whose compassion might contradict you.
because you feel like you're not in control hey, you may as well go even further out of control.
and because you can't hurt the people who hurt you, like bester you've gotta lash out at everybody else.
see, the drinking gives a control freak like you permission to let it go.
after my mother died, i had to go through the house and figure out what to sell, what to keep.
while i was going through the attic i came across some paintings.
i looked at the signature and they'd been painted by my father.
it was the one thing he loved, almost as much as he loved my mother.
and it was killing him not to one drink at a time.
he didn't see any way out of his life, any way to change it.
but that doesn't mean that you understand what i'm going through.
in all the time you've been here, i've never seen you drink.
either they try to help everybody else because they couldn't help themselves or they become alcoholics.
i couldn't stop what was happening to my father so i became the very thing i hated.
get her out of here and put her in level 1 lockup.
i hate myself for saying this but maybe you should've pulled the trigger while you could.
well, i just want to say i'm sorry for yelling at you earlier.
i know how hard that must've been for you and i appreciate what you said and why you said it.
we put her in the brig furthest away from any human contact and put the system on auto-maintenance.
now, that should make it harder for her to influence anyone to let her out.
she was adjusted by the vorlons dumped by the vorlons, used as a weapon, quit the corps lost the only man she ever loved and dedicated herself to finishing his work.
pick one or all of the above and, let's face it, she's pissed.
- no, no, i can't do that not until i get my act together, not until i get it all right.
well, then, you may as well give up, because nobody gets it 100 percent right.
i'm still trying to get a handle on running edgars industries.
there's a lot going on a lot i don't understand, a lot i don't want to understand.
you're doing it because you don't like what they've done to you and other telepaths.
well, we've got something in common because i don't like what they've done to me.
they messed with my mind, and bester planted a neural block in my head that keeps me from nailing that sucker's head to the wall.
that and a few other things that have happened lately have caused me a few problems.
i can have a very influential corporation talk to earth on your behalf to drop the charges.
but i'd have to leave babylon 5 and not come back.
all the transactions are in a secret account and only she has the access code.
she's agreed to transfer the money into a secret fund that's gonna be used to help telepaths.
i give you my word every penny in that fund will be accounted for.
assuming this is true, i don't have the authority to let her go.
she is extremely powerful, very dangerous and, for my money, unstable.
i happened to catch the last part of your discussion and i believe we have a common solution to our respective problems.
somehow that message has gotten twisted so that i have become their idea of the truth personified.
once you turn into this, you can no longer be who you are.
you can only be what they want you to be, what they expect you to be.
if i return, they will try to make me into this and i cannot allow that.
and out of that came a new peace between our people.
i also realized that there is so much i have never seen.
i have learned a great deal about healing wounds and curing anger.
perhaps, in my way, i can help her deal with her own anger as i dealt with mine.
use that money to hurt the psi corps and help my people.
you can't hurt bester because of the neural block but you can help me bring down everything he cares about.
you know the vorlons used telepaths as weapons during the shadow war but what no one stopped to consider was that in a war you have a certain number of small weapons a certain number of medium-size weapons and one or two big ones.
the kind of weapons you drop when you're out of small weapons and the medium weapons and you've got nothing left to use.
though i mourn for my own people, in all my life i don't think i've ever felt more pity for anyone than i do for him.
maybe emperor mollari has more of a chance at happiness than ambassador mollari ever did.
my presence on centauri prime during this little war has probably cooled their enthusiasm a bit.
i was afraid for a while that this cult of personality was getting out of hand.
when stephen had his problem a couple of years ago i didn't offer my help when i should have and he damn near died trying to deal with his problem on his own.
i have made a lot of mistakes, same as everybody else.
we've had our problems, michael but i am still your friend.
you have to understand that your problem is not between you and me you and your job, or any of that.
doctors are supposed to get involved in errands of mercy and that's how they pitched it to me.
they want me to tell you that your homeworld is up in arms, g'kar.
you came through it alive, which they're considering another not-so-minor miracle and you don't want the power.
people love giving power to those they believe don't want it.
at the site of every bombing we've found the words "remember byron" painted on the walls.
didn't you have a telepath named byron come through babylon 5 lately leading a group of rogue telepaths?
because you feel like you're not in control hey, you may as well go even further out of control.
and because you can't hurt the people who hurt you, like bester you've gotta lash out at everybody else.
after my mother died, i had to go through the house and figure out what to sell, what to keep.
while i was going through the attic i came across some paintings.
i looked at the signature and they'd been painted by my father.
it was the one thing he loved, almost as much as he loved my mother.
and it was killing him not to one drink at a time.
he didn't see any way out of his life, any way to change it.
but that doesn't mean that you understand what i'm going through.
in all the time you've been here, i've never seen you drink.
either they try to help everybody else because they couldn't help themselves or they become alcoholics.
i couldn't stop what was happening to my father so i became the very thing i hated.
get her out of here and put her in level 1 lockup.
i hate myself for saying this but maybe you should've pulled the trigger while you could.
well, i just want to say i'm sorry for yelling at you earlier.
i know how hard that must've been for you and i appreciate what you said and why you said it.
we put her in the brig furthest away from any human contact and put the system on auto-maintenance.
now, that should make it harder for her to influence anyone to let her out.
she was adjusted by the vorlons dumped by the vorlons, used as a weapon, quit the corps lost the only man she ever loved and dedicated herself to finishing his work.
pick one or all of the above and, let's face it, she's pissed.
- no, no, i can't do that not until i get my act together, not until i get it all right.
well, then, you may as well give up, because nobody gets it 100 percent right.
i'm still trying to get a handle on running edgars industries.
there's a lot going on a lot i don't understand, a lot i don't want to understand.
you're doing it because you don't like what they've done to you and other telepaths.
well, we've got something in common because i don't like what they've done to me.
they messed with my mind, and bester planted a neural block in my head that keeps me from nailing that sucker's head to the wall.
that and a few other things that have happened lately have caused me a few problems.
i can have a very influential corporation... talk to earth on your behalf to drop the charges.
but i'd have to leave babylon 5 and not come back.
all the transactions are in a secret account... and only she has the access code.
she's agreed to transfer the money into a secret fund that's gonna be used to help telepaths.
i give you my word every penny in that fund will be accounted for.
assuming this is true, i don't have the authority to let her go.
she is extremely powerful, very dangerous and, for my money, unstable.
i happened to catch the last part of your discussion and i believe we have a common solution to our respective problems.
somehow that message has gotten twisted so that i have become their idea of the truth personified.
once you turn into this, you can no longer be who you are.
you can only be what they want you to be, what they expect you to be.
if i return, they will try to make me into this and i cannot allow that.
and out of that came a new peace between our people.
i also realized that there is so much i have never seen.
i have learned a great deal about healing wounds and curing anger.
perhaps, in my way, i can help her deal with her own anger as i dealt with mine.
use that money to hurt the psi corps and help my people.
you can't hurt bester because of the neural block but you can help me bring down everything he cares about.
you know the vorlons used telepaths as weapons during the shadow war but what no one stopped to consider was that in a war you have a certain number of small weapons a certain number of medium-size weapons and one or two big ones.
the kind of weapons you drop when you're out of small weapons and the medium weapons and you've got nothing left to use.
we visited them on two occasions and concluded that in this case, we had to remove them.
do you want to take the children home or stay with them?
one of you can wash the clothes, the other can take the broom and sweep the yard.
otherwise the social worker will say you haven't learnt anything, that you haven't washed, that you're dirty.
my father turns the alarm off on a friday so he can sleep.
don't buy one like that, because it rings very early in the morning.
the other day, you had a watch that went "choo choo".
just as you came, a train went past, going "choo choo"
i went into the woods alone to climb the tallest tree.
almost at the top, i slipped and fell, but managed... just...
i hung there till my head began to burst... and my arms began to feel... like they were being torn from my body.
i can feel it now... the blood pounding in my ears, the terrible pain... and the dread of falling.
in the opinion of the police doctor, death would have been instantaneous.
my conclusion, therefore, in the case of sarah duncan, is one of accidental death.
the body has been identified as that of maria vaughan, who was reported missing nearly five weeks ago.
the police, who have launched a murder inquiry, has said that if the spanish-owned vessel had not been using illegal nets, the body would never have been found.
one night confucius dreamt that he was taken to visit the damned in hell.
he was very surprised to see that hell was a beautiful banqueting room... with the damned sitting around the table, groaning under the weight of the most delicious food he had ever seen.
they were allowed to eat anything they liked, but they had to use chopsticks, and the chopsticks were five foot long.
the damned were starving, staring in agony at the uneaten food before them, knowing that even with all eternity in which to solve the problem, it could not be done.
the people around the tables are happy and well-fed, but they, too, must obey the same rule.
the food can only be eaten with chopsticks that are five foot long.
i know as much as you're likely to find out after three weeks.
anyway, i like a man with a bit of mystery about him.
in china, they're usually given to the first grandchild, which happened to be me.
it means that the baby will always be fed, always be safe.
even the slightest failure to behave like a young lady, and i'd get some story about what happened to little girls... who didn't make up their beds or who came home late for tea.
so i don't judge a book by its cover, i never look before i leap,
ought to be against the law not to have any vowels in your name.
so this woman's been in labor now, for what, 27 hours.
so the shortages are so bad over there, you even have to queue for vowels.
if you have an "a" in your name, you have to be prepared to sleep with the chief of police.
i'm doing some research for the welcome foundation... into how extreme emotional states... can cause the body to form crystals like those.
so, you could say that this is rage, this resentment, malice, fury, spite, and that big one there, bad temper.
who is this that comes like a pillar of smoke out of the wilderness, perfumed with myrrh and frankincense?
the joints of thy thighs are like jewels, the work of a cunning craftsman.
if you want to take a closer look at any of them, just call out the number... and we'll get them to step forward.
i have to point out to you that the person you saw may or may not be here.
for evil people to be off somewhere... insidiously committing evil deeds.
then they can be separate from ordinary men and women... and destroyed.
but the line that separates good and evil... cuts through every human heart.
and who is willing to destroy a piece of his own heart?
i'm thinking how... how nice she looked, how beautiful she still was.
and this was very pleasant, and we should do it as often as we used to.
but in between thinking how nice she looked and we should do this more often,
i was... also thinking of a young woman... on the other side of the restaurant.
when i was a child, there was nothing you could do for people with asthma.
my mother used to lie with me all through the night... when i was really bad and i couldn't breathe.
i went into the woods alone to climb the tallest tree.
almost at the top, i slipped and fell, but managed... just...
i hung there till my head began to burst... and my arms began to feel... like they were being torn from my body.
i can feel it now... the blood pounding in my ears, the terrible pain... and the dread of falling.
in the opinion of the police doctor, death would have been instantaneous.
my conclusión, therefore, in the case of sarah duncan, is one of accidental death.
therewasagrim discovery in the english channel... early this morning... after a trawler fishing ten miles off the suffolk coast... pulled up the body of a young woman in its nets.
the body has been identified as that of maria vaughan, who was reported missing nearly five weeks ago.
one night confucius dreamt that he was taken to visit the damned in hell.
he was very surprised to see that hell was a beautiful banqueting room... with the damned sitting around the table, groaning under the weight of the most delicious food he had ever seen.
they were allowed to eat anything they liked, but they had to use chopsticks, and the chopsticks were five foot long.
the damned were starving, staring in agony at the uneaten food before them, knowing that even with all eternity in which to solve the problem, it could not be done.
the people around the tables are happy and well-fed, but they, too, must obey the same rule.
the food can only be eaten with chopsticks that are five foot long.
i know as much as you're likely to find out after three weeks.
anyway, i like a man with a bit of mystery about him.
in china, they're usually given to the first grandchild, which happened to be me.
it means that the baby will always be fed, always be safe.
even the slightest failure to behave like a young lady, and i'd get some story about what happened to little girls... who didn't make up their beds or who came home late for tea.
so i don't judge a book by its cover, i never look before i leap,
i'd have never known how to pronounce that if i'd only seen it written down.
so the shortages are so bad over there, you even have to queue for vowels.
if you have an "a" in your name, you have to be prepared to sleep with the chief of police.
if you're not going to eat that, anne, i'll have it.
i'm doing some research for the wellcome foundation... into how extreme emotional states... can cause the body to form crystals like those.
so, you could say that this is rage, this resentment, malice, fury, spite, and that big one there, bad temper.
who is this that comes like a pillar of smoke out of the wilderness, perfumed with myrrh and frankincense?
the joints of thy thighs are like jewels, the work of a cunning craftsman.
if you want to take a closer look at any of them, just call out the number... and we'll get them to step forward.
uh, i have to point out to you that the person you saw may or may not be here.
it was a card someone gave me... a medical supplier, jeremy o'grady.
it could have led to a nasty surprise for mr. o'grady.
i can't do it this quickly, accept apologies when i'm still angry.
you can't say something like that, and then just say sorry.
then they can be separate from ordinary men and women... and destroyed.
but the line that separates good and evil... cuts through every human heart.
there was a grim discovery in the english channel... early this morning... after a trawler fishing ten miles off the suffolk coast... pulled up the body of a young woman in its nets.
the body has been identified as that of maria vaughan, who was reported missing nearly five weeks ago.
one night confucius dreamt that he was taken to visit the damned in hell.
he was very surprised to see that hell was a beautiful banqueting room... with the damned sitting around the table, groaning under the weight of the most delicious food he had ever seen.
they were allowed to eat anything they liked, but they had to use chopsticks, and the chopsticks were five foot long.
the damned were starving, staring in agony at the uneaten food before them, knowing that even with all eternity in which to solve the problem, it could not be done.
the people around the tables are happy and well-fed, but they, too, must obey the same rule.
the food can only be eaten with chopsticks that are five foot long.
old sports cars are all very well, but basically, the engine's clapped out.
if you want to sell it before you leave on yet another leg...
i know as much as you're likely to find out after three weeks.
anyway, i like a man with a bit of mystery about him.
in china, they 're usually given to the first grandchild, which happened to be me.
it means that the baby will always be fed, always be safe .
even the slightest failure to behave like a young lady, and i'd get some story about what happened to little girls... who didn't make up their beds or who came home late for tea.
so i don't judge a book by its cover, i never look before i leap,
so the shortages are so bad over there, you even have to queue for vowels.
if you have an "a" in your name, you have to be prepared to sleep with the chief of police.
one that is human, built over another that is mammalian, built over yet another that's reptilian.
so... when a psychiatrist asks you to lie down on the couch, you're being asked to lie down with a horse... and with a crocodile.
if you want to take a closer look at any of them, just call out the number... and we'll get them to step forward.
uh, i have to point out to you that the person you saw may or may not be here.
for evil people to be off somewhere... insidiously committing evil deeds.
then they can be separate from ordinary men and women... and destroyed.
but the line that separates good and evil... cuts through every human heart.
and who is willing to destroy a piece of his own heart ?
i'm thinking how-- how nice she looked, how beautiful she still was.
and this was very pleasant, and we should do it as often as we used to.
but in between thinking how nice she looked and we should do this more often,
i was... also thinking of a young woman... on the other side of the restaurant.
but what struck me more than all that was that... she had the most lovely smile.
should i have told my wife , do you think ?
[man] though there were no witnesses to the accident, the police have informed the coroner's court... that sarah duncan's car must have been traveling... in excess of 80 miles an hour at the moment of impact.
in the opinion of the police doctor, death would have been instantaneous.
my conclusion, therefore, in the case of sarah duncan, is one of accidental death.
finally, i would like to offer the court's condolences to miss duncan's family... and to her fiance, mr. steven grlscz.
the body has been identified as that of maria vaughan, who was reported missing nearly five weeks ago.
[louder] the police, who have launched a murder inquiry, has said that if the spanish-owned vessel had not been using illegal nets, the body would never have been found.
one night confucius dreamt that he was taken to visit the damned in hell.
he was very surprised to see that hell was a beautiful banqueting room... with the damned sitting around the table, groaning under the weight of the most delicious food he had ever seen.
they were allowed to eat anything they liked, but they had to use chopsticks, and the chopsticks were five foot long.
the damned were starving, staring in agony at the uneaten food before them, knowing that even with all eternity in which to solve the problem, it could not be done.
the people around the tables are happy and well-fed, but they, too, must obey the same rule.
the food can only be eaten with chopsticks that are five foot long.
old sports cars are all very well, but basically, the engine's clapped out.
if you want to sell it before you leave on yet another leg... of your world tour of building sites, you'll have to spend at least 2,000.
in china, they're usually given to the first grandchild, which happened to be me.
it means that the baby will always be fed, always be safe.
even the slightest failure to behave like a young lady, and i'd get some story about what happened to little girls... who didn't make up their beds or who came home late for tea.
so i don't judge a book by its cover, i never look before i leap,
so the shortages are so bad over there, you even have to queue for vowels.
if you have an "a" in your name, you have to be prepared to sleep with the chief of police.
i'm doing some research for the wellcome foundation... into how extreme emotional states... can cause the body to form crystals like those.
so, you could say that this is rage, this resentment, malice, fury, spite, and that big one there, bad temper.
who is this that comes like a pillar of smoke out of the wilderness, perfumed with myrrh and frankincense?
the joints of thy thighs are like jewels, the work of a cunning craftsman.
i can't do it this quickly, accept apologies when i'm still angry.
you can't say something like that, and then just say sorry.
for evil people to be off somewhere... insidiously committing evil deeds.
then they can be separate from ordinary men and women... and destroyed.
but the line that separates good and evil... cuts through every human heart.
and who is willing to destroy a piece of his own heart?
i'm thinking how... how nice she looked, how beautiful she still was.
and this was very pleasant, and we should do it as often as we used to.
but in between thinking how nice she looked and we should do this more often,
i was... also thinking of a young woman... on the other side of the restaurant.
[anne] when i was a child, there was nothing you could do for people with asthma.
my mother used to lie with me all through the night... when i was really bad and i couldn't breathe.
now dude, that's a name no one would self-apply where i come from.
but then, there was a lot about the dude that didn't make a whole lot of sense to me, and a lot about where he lived, likewise.
so i can die with a smile on my face without feeling like the good lord gypped me.
now this here story i'm about to unfold took place back in the early nineties, just about the time of our conflict with saddam and the iraqis.
i hope that someday my wife will learn to live on her allowance, which is ample, but if she does not, that is her problem, not mine, just as the rug is your problem, just as every bum's lot in life
is his own responsibility, regardless of who he chooses to blame.
i'm not buying it a fucking beer, he's not taking your fucking turn, dude.
man, if my fucking ex-wife asked me to take care of her fucking dog while she and her boyfriend went to honolulu,
please do call us as soon as you get in, and i'll send a limo.
i hope you're not avoiding this call because of the rug..
i can look back on a life of achievement, challenges met, competitors bested, obstacles overcome.
i've accomplished more than most men and without the use of my legs.
they want you to take the money, drive north on the 405.
they will call you on the portable phone with instructions in about 40 minutes.
i don't drive a car, i don't fuckin' ride in a car,
i don't handle money, i don't turn on the oven, and i sure as shit don't fucking roll!
little matter to me that this woman chose to pursue a career in pornography nor that she has been "banging" jackie treehorn, to use the parlance of our times, however,
i am one of the 2 trustees of the lebowski foundation, the other being my father.
little lebowski urban achievers, yes, and proud we are of all of them,
i asked my father about his withdrawal of $1 million from the foundation account, and he told me about this abduction.
speaking of which, do you think that you could, give me my 20,000 in cash?
my concern is... and i gotta check with my accountant but this might bump me into a higher tax,
keep your ugly fucking gold-bricking ass out of my beach community.
# i want to sleep with you in the desert tonight #
as if we would ever dream of taking your bullshit money!
you thought that bunny had been kidnapped, and you were fucking glad, man.
and when you're sitting there in your silk upholstered chair talkin' to some rich folks that you know
well, i hope you don't see me in my ragged company
i guess that's how the whole darn human comedy keeps perpetuating itself down through the generations.
westward in the wagons, and across the sands of time until we
we can't afford to invest in little extras, like story, production value, feelings.
you know, people forget that the brain is the biggest erogenous zone.
keep your ugly fucking gold-bricking ass out of my beach community.
# i want to sleep with you in the desert tonight #
as if we would ever dream of taking your bullshit money!
you thought that bunny had been kidnapped, and you were fucking glad, man.
i guess that's how the whole darn human comedy keeps perpetuating itself down through the generations.
westward in the wagons, and across the sands of time until we--
now, dude, that's a name no one would self-apply where i come from.
there was a lot about the dude that didn't make sense to me, and a lot about where he lived, likewise.
'course i can't say i seen london, and i never been to france, and i ain't never seen no queen in her damned undies.
but i'll tell you what, after seeing los angeles and this story i'm about to unfold, well, i guess i seen somethin' every bit as stupefyin' as you'd see in any other places, and in english, too.
so i can die with a smile on my face without feeling like the good lord gypped me.
now, this story i'm about to unfold took place back in the early 90s, about the time of our conflict with saddam and the iraqis.
he fits right in there, and that's the dude, in los angeles.
and even if he's a lazy man, and the dude was most certainly that, quite possibly the laziest in los angeles county, which would place him high in the running for laziest worldwide.
i hope that my wife will learn to live on her ample allowance.
if not, that's her problem, not mine, just as the rug is your problem, just as every bum's lot in life is his own responsibility, regardless of who he chooses to blame.
i didn't rent it shoes, i'm not buying it a beer, he's not taking your turn, dude.
if my ex-wife asked me to take care of her dog while she and her boyfriend went to honolulu,
i'm performing my dance quintet, you know, my cycle, at crane jackson's fountain street theatre on tuesday night.
and, well, i'd love it if you came and gave me notes.
'i hope you're not avoiding this call because of the rug, 'which, i assure you, is not a problem.
'we need your help, and, uh... 'well, we'd like to see you.
i can look back on a life of achievement, challenges met, competitors bested, obstacles overcome.
i've accomplished more than most men and without the use of my legs.
let me tell you something, pendejo, you pull any crazy shit with us, you flash a piece out on the lanes,
i'll take it and stick it up your ass and pull the fuckin' trigger till it goes click.
if you do so, i will compensate you to the tune of 10% of the recovered sum.
a hundred thousand, yes, bones or clams or whatever you call them.
your money is being held by a kid named larry sellers.
he lives in north hollywood, on radford, uh... by the in 'n' out burger.
'nam was a foot soldier's war, whereas this thing should, you know, be a piece of cake.
i mean, i had an m16 jacko, not an abrams fucking tank.
as a surfer, he explored the beaches of southern california, from la jolla to leo carrillo and up to pismo.
he died... he died as so many men of his generation, before his time.
now, dude, that's a name no one would self-apply where i come from.
there was a lot about the dude that didn't make sense to me, and a lot about where he lived, likewise.
'course i can't say i seen london, and i never been to france, and i ain't never seen no queen in her damned undies.
but i'll tell you what, after seeing los angeles and this story i'm about to unfold, well, i guess i seen somethin' every bit as stupefyin' as you'd see in any other places, and in english, too.
so i can die with a smile on my face without feeling like the good lord gypped me.
now, this story i'm about to unfold took place back in the early 90s, about the time of our conflict with saddam and the iraqis.
he fits right in there, and that's the dude, in los angeles.
and even if he's a lazy man, and the dude was most certainly that, quite possibly the laziest in los angeles county, which would place him high in the running for laziest worldwide.
i hope that my wife will learn to live on her ample allowance.
if not, that's her problem, not mine, just as the rug is your problem, just as every bum's lot in life is his own responsibility, regardless of who he chooses to blame.
i didn't rent it shoes, i'm not buying it a beer, he's not taking your turn, dude.
if my ex-wife asked me to take care of her dog while she and her boyfriend went to honolulu,
'i hope you're not avoiding this call because of the rug, 'which, i assure you, is not a problem.
'we need your help, and, uh... 'well, we'd like to see you.
i can look back on a life of achievement, challenges met, competitors bested, obstacles overcome.
i've accomplished more than most men and without the use of my legs.
little matter that she pursues a career in pornography nor that she's been "banging" jackie treehorn, to use the parlance of our times.
but i am one of the two trustees of the lebowski foundation, the other being my father.
speaking of which, do you think that you could... give me my 20,000 in cash?
my concern is... and i gotta check with my accountant... but this might bump me into a higher tax...
since you have failed to achieve, even in the modest task which was your charge, since you have stolen my money, since you have unrepentantly betrayed my trust...
i have no choice but to tell these bums to do whatever is necessary to recover their money from you, jeffrey lebowski.
say what you want about the tenets of national socialism, at least it's an ethos.
and also, let's not forget, dude, that keeping wildlife, an amphibious rodent for, you know, domestic... within the city...
sir, i just want to say that we're both, on a personal level, really enormous fans.
"branded", especially the early episodes, was truly a source of inspiration...
now that we're competing with amateurs, we can't afford to invest in extras, like story, production value, feelings.
you know, people forget that the brain is the biggest erogenous zone.
your money is being held by a kid named larry sellers.
he lives in north hollywood, on radford, uh... by the in 'n' out burger.
but then, why doesn't he give a shit about his million bucks?
i mean, he knows we never handed off his briefcase, but he never asked for it back.
i see what you're getting at, dude, he kept the money.
my point is... here we are, it's shabbos, which i'm allowed to break only if it's a matter of life or death.
but then i happen to know that there's a little lebowski on the way.
i guess that's how the whole darn human comedy keeps perpetuating itself down through the generations.
now, dude, that's a name no one would self-apply where i come from.
there was a lot about the dude that didn't make sense to me, and a lot about where he lived, likewise.
'course i can't say i seen london, and i never been to france, and i ain't never seen no queen in her damned undies.
but i'll tell you what, after seeing los angeles and this story i'm about to unfold, well, i guess i seen somethin' every bit as stupefyin' as you'd see in any other places, and in english, too.
so i can die with a smile on my face without feeling like the good lord gypped me.
now, this story i'm about to unfold took place back in the early 90s, about the time of our conflict with saddam and the iraqis.
he fits right in there, and that's the dude, in los angeles.
and even if he's a lazy man, and the dude was most certainly that, quite possibly the laziest in los angeles county, which would place him high in the running for laziest worldwide.
i hope that my wife will learn to live on her ample allowance.
if not, that's her problem, not mine, just as the rug is your problem, just as every bum's lot in life is his own responsibility, regardless of who he chooses to blame.
i didn't rent it shoes, i'm not buying it a beer, he's not taking your turn, dude.
if my ex-wife asked me to take care of her dog while she and her boyfriend went to honolulu,
i'm performing my dance quintet, you know, my cycle, at crane jackson's fountain street theatre on tuesday night.
and, well, i'd love it if you came and gave me notes.
'i hope you're not avoiding this call because of the rug, 'which, i assure you, is not a problem.
'we need your help, and, uh... 'well, we'd like to see you.
i can look back on a life of achievement, challenges met, competitors bested, obstacles overcome.
i've accomplished more than most men and without the use of my legs.
if you do so, i will compensate you to the tune of 10% of the recovered sum.
a hundred thousand, yes, bones or clams or whatever you call them.
he lives in north hollywood, on radford, uh... by the in 'n' out burger.
a fuckin' brat, but i'm sure you can get it off him.
'nam was a foot soldier's war, whereas this thing should, you know, be a piece of cake.
i mean, i had an m16 jacko, not an abrams fucking tank.
as a surfer, he explored the beaches of southern california, from la jolla to leo carrillo and up to pismo.
he died... he died as so many men of his generation, before his time.
now, dude, that's a name no one would self-apply where i come from.
there was a lot about the dude that didn't make sense to me, and a lot about where he lived, likewise.
'course i can't say i seen london, and i never been to france, and i ain't never seen no queen in her damned undies.
but i'll tell you what, after seeing los angeles and this story i'm about to unfold, well, i guess i seen somethin' every bit as stupefyin' as you'd see in any other places, and in english, too.
so i can die with a smile on my face without feeling like the good lord gypped me.
now, this story i'm about to unfold took place back in the early 90s, about the time of our conflict with saddam and the iraqis.
he fits right in there, and that's the dude, in los angeles.
and even if he's a lazy man, and the dude was most certainly that, quite possibly the laziest in los angeles county, which would place him high in the running for laziest worldwide.
'please, call when you get in, and i'll send a limo.
'i hope you're not avoiding this call because of the rug, 'which, i assure you, is not a problem.
let me tell you something, pendejo, you pull any crazy shit with us, you flash a piece out on the lanes,
i'll take it and stick it up your ass and pull the fuckin' trigger till it goes click.
little matter that she pursues a career in pornography nor that she's been "banging" jackie treehorn, to use the parlance of our times.
but i am one of the two trustees of the lebowski foundation, the other being my father.
say what you want about the tenets of national socialism, at least it's an ethos.
and also, let's not forget, dude, that keeping wildlife, an amphibious rodent for, you know, domestic... within the city...
now that we're competing with amateurs, we can't afford to invest in extras, like story, production value, feelings.
you know, people forget that the brain is the biggest erogenous zone.
your money is being held by a kid named larry sellers.
he lives in north hollywood, on radford, uh... by the in 'n' out burger.
but then, why doesn't he give a shit about his million bucks?
i mean, he knows we never handed off his briefcase, but he never asked for it back.
i see what you're getting at, dude, he kept the money.
my point is... here we are, it's shabbos, which i'm allowed to break only if it's a matter of life or death.
as a surfer, he explored the beaches of southern california, from la jolla to leo carrillo and up to pismo.
he died... he died as so many men of his generation, before his time.
now, dude, that's a name no one would self... apply where i come from.
there was a lot about the dude that didn't make sense to me, and a lot about where he lived, likewise.
'course i can't say i seen london, and i never been to france, and i ain't never seen no queen in her damned undies.
but i'll tell you what, after seeing los angeles and this story i'm about to unfold, well, i guess i seen somethin' every bit as stupefyin' as you'd see in any other places, and in english, too.
so i can die with a smile on my face without feeling like the good lord gypped me.
now, this story i'm about to unfold took place back in the early 90s, about the time of our conflict with saddam and the iraqis.
he fits right in there, and that's the dude, in los angeles.
and even if he's a lazy man, and the dude was most certainly that, quite possibly the laziest in los angeles county, which would place him high in the running for laziest worldwide.
i'm performing my dance quintet, you know, my cycle, at crane jackson's fountain street theatre on tuesday night.
and, well, i'd love it if you came and gave me notes.
'i hope you're not avoiding this call because of the rug, 'which, i assure you, is not a problem.
'we need your help, and, uh... 'well, we'd like to see you.
i can look back on a life of achievement, challenges met, competitors bested, obstacles overcome.
i've accomplished more than most men and without the use of my legs.
if you do so, i will compensate you to the tune of 10% of the recovered sum.
a hundred thousand, yes, bones or clams or whatever you call them.
say what you want about the tenets of national socialism, at least it's an ethos.
and also, let's not forget, dude, that keeping wildlife, an amphibious rodent for, you know, domestic... within the city...
sir, i just want to say that we're both, on a personal level, really enormous fans.
"branded", especially the early episodes, was truly a source of inspiration...
now that we're competing with amateurs, we can't afford to invest in extras, like story, production value, feelings.
you know, people forget that the brain is the biggest erogenous zone.
your money is being held by a kid named larry sellers.
he lives in north hollywood, on radford, uh... by the in 'n' out burger.
but then, why doesn't he give a shit about his million bucks?
i mean, he knows we never handed off his briefcase, but he never asked for it back.
i see what you're getting at, dude, he kept the money.
my point is... here we are, it's shabbos, which i'm allowed to break only if it's a matter of life or death.
'nam was a foot soldier's war, whereas this thing should, you know, be a piece of cake.
i mean, i had an m16 jacko, not an abrams fucking tank.
but then i happen to know that there's a little lebowski on the way.
i guess that's how the whole darn human comedy keeps perpetuating itself down through the generations.
now dude, that's a name no one would self-apply where i come from.
but then, there was a lot about the dude that didn't make a whole lot of sense to me, and a lot about where he lived, likewise.
so i can die with a smile on my face without feeling like the good lord gypped me.
now this here story i'm about to unfold took place back in the early nineties, just about the time of our conflict with saddam and the iraqis.
i hope that someday my wife will learn to live on her allowance, which is ample, but if she does not, that is her problem, not mine, just as the rug is your problem, just as every bum's lot in life
is his own responsibility, regardless of who he chooses to blame.
i'm not buying it a fucking beer, he's not taking your fucking turn, dude.
man, if my fucking ex-wife asked me to take care of her fucking dog while she and her boyfriend went to honolulu,
please do call us as soon as you get in, and i'll send a limo.
i hope you're not avoiding this call because of the rug..
i can look back on a life of achievement, challenges met, competitors bested, obstacles overcome.
i've accomplished more than most men and without the use of my legs.
they want you to take the money, drive north on the 405.
they will call you on the portable phone with instructions in about 40 minutes.
i don't drive a car, i don't fuckin' ride in a car,
i don't handle money, i don't turn on the oven, and i sure as shit don't fucking roll!
little matter to me that this woman chose to pursue a career in pornography nor that she has been "banging" jackie treehorn, to use the parlance of our times, however,
i am one of the 2 trustees of the lebowski foundation, the other being my father.
little lebowski urban achievers, yes, and proud we are of all of them,
i asked my father about his withdrawal of $1 million from the foundation account, and he told me about this abduction.
speaking of which, do you think that you could, give me my 20,000 in cash?
my concern is..and i gotta check with my accountant but this might bump me into a higher tax,
you thought that bunny had been kidnapped, and you were fucking glad, man.
you could use it as an excuse to make some money disappear.
my father told me he agreed to let you have the rug,
but as it was a gift from me to my late mother,
well, i guess i seen somethin' every bit as stupefyin' as you'd see in any of those other places, and in english, too.
so i can die with a smile on my face without feeling like the good lord gypped me.
but sometimes there's a man, and i'm talking about the dude here, sometimes there's a man, well, he's the man for his time and place.
he fits right in there, and that's the dude, in los angeles.
inner-city children of promise but without the necessary means for-- necessary means for a higher education.
so mr. lebowski is committed to sending all of them to college.
i hope that someday my wife will learn to live on her allowance, which is ample, but if she does not, that is her problem, not mine, just as the rug is your problem, just as every bum's lot in life
is his own responsibility, regardless of who he chooses to blame.
i can't leave him home alone or he eats the furniture.
i'm watching it while cynthia and marty ackerman are in hawaii.
dude, i--i finally got-- i got the, uh, the venue i wanted.
i'm performing my dance quintet, you know, my cycle, at crane jackson's fountain street theater on tuesday night, and, well, i'd love it if you came and gave me notes.
i can look back on a life of achievement, challenges met, competitors bested, obstacles overcome.
i've accomplished more than most men and without the use of my legs.
he believes the culprits might be the very people who, uh...
soiled your rug, and you're in a unique position to confirm or disconfirm that suspicion.
he did 6 months at chino for exposing himself to an 8-year-old.
when he moved to hollywood, hhe had to go door-to-door to tell everyone he was a pederast.
let me tell you something, pendejo, you pull any crazy shit with us, you flash a piece out on the lanes,
i'll take it away from you and stick it up your ass and pull the fuckin' trigger till it goes click.
he doesn't approve of my lifestyle, and, needless to say, i don't approve of his.
however, i hardly wish to make my father's embezzlement a police matter, so i'm proposing that you try to recover the money from the people you delivered it to.
speaking of which, do you think that you could, uh, give me my 20,000 in cash?
my concern is--and i gotta check with my accountant-- but this might bump me into a higher tax, uh--
we can't afford to invest in little extras, like story, production value, feelings.
you know, people forget that the brain is the biggest erogenous zone.
keep your ugly fucking gold-bricking ass out of my beach community.
# i want to sleep with you in the desert tonight #
as if we would ever dream of taking your bullshit money!
you thought that bunny had been kidnapped, and you were fucking glad, man.
i guess that's how the whole darn human comedy keeps perpetuating itself down through the generations.
westward in the wagons, and across the sands of time until we--
but then there was a lot about the dude that didn't make a whole lot of sense to me, and a lot about where he lived likewise.
but then again, maybe that's why i found the place so darned interesting.
so i can die with a smile on my face without feeling like the good lord gypped me.
now, this here story i'm about to unfold took place back in the early '90s, just about the time of our conflict with saddam and the iraqis.
no, i did, but, you know, i spent most of my time occupying various administration buildings, smoking a lot of thai stick, breaking into the rotc and bowling.
tell you the truth, brandt, i don't remember most of it.
i hope that someday my wife will learn to live on her allowance, which is ample.
but if she does not, that is her problem, not mine, just as the rug is your problem.
i just got an informal report that a member of your team, a walter sobchak, drew a firearm during league play.
if this is true, of course, it contravenes a number of the league's bylaws and also article 27 of the league...
i'm performing my dance quintet, you know, my cycle, at crane jackson's fountain street theater on tuesday night.
and, well, i'd love it if you came and gave me notes.
please do call us as soon as you get in and i'll send the limo.
i hope you're not avoiding this call because of the rug, which i assure you is not a problem.
i can look back on a life of achievement, challenges met, competitors bested, obstacles overcome.
i've accomplished more than most men and without the use of my legs.
he did six months in chino for exposing himself to an eight-year-old.
when he moved to hollywood, he had to go door-to-door to tell everyone he was a pederast.
they want you to take the money, drive north on the 405.
they will call you on the portable phone with instructions in about 40 minutes.
little matter to me that this woman chose to pursue a career in pornography, nor that she has been banging jackie treehorn, to use the parlance of our times.
however, i am one of the two trustees of the lebowski foundation, the other being my father.
i asked my father about his withdrawal of $1 million from the foundation account, and he told me about this abduction, but i tell you it is preposterous.
this compulsive fornicator is taking my father for the proverbial ride.
however, i hardly wish to make my father's embezzlement a police matter.
so i'm proposing that you try to recover the money from the people you delivered it to.
speaking of which, do you think that you could give me my $20,000 in cash?
my concern is, and i've gotta check it with my accountant, that this might bump me up into a higher tax...
i have no choice but to tell these bums to do whatever is necessary to recover their money from you, jeffrey lebowski.
and with brandt as my witness, i will tell you this, any further harm visited upon bunny will be visited tenfold upon your head.
sir, if you don't calm down, i'm gonna have to ask you to leave.
lady, i got buddies who died face down in the muck so that you and i can enjoy this family restaurant!
a lot of what-have-yous and a lot of strands to keep in my head, man.
you know, a lot of strands in the old duder's head.
now that we're competing with those amateurs, we can't afford to invest in little extras like story, production value, feelings.
you know, people forget that the brain is the biggest erogenous zone.
your money is being held by a kid named larry sellers.
he lives in north hollywood on radford, by the in-n-out burger.
okay, but then why doesn't he give a shit about his million bucks?
i mean, he knows we never handed off his briefcase, but he never asked for it back.
you know, it's all a part of your sick cynthia thing.
man, taking care of her fucking dog, going to her fucking synagogue.
i say i entrusted the money to you and you stole it.
as if we would ever dream of taking your bullshit money!
you thought that bunny had been kidnapped, and you were fucking glad, man.
you could use it as an excuse to make some money disappear.
whereas this whole fucking thing, this whole fucking thing is nothing about nothing, about oil, which is what i personally hear, dude.
sure you'll see some tank battles, but fighting in desert is very different from fighting in canopy jungle.
he died as so many young men of his generation, before his time.
in your wisdom, lord, you took him, as you took so many bright, flowering young men at khe sanh, at lan doc, at hill 364.
now dude, that's a name no one would self-apply where i come from.
but then there was a lot about the dude that didn't make a whole lot of sense to me, and a lot about where he lived likewise.
so i can die with a smile on my face without feeling like the good lord gypped me.
now, this here story i'm about to unfold took place back in the early '9·s, just about the time of our conflict with saddam and the iraqis.
they're the little lebowski urban achievers, inner city children of promise, but without the necessary means for...
necessary means for a higher education, so mr. lebowski is committed to sending all of them to college.
but if she does not, that is her problem, not mine, just as the rug is your problem.
just as every bum's lot in life is his own responsibility, regardless of who he chooses to blame.
i just got an informal report that a member of your team, a walter sobchak, drew a firearm during league play.
(knocking on door) if this is true, of course, it contravenes a number of the league's bylaws and also article 27 of the league...
i'm performing my dance quintet, you know, my cycle, at crane jackson's fountain street theater on tuesday night.
and, well, i'd love it if you came and gave me notes.
please do call us as soon as you get in and i'll send the limo.
i hope you're not avoiding this call because of the rug, which i assure you is not a problem.
little lebowski urban achievers, yes, and proud we are of all of them.
i asked my father about his withdrawal of $1 million from the foundation account, and he told me about this abduction, but i tell you it is preposterous.
he doesn't approve of my lifestyle and, needless to say, i don't approve of his.
however, i hardly wish to make my father's embezzlement a police matter.
i have no choice but to tell these bums to do whatever is necessary to recover their money from you, jeffrey lebowski.
and with brandt as my witness, i will tell you this, any further harm visited upon bunny will be visited tenfold upon your head.
sir, if you don't calm down, i'm gonna have to ask you to leave.
lady, i got buddies who died face down in the muck so that you and i can enjoy this family restaurant!
the side view was found on the road by the car.
you're lucky they left the tape deck though, and the creedence.
(phone ringing) you know, a lot of ins, a lot of outs, a lot of what-have-yous and a lot of strands to keep in my head, man.
you know, a lot of strands in the old duder's head.
of course, you have to take the good with the bad.
new technology permits us to do very exciting things in interactive erotic software.
your money is being held by a kid named larry sellers.
he lives in north hollywood on radford, by the ln-n-out burger.
i say i entrusted the money to you and you stole it.
as if we would ever dream of taking your bullshit money!
you thought that bunny had been kidnapped, and you were fucking glad, man.
you could use it as an excuse to make some money disappear.
whereas this whole fucking thing, this whole fucking thing is nothing about nothing, about oil, which is what i personally hear, dude.
sure you'll see some tank battles, but fighting in desert is very different from fighting in canopy jungle.
he died as so many young men of his generation, before his time.
in your wisdom, lord, you took him, as you took so many bright, flowering young men at khe sanh, at lan doc, at hill 364.
i don't know about you, but i take comfort in that.
it's good knowing he's out there, the dude, taking her easy for all us sinners.
but then i happen to know that there's a little lebowski on the way.
i guess that's the way the whole darned human comedy keeps perpetuating itself down through the generations.
now dude, that's a name no one would self-apply where i come from.
but then, there was a lot about the dude that didn't make a whole lot of sense to me, and a lot about where he lived, likewise.
so i can die with a smile on my face without feeling like the good lord gypped me.
now this here story i'm about to unfold took place back in the early nineties, just about the time of our conflict with saddam and the iraqis.
i hope that someday my wife will learn to live on her allowance, which is ample, but if she does not, that is her problem, not mine, just as the rug is your problem, just as every bum's lot in life
is his own responsibility, regardless of who he chooses to blame.
i'm not buying it a fucking beer, he's not taking your fucking turn, dude.
man, if my fucking ex-wife asked me to take care of her fucking dog while she and her boyfriend went to honolulu,
please do call us as soon as you get in, and i'll send a limo.
i hope you're not avoiding this call because of the rug..
i can look back on a life of achievement, challenges met, competitors bested, obstacles overcome.
i've accomplished more than most men and without the use of my legs.
they want you to take the money, drive north on the 405.
they will call you on the portable phone with instructions in about 40 minutes.
i don't drive a car, i don't fuckin' ride in a car,
i don't handle money, i don't turn on the oven, and i sure as shit don't fucking roll!
little matter to me that this woman chose to pursue a career in pornography nor that she has been "banging" jackie treehorn, to use the parlance of our times, however,
i am one of the 2 trustees of the lebowski foundation, the other being my father.
little lebowski urban achievers, yes, and proud we are of all of them,
i asked my father about his withdrawal of $1 million from the foundation account, and he told me about this abduction.
speaking of which, do you think that you could, give me my 20,000 in cash?
my concern is..and i gotta check with my accountant but this might bump me into a higher tax,
you thought that bunny had been kidnapped, and you were fucking glad, man.
you could use it as an excuse to make some money disappear.
now dude, that's a name no one would self-apply where i come from.
but then there was a lot about the dude that didn't make a whole lot of sense to me, and a lot about where he lived likewise.
course, i can't say i seen london, and i never been to france, and i ain't never seen no queen in her damned undies, as the fella says.
but i'll tell you what, after seeing los angeles and this here story i'm about to unfold, well, i guess i've seen something every bit as stupefying as you can see in any of those other places,
this is the guy who should compensate me for the fucking rug.
his wife goes out and owes money all over town, and they pee on my rug?
they're the little lebowski urban achievers, inner city children of promise, but without the necessary means for...
necessary means for a higher education, so mr. lebowski is committed to sending all of them to college.
but if she does not, that is her problem, not mine, just as the rug is your problem.
just as every bum's lot in life is his own responsibility, regardless of who he chooses to blame.
mr. lebowski, this is mel zelnicker of the southern cal bowling league.
i just got an informal report that a member of your team, a walter sobchak, drew a firearm during league play.
he did six months in chino for exposing himself to an eight-year-old.
when he moved to hollywood, he had to go door-to-door to tell everyone he was a pederast.
they want you to take the money, drive north on the 405.
they will call you on the portable phone with instructions in about 40 minutes.
little matter to me that this woman chose to pursue a career in pornography, nor that she has been banging jackie treehorn, to use the parlance of our times.
however, i am one of the two trustees of the lebowski foundation, the other being my father.
i asked my father about his withdrawal of $1 million from the foundation account, and he told me about this abduction, but i tell you it is preposterous.
this compulsive fornicator is taking my father for the proverbial ride.
however, i hardly wish to make my father's embezzlement a police matter.
so i'm proposing that you try to recover the money from the people you delivered it to.
speaking of which, do you think that you could give me my $20,000 in cash?
my concern is, and i've gotta check it with my accountant, that this might bump me up into a higher tax...
i have no choice but to tell these bums to do whatever is necessary to recover their money from you, jeffrey lebowski.
and with brandt as my witness, i will tell you this, any further harm visited upon bunny will be visited tenfold upon your head.
the side view was found on the road by the car.
you're lucky they left the tape deck though, and the creedence.
sir, i just want to say that we're both, on a personal level, really enormous fans.
branded, especially the early episodes, was truly a source of inspiration.
now that we're competing with those amateurs, we can't afford to invest in little extras like story, production value, feelings.
you know, people forget that the brain is the biggest erogenous zone.
your money is being held by a kid named larry sellers.
he lives in north hollywood on radford, by the in-n-out burger.
as if we would ever dream of taking your bullshit money!
you thought that bunny had been kidnapped, and you were fucking glad, man.
at least they had the fucking decency to tell us that we were fighting the communists.
whereas this whole fucking thing, this whole fucking thing is nothing about nothing, about oil, which is what i personally hear, dude.
sure you'll see some tank battles, but fighting in desert is very different from fighting in canopy jungle.
i mean, nam was a foot soldier's war, whereas this thing should...
i don't know about you, but i take comfort in that.
it's good knowing he's out there, the dude, taking her easy for all us sinners.
but then i happen to know that there's a little lebowski on the way.
i guess that's the way the whole darned human comedy keeps perpetuating itself down through the generations.
course, i can't say i seen london, and i never been to france, and i ain't never seen no queen in her damned undies, as the fella says.
but i'll tell you what, after seeing los angeles and this here story i'm about to unfold, well, i guess i've seen something every bit as stupefying as you can see in any of those other places,
this is the guy who should compensate me for the fucking rug.
his wife goes out and owes money all over town, and they pee on my rug?
i hope that someday my wife will learn to live on her allowance, which is ample.
but if she does not, that is her problem, not mine, just as the rug is your problem.
mr. lebowski, this is mel zelnicker of the southern cal bowling league.
i just got an informal report that a member of your team, a walter sobchak, drew a firearm during league play.
i can look back on a life of achievement, challenges met, competitors bested, obstacles overcome.
i've accomplished more than most men and without the use of my legs.
you pull any of your crazy shit with us, you flash a piece out on the lanes,
i'll take it away from you and stick it up your ass and pull the fucking trigger till it goes click.
they want you to take the money, drive north on the 405.
they will call you on the portable phone with instructions in about 40 minutes.
little matter to me that this woman chose to pursue a career in pornography, nor that she has been banging jackie treehorn, to use the parlance of our times.
however, i am one of the two trustees of the lebowski foundation, the other being my father.
i asked my father about his withdrawal of $1 million from the foundation account, and he told me about this abduction, but i tell you it is preposterous.
this compulsive fornicator is taking my father for the proverbial ride.
however, i hardly wish to make my father's embezzlement a police matter.
so i'm proposing that you try to recover the money from the people you delivered it to.
you know, has it ever occurred to you that instead of, you know, running around, blaming me...
you know, given the nature of all this new shit, you know, this could be a lot more complex...
speaking of which, do you think that you could give me my $20,000 in cash?
my concern is, and i've gotta check it with my accountant, that this might bump me up into a higher tax...
since you have failed to achieve, even in the modest task which was your charge, since you have stolen my money, since you have unrepentantly betrayed my trust,
i have no choice but to tell these bums to do whatever is necessary to recover their money from you, jeffrey lebowski.
now that we're competing with those amateurs, we can't afford to invest in little extras like story, production value, feelings.
you know, people forget that the brain is the biggest erogenous zone.
you know, it's all a part of your sick cynthia thing.
man, taking care of her fucking dog, going to her fucking synagogue.
as if we would ever dream of taking your bullshit money!
you thought that bunny had been kidnapped, and you were fucking glad, man.
at least they had the fucking decency to tell us that we were fighting the communists.
whereas this whole fucking thing, this whole fucking thing is nothing about nothing, about oil, which is what i personally hear, dude.
sure you'll see some tank battles, but fighting in desert is very different from fighting in canopy jungle.
i mean, nam was a foot soldier's war, whereas this thing should...
theodore donald kerabatsos, in accordance with what we think your dying wishes might well have been,
we commit your final mortal remains to the bosom of the pacific ocean
well, i guess i seen somethin' every bit as stupefyin' as you'd see in any of those other places, and in english, too.
so i can die with a smile on my face without feeling like the good lord gypped me.
but sometimes there's a man, and i'm talking about the dude here, sometimes there's a man, well, he's the man for his time and place.
he fits right in there, and that's the dude, in los angeles.
inner-city children of promise but without the necessary means for-- necessary means for a higher education.
so mr. lebowski is committed to sending all of them to college.
i hope that someday my wife will learn to live on her allowance, which is ample, but if she does not, that is her problem, not mine, just as the rug is your problem, just as every bum's lot in life
is his own responsibility, regardless of who he chooses to blame.
i can't leave him home alone or he eats the furniture.
i'm watching it while cynthia and marty ackerman are in hawaii.
dude, i--i finally got-- i got the, uh, the venue i wanted.
i'm performing my dance quintet, you know, my cycle, at crane jackson's fountain street theater on tuesday night, and, well, i'd love it if you came and gave me notes.
i can look back on a life of achievement, challenges met, competitors bested, obstacles overcome.
i've accomplished more than most men and without the use of my legs.
he believes the culprits might be the very people who, uh...
soiled your rug, and you're in a unique position to confirm or disconfirm that suspicion.
he did 6 months at chino for exposing himself to an 8-year-old.
when he moved to hollywood, hhe had to go door-to-door to tell everyone he was a pederast.
let me tell you something, pendejo, you pull any crazy shit with us, you flash a piece out on the lanes,
i'll take it away from you and stick it up your ass and pull the fuckin' trigger till it goes click.
they want you to take the money, drive north on the 405.
they will call you on the portable phone with instructions n about 40 minutes.
i don't drive a car, i don't fuckin' ride in a car,
i don't handle money, i don't turn on the oven, and i sure as shit don't fucking roll!
little matter to me that this woman chose to pursue a career in pornography nor that she has been "banging" jackie treehorn, to use the parlance of our times, however,
i am one of the 2 trustees of the lebowski foundation, the other being my father.
little lebowski urban achievers, yes, and proud we are of all of them,
i asked my father about his withdrawal of $1 million from the foundation account, and he told me about this abduction.
since you have failed to achieve, even in the modest task which was your charge, since you have stolen my money, since you have unrepentantly betrayed my trust...
i have no choice but to tell these bums to do whatever is necessary to recover their money from you, jeffrey lebowski.
you thought that bunny had been kidnapped, and you were fucking glad, man.
you could use it as an excuse to make some money disappear.
and when you're sitting there in your silk upholstered chair talkin' to some rich folks that you know
well, i hope you don't see me in my ragged company
now dude, that's a name no one would self-apply where i come from.
but then, there was a lot about the dude that didn't make a whole lot of sense to me, and a lot about where he lived, likewise.
so i can die with a smile on my face without feeling like the good lord gypped me.
now this here story i'm about to unfold took place back in the early nineties, just about the time of our conflict with saddam and the iraqis.
i hope that someday my wife will learn to live on her allowance, which is ample, but if she does not, that is her problem, not mine, just as the rug is your problem, just as every bum's lot in life
is his own responsibility, regardless of who he chooses to blame.
i'm not buying it a fucking beer, he's not taking your fucking turn, dude.
man, if my fucking ex-wife asked me to take care of her fucking dog while she and her boyfriend went to honolulu,
please do call us as soon as you get in, and i'll send a limo.
i hope you're not avoiding this call because of the rug..
i can look back on a life of achievement, challenges met, competitors bested, obstacles overcome.
i've accomplished more than most men and without the use of my legs.
they want you to take the money, drive north on the 405.
they will call you on the portable phone with instructions in about 40 minutes.
i don't drive a car, i don't fuckin' ride in a car,
i don't handle money, i don't turn on the oven, and i sure as shit don't fucking roll!
little matter to me that this woman chose to pursue a career in pornography nor that she has been "banging" jackie treehorn, to use the parlance of our times, however,
i am one of the 2 trustees of the lebowski foundation, the other being my father.
little lebowski urban achievers, yes, and proud we are of all of them,
i asked my father about his withdrawal of $1 million from the foundation account, and he told me about this abduction.
speaking of which, do you think that you could, give me my 20,000 in cash?
my concern is..and i gotta check with my accountant but this might bump me into a higher tax,
you thought that bunny had been kidnapped, and you were fucking glad, man.
you could use it as an excuse to make some money disappear.
there was a lot about the dude that didn't make sense to me, and a lot about where he lived, likewise.
but then again, maybe that's why i found the place so darn interesting.
but i'll tell you what, after seeing los angeles and this story i'm about to unfold, well, i guess i seen somethin' every bit as stupefyin' as you'd see in any other places, and in english, too.
so i can die with a smile on my face without feeling like the good lord gypped me.
i hope that my wife will learn to live on her ample allowance.
if not, that's her problem, not mine, just as the rug is your problem, just as every bum's lot in life is his own responsibility, regardless of who he chooses to blame.
i didn't rent it shoes, i'm not buying it a beer, he's not taking your turn, dude.
if my ex... wife asked me to take care of her dog while she and her boyfriend went to honolulu,
'please, call when you get in, and i'll send a limo.
'i hope you're not avoiding this call because of the rug, 'which, i assure you, is not a problem.
he did six months for exposing himself to an 8... year... old.
when he moved to hollywood, he had to go door... to... door to tell everyone he was a pederast.
let me tell you something, pendejo, you pull any crazy shit with us, you flash a piece out on the lanes,
i'll take it and stick it up your ass and pull the fuckin' trigger till it goes click.
little matter that she pursues a career in pornography nor that she's been "banging" jackie treehorn, to use the parlance of our times.
but i am one of the two trustees of the lebowski foundation, the other being my father.
speaking of which, do you think that you could... give me my 20,000 in cash?
my concern is... and i gotta check with my accountant... but this might bump me into a higher tax...
since you have failed to achieve, even in the modest task which was your charge, since you have stolen my money, since you have unrepentantly betrayed my trust...
i have no choice but to tell these bums to do whatever is necessary to recover their money from you, jeffrey lebowski.
he lives in north hollywood, on radford, uh... by the in 'n' out burger.
a fuckin' brat, but i'm sure you can get it off him.
as a surfer, he explored the beaches of southern california, from la jolla to leo carrillo and up to pismo.
he died... he died as so many men of his generation, before his time.
there was a lot about the dude that didn't make sense to me, and a lot about where he lived, likewise.
but then again, maybe that's why i found the place so darn interesting.
but i'll tell you what, after seeing los angeles and this story i'm about to unfold, well, i guess i seen somethin' every bit as stupefyin' as you'd see in any other places, and in english, too.
so i can die with a smile on my face without feeling like the good lord gypped me.
that is the key to the city of pasadena, which mr lebowski received in recognition of various civic... 0h, that's the los angeles
chamber of commerce business achiever award, which is... not necessarily given every year.
i hope that my wife will learn to live on her ample allowance.
if not, that's her problem, not mine, just as the rug is your problem, just as every bum's lot in life is his own responsibility, regardless of who he chooses to blame.
i didn't rent it shoes, i'm not buying it a beer, he's not taking your turn, dude.
if my ex-wife asked me to take care of her dog while she and her boyfriend went to honolulu,
i'm performing my dance quintet, you know, my cycle, at crane jackson's fountain street theatre on tuesday night.
and, well, i'd love it if you came and gave me notes.
'please, call when you get in, and i'll send a limo.
'i hope you're not avoiding this call because of the rug, 'which, i assure you, is not a problem.
let me tell you something, pendejo, you pull any crazy shit with us, you flash a piece out on the lanes,
i'll take it and stick it up your ass and pull the fuckin' trigger till it goes click.
little matter that she pursues a career in pornography nor that she's been "banging" jackie treehorn, to use the parlance of our times.
but i am one of the two trustees of the lebowski foundation, the other being my father.
speaking of which, do you think that you could... give me my 20,000 in cash?
my concern is... and i gotta check with my accountant... but this might bump me into a higher tax...
since you have failed to achieve, even in the modest task which was your charge, since you have stolen my money, since you have unrepentantly betrayed my trust...
i have no choice but to tell these bums to do whatever is necessary to recover their money from you, jeffrey lebowski.
sir, i just want to say that we're both, on a personal level, really enormous fans.
"branded", especially the early episodes, was truly a source of inspiration...
now that we're competing with amateurs, we can't afford to invest in extras, like story, production value, feelings.
you know, people forget that the brain is the biggest erogenous zone.
your money is being held by a kid named larry sellers.
he lives in north hollywood, on radford, uh... by the in 'n' 0ut burger.
but then, why doesn't he give a shit about his million bucks?
i mean, he knows we never handed off his briefcase, but he never asked for it back.
i see what you're getting at, dude, he kept the money.
my point is... here we are, it's shabbos, which i'm allowed to break only if it's a matter of life or death.
but then i happen to know that there's a little lebowski on the way.
i guess that's how the whole darn human comedy keeps perpetuating itself down through the generations.
now dude, that's a name no one would self-apply where l come from.
but then there was a lot about the dude that didn't make a whole lot of sense to me, and a lot about where he lived likewise.
so i can die with a smile on my face without feeling like the good lord gypped me.
now, this here story i'm about to unfold took place back in the early '90s, just about the time of our conflict with saddam and the iraqis.
this is the guy who should compensate me for the fucking rug.
his wife goes out and owes money all over town, and they pee on my rug?
given only when there's a worthy somebody... ls this him with nancy?
yes, indeed, that is mr. lebowski with the first lady, yes.
no, i did, but, you know, i spent most of my time occupying various administration buildings, smoking a lot of thai stick, breaking into the rotc and bowling.
tell you the truth, brandt, i don't remember most of it.
l hope that someday my wife will learn to live on her allowance, which is ample.
but if she does not, that is her problem, not mine, just as the rug is your problem.
mr. lebowski, this is mel zelnicker of the southern cal bowling league.
l just got an informal report that a member of your team, a walter sobchak, drew a firearm during league play.
l'm performing my dance quintet, you know, my cycle, at crane jackson's fountain street theater on tuesday night.
and, well, i'd love it if you came and gave me notes.
please do call us as soon as you get in and i'll send the limo.
l hope you're not avoiding this call because of the rug, which i assure you is not a problem.
little lebowski urban achievers, yes, and proud we are of all of them.
l asked my father about his withdrawal of $1 million from the foundation account, and he told me about this abduction, but i tell you it is preposterous.
he doesn't approve of my lifestyle and, needless to say, i don't approve of his.
however, i hardly wish to make my father's embezzlement a police matter.
you know, has it ever occurred to you that instead of, you know, running around, blaming me...
you know, given the nature of all this new shit, you know, this could be a lot more complex... i mean, it's not just...
speaking of which, do you think that you could give me my $20,000 in cash?
my concern is, and i've gotta check it with my accountant, that this might bump me up into a higher tax...
to do whatever is necessary to recover their money from you, jeffrey lebowski.
and with brandt as my witness, i will tell you this, any further harm visited upon bunny will be visited tenfold upon your head.
the side view was found on the road by the car.
you're lucky they left the tape deck though, and the creedence.
of course, you have to take the good with the bad.
new technology permits us to do very exciting things in interactive erotic software.
♪ i woke up this morning with the sundown shining in ♪
♪ i found my mind in a brown paper bag within ♪
♪ ln big, black letters on a "dead end" sign ♪
♪ i had my foot on the gas as i left the road ♪
l had a really rough... i'll pull off to the side and kick your ass out.
man, come on. i had a rough night, and i hate the fucking eagles, man.
okay, but then why doesn't he give a shit about his million bucks?
l mean, he knows we never handed off his briefcase, but he never asked for it back.
you know, it's all a part of your sick cynthia thing.
man, taking care of her fucking dog, going to her fucking synagogue.
as if we would ever dream of taking your bullshit money!
you thought that bunny had been kidnapped, and you were fucking glad, man.
at least they had the fucking decency to tell us that we were fighting the communists.
whereas this whole fucking thing, this whole fucking thing is nothing about nothing, about oil, which is what i personally hear, dude.
sure you'll see some tank battles, but fighting in desert is very different from fighting in canopy jungle.
l mean, nam was a foot soldier's war, whereas this thing should...
theodore donald kerabatsos, in accordance with what we think your dying wishes might well have been,
we commit your final mortal remains to the bosom of the pacific ocean
l don't know about you, but i take comfort in that.
lt's good knowing he's out there, the dude, taking her easy for all us sinners.
but then i happen to know that there's a little lebowski on the way.
l guess that's the way the whole darned human comedy keeps perpetuating itself down through the generations.
well, i guess i seen somethin' every bit as stupefyin' as you'd see in any of those other places, and in english, too.
so i can die with a smile on my face without feeling like the good lord gypped me.
but sometimes there's a man, and i'm talking about the dude here, sometimes there's a man, well, he's the man for his time and place.
he fits right in there, and that's the dude, in los angeles.
inner-city children of promise but without the necessary means for-- necessary means for a higher education.
so mr. lebowski is committed to sending all of them to college.
i hope that someday my wife will learn to live on her allowance, which is ample, but if she does not, that is her problem, not mine, just as the rug is your problem, just as every bum's lot in life
is his own responsibility, regardless of who he chooses to blame.
i can't leave him home alone or he eats the furniture.
i'm watching it while cynthia and marty ackerman are in hawaii.
dude, i--i finally got-- i got the, uh, the venue i wanted.
i'm performing my dance quintet, you know, my cycle, at crane jackson's fountain street theater on tuesday night, and, well, i'd love it if you came and gave me notes.
i can look back on a life of achievement, challenges met, competitors bested, obstacles overcome.
i've accomplished more than most men and without the use of my legs.
he believes the culprits might be the very people who, uh...
soiled your rug, and you're in a unique position to confirm or disconfirm that suspicion.
he did 6 months at chino for exposing himself to an 8-year-old.
when he moved to hollywood, hhe had to go door-to-door to tell everyone he was a pederast.
let me tell you something, pendejo, you pull any crazy shit with us, you flash a piece out on the lanes,
i'll take it away from you and stick it up your ass and pull the fuckin' trigger till it goes click.
he doesn't approve of my lifestyle, and, needless to say, i don't approve of his.
however, i hardly wish to make my father's embezzlement a police matter, so i'm proposing that you try to recover the money from the people you delivered it to.
speaking of which, do you think that you could, uh, give me my 20,000 in cash?
my concern is--and i gotta check with my accountant-- but this might bump me into a higher tax, uh--
we can't afford to invest in little extras, like story, production value, feelings.
you know, people forget that the brain is the biggest erogenous zone.
keep your ugly fucking gold-bricking ass out of my beach community.
# i want to sleep with you in the desert tonight #
as if we would ever dream of taking your bullshit money!
you thought that bunny had been kidnapped, and you were fucking glad, man.
i guess that's how the whole darn human comedy keeps perpetuating itself down through the generations.
westward in the wagons, and across the sands of time until we--
now, dude, that's a name no one would self-apply where i come from.
there was a lot about the dude that didn't make sense to me, and a lot about where he lived, likewise.
'course i can't say i seen london, and i never been to france, and i ain't never seen no queen in her damned undies.
but i'll tell you what, after seeing los angeles and this story i'm about to unfold, well, i guess i seen somethin' every bit as stupefyin' as you'd see in any other places, and in english, too.
so i can die with a smile on my face without feeling like the good lord gypped me.
now, this story i'm about to unfold took place back in the early 90s, about the time of our conflict with saddam and the iraqis.
he fits right in there, and that's the dude, in los angeles.
and even if he's a lazy man, and the dude was most certainly that, quite possibly the laziest in los angeles county, which would place him high in the running for laziest worldwide.
'i hope you're not avoiding this call because of the rug, 'which, i assure you, is not a problem.
'we need your help, and, uh... 'well, we'd like to see you.
i can look back on a life of achievement, challenges met, competitors bested, obstacles overcome.
i've accomplished more than most men and without the use of my legs.
if you do so, i will compensate you to the tune of 10% of the recovered sum.
a hundred thousand, yes, bones or clams or whatever you call them.
say what you want about the tenets of national socialism, at least it's an ethos.
and also, let's not forget, dude, that keeping wildlife, an amphibious rodent for, you know, domestic... within the city...
he lives in north hollywood, on radford, uh... by the in 'n' 0ut burger.
a fuckin' brat, but i'm sure you can get it off him.
'nam was a foot soldier's war, whereas this thing should, you know, be a piece of cake.
i mean, i had an m16 jacko, not an abrams fucking tank.
as a surfer, he explored the beaches of southern california, from la jolla to leo carrillo and up to pismo.
he died... he died as so many men of his generation, before his time.
i guess that's how the whole darn human comedy keeps perpetuating itself down through the generations.
westward the wagons, across the sands of time until we... 0h, look at me.
there was a lot about the dude that didn't make sense to me, and a lot about where he lived, likewise.
but then again, maybe that's why i found the place so darn interesting.
but i'll tell you what, after seeing los angeles and this story i'm about to unfold, well, i guess i seen somethin' every bit as stupefyin' as you'd see in any other places, and in english, too.
so i can die with a smile on my face without feeling like the good lord gypped me.
that is the key to the city of pasadena, which mr lebowski received in recognition of various civic... 0h, that's the los angeles
chamber of commerce business achiever award, which is... not necessarily given every year.
i hope that my wife will learn to live on her ample allowance.
if not, that's her problem, not mine, just as the rug is your problem, just as every bum's lot in life is his own responsibility, regardless of who he chooses to blame.
i didn't rent it shoes, i'm not buying it a beer, he's not taking your turn, dude.
if my ex-wife asked me to take care of her dog while she and her boyfriend went to honolulu,
i'm performing my dance quintet, you know, my cycle, at crane jackson's fountain street theatre on tuesday night.
and, well, i'd love it if you came and gave me notes.
'please, call when you get in, and i'll send a limo.
'i hope you're not avoiding this call because of the rug, 'which, i assure you, is not a problem.
let me tell you something, pendejo, you pull any crazy shit with us, you flash a piece out on the lanes,
i'll take it and stick it up your ass and pull the fuckin' trigger till it goes click.
little matter that she pursues a career in pornography nor that she's been "banging" jackie treehorn, to use the parlance of our times.
but i am one of the two trustees of the lebowski foundation, the other being my father.
speaking of which, do you think that you could... give me my 20,000 in cash?
my concern is... and i gotta check with my accountant... but this might bump me into a higher tax...
since you have failed to achieve, even in the modest task which was your charge, since you have stolen my money, since you have unrepentantly betrayed my trust...
i have no choice but to tell these bums to do whatever is necessary to recover their money from you, jeffrey lebowski.
sir, i just want to say that we're both, on a personal level, really enormous fans.
"branded", especially the early episodes, was truly a source of inspiration...
now that we're competing with amateurs, we can't afford to invest in extras, like story, production value, feelings.
you know, people forget that the brain is the biggest erogenous zone.
your money is being held by a kid named larry sellers.
he lives in north hollywood, on radford, uh... by the in 'n' 0ut burger.
but then, why doesn't he give a shit about his million bucks?
i mean, he knows we never handed off his briefcase, but he never asked for it back.
i see what you're getting at, dude, he kept the money.
my point is... here we are, it's shabbos, which i'm allowed to break only if it's a matter of life or death.
but then i happen to know that there's a little lebowski on the way.
i guess that's how the whole darn human comedy keeps perpetuating itself down through the generations.
now dude, that's a name no one would self-apply where i come from.
but then, there was a lot about the dude that didn't make a whole lot of sense to me, and a lot about where he lived, likewise.
so i can die with a smile on my face without feeling like the good lord gypped me.
now this here story i'm about to unfold took place back in the early nineties, just about the time of our conflict with saddam and the iraqis.
i hope that someday my wife will learn to live on her allowance, which is ample, but if she does not, that is her problem, not mine, just as the rug is your problem, just as every bum's lot in life
is his own responsibility, regardless of who he chooses to blame.
i'm not buying it a fucking beer, he's not taking your fucking turn, dude.
man, if my fucking ex-wife asked me to take care of her fucking dog while she and her boyfriend went to honolulu,
please do call us as soon as you get in, and i'll send a limo.
i hope you're not avoiding this call because of the rug..
i can look back on a life of achievement, challenges met, competitors bested, obstacles overcome.
i've accomplished more than most men and without the use of my legs.
they want you to take the money, drive north on the 405.
they will call you on the portable phone with instructions in about 40 minutes.
i don't drive a car, i don't fuckin' ride in a car,
i don't handle money, i don't turn on the oven, and i sure as shit don't fucking roll!
little matter to me that this woman chose to pursue a career in pornography nor that she has been "banging" jackie treehorn, to use the parlance of our times, however,
i am one of the 2 trustees of the lebowski foundation, the other being my father.
little lebowski urban achievers, yes, and proud we are of all of them,
i asked my father about his withdrawal of $1 million from the foundation account, and he told me about this abduction.
speaking of which, do you think that you could, give me my 20,000 in cash?
my concern is..and i gotta check with my accountant but this might bump me into a higher tax,
you thought that bunny had been kidnapped, and you were fucking glad, man.
you could use it as an excuse to make some money disappear.
now dude, that's a name no one would self-apply where i come from.
but then there was a lot about the dude that didn't make a whole lot of sense to me, and a lot about where he lived likewise.
so i can die with a smile on my face without feeling like the good lord gypped me.
now, this here story i'm about to unfold took place back in the early '90s, just about the time of our conflict with saddam and the iraqis.
no, i did, but, you know, i spent most of my time occupying various administration buildings, smoking a lot of thai stick, breaking into the rotc and bowling.
tell you the truth, brandt, i don't remember most of it.
i hope that someday my wife will learn to live on her allowance, which is ample.
but if she does not, that is her problem, not mine, just as the rug is your problem.
i just got an informal report that a member of your team, a walter sobchak, drew a firearm during league play.
if this is true, of course, it contravenes a number of the league's bylaws and also article 27 of the league...
i'm performing my dance quintet, you know, my cycle, at crane jackson's fountain street theater on tuesday night.
and, well, i'd love it if you came and gave me notes.
please do call us as soon as you get in and i'll send the limo.
i hope you're not avoiding this call because of the rug, which i assure you is not a problem.
i can look back on a life of achievement, challenges met, competitors bested, obstacles overcome.
i've accomplished more than most men and without the use of my legs.
you pull any of your crazy shit with us, you flash a piece out on the lanes,
i'll take it away from you and stick it up your ass and pull the fucking trigger till it goes click.
they want you to take the money, drive north on the 405.
they will call you on the portable phone with instructions in about 40 minutes.
little matter to me that this woman chose to pursue a career in pornography, nor that she has been banging jackie treehorn, to use the parlance of our times.
however, i am one of the two trustees of the lebowski foundation, the other being my father.
i asked my father about his withdrawal of $1 million from the foundation account, and he told me about this abduction, but i tell you it is preposterous.
this compulsive fornicator is taking my father for the proverbial ride.
however, i hardly wish to make my father's embezzlement a police matter.
so i'm proposing that you try to recover the money from the people you delivered it to.
speaking of which, do you think that you could give me my $20,000 in cash?
my concern is, and i've gotta check it with my accountant, that this might bump me up into a higher tax...
i have no choice but to tell these bums to do whatever is necessary to recover their money from you, jeffrey lebowski.
and with brandt as my witness, i will tell you this, any further harm visited upon bunny will be visited tenfold upon your head.
sir, if you don't calm down, i'm gonna have to ask you to leave.
lady, i got buddies who died face down in the muck so that you and i can enjoy this family restaurant!
sir, i just want to say that we're both, on a personal level, really enormous fans.
branded, especially the early episodes, was truly a source of inspiration.
now that we're competing with those amateurs, we can't afford to invest in little extras like story, production value, feelings.
you know, people forget that the brain is the biggest erogenous zone.
your money is being held by a kid named larry sellers.
he lives in north hollywood on radford, by the in-n-out burger.
okay, but then why doesn't he give a shit about his million bucks?
i mean, he knows we never handed off his briefcase, but he never asked for it back.
you know, it's all a part of your sick cynthia thing.
man, taking care of her fucking dog, going to her fucking synagogue.
i say i entrusted the money to you and you stole it.
as if we would ever dream of taking your bullshit money!
you thought that bunny had been kidnapped, and you were fucking glad, man.
you could use it as an excuse to make some money disappear.
whereas this whole fucking thing, this whole fucking thing is nothing about nothing, about oil, which is what i personally hear, dude.
sure you'll see some tank battles, but fighting in desert is very different from fighting in canopy jungle.
he died as so many young men of his generation, before his time.
in your wisdom, lord, you took him, as you took so many bright, flowering young men at khe sanh, at lan doc, at hill 364.
my father told me he agreed to let you have the rug,
but as it was a gift from me to my late mother,
course, i can't say i seen london, and i never been to france, and i ain't never seen no queen in her damned undies, as the fella says.
but i'll tell you what, after seeing los angeles and this here story i'm about to unfold, well, i guess i've seen something every bit as stupefying as you can see in any of those other places,
this is the guy who should compensate me for the fucking rug.
his wife goes out and owes money all over town, and they pee on my rug?
i hope that someday my wife will learn to live on her allowance, which is ample.
but if she does not, that is her problem, not mine, just as the rug is your problem.
mr. lebowski, this is mel zelnicker of the southern cal bowling league.
i just got an informal report that a member of your team, a walter sobchak, drew a firearm during league play.
i can look back on a life of achievement, challenges met, competitors bested, obstacles overcome.
i've accomplished more than most men and without the use of my legs.
you pull any of your crazy shit with us, you flash a piece out on the lanes,
i'll take it away from you and stick it up your ass and pull the fucking trigger till it goes click.
they want you to take the money, drive north on the 405.
they will call you on the portable phone with instructions in about 40 minutes.
little matter to me that this woman chose to pursue a career in pornography, nor that she has been banging jackie treehorn, to use the parlance of our times.
however, i am one of the two trustees of the lebowski foundation, the other being my father.
i asked my father about his withdrawal of $1 million from the foundation account, and he told me about this abduction, but i tell you it is preposterous.
this compulsive fornicator is taking my father for the proverbial ride.
however, i hardly wish to make my father's embezzlement a police matter.
so i'm proposing that you try to recover the money from the people you delivered it to.
you know, has it ever occurred to you that instead of, you know, running around, blaming me...
you know, given the nature of all this new shit, you know, this could be a lot more complex...
speaking of which, do you think that you could give me my $20,000 in cash?
my concern is, and i've gotta check it with my accountant, that this might bump me up into a higher tax...
since you have failed to achieve, even in the modest task which was your charge, since you have stolen my money, since you have unrepentantly betrayed my trust,
i have no choice but to tell these bums to do whatever is necessary to recover their money from you, jeffrey lebowski.
now that we're competing with those amateurs, we can't afford to invest in little extras like story, production value, feelings.
you know, people forget that the brain is the biggest erogenous zone.
you know, it's all a part of your sick cynthia thing.
man, taking care of her fucking dog, going to her fucking synagogue.
as if we would ever dream of taking your bullshit money!
you thought that bunny had been kidnapped, and you were fucking glad, man.
at least they had the fucking decency to tell us that we were fighting the communists.
whereas this whole fucking thing, this whole fucking thing is nothing about nothing, about oil, which is what i personally hear, dude.
sure you'll see some tank battles, but fighting in desert is very different from fighting in canopy jungle.
i mean, nam was a foot soldier's war, whereas this thing should...
theodore donald kerabatsos, in accordance with what we think your dying wishes might well have been,
we commit your final mortal remains to the bosom of the pacific ocean
now, dude, that's a name no one would self-apply where i come from.
there was a lot about the dude that didn't make sense to me, and a lot about where he lived, likewise.
'course i can't say i seen london, and i never been to france, and i ain't never seen no queen in her damned undies.
but i'll tell you what, after seeing los angeles and this story i'm about to unfold, well, i guess i seen somethin' every bit as stupefyin' as you'd see in any other places, and in english, too.
so i can die with a smile on my face without feeling like the good lord gypped me.
now, this story i'm about to unfold took place back in the early 90s, about the time of our conflict with saddam and the iraqis.
he fits right in there, and that's the dude, in los angeles.
and even if he's a lazy man, and the dude was most certainly that, quite possibly the laziest in los angeles county, which would place him high in the running for laziest worldwide.
'please, call when you get in, and i'll send a limo.
'i hope you're not avoiding this call because of the rug, 'which, i assure you, is not a problem.
let me tell you something, pendejo, you pull any crazy shit with us, you flash a piece out on the lanes,
i'll take it and stick it up your ass and pull the fuckin' trigger till it goes click.
little matter that she pursues a career in pornography nor that she's been "banging" jackie treehorn, to use the parlance of our times.
but i am one of the two trustees of the lebowski foundation, the other being my father.
say what you want about the tenets of national socialism, at least it's an ethos.
and also, let's not forget, dude, that keeping wildlife, an amphibious rodent for, you know, domestic... within the city...
now that we're competing with amateurs, we can't afford to invest in extras, like story, production value, feelings.
you know, people forget that the brain is the biggest erogenous zone.
your money is being held by a kid named larry sellers.
he lives in north hollywood, on radford, uh... by the in 'n' out burger.
but then, why doesn't he give a shit about his million bucks?
i mean, he knows we never handed off his briefcase, but he never asked for it back.
i see what you're getting at, dude, he kept the money.
my point is... here we are, it's shabbos, which i'm allowed to break only if it's a matter of life or death.
as a surfer, he explored the beaches of southern california, from la jolla to leo carrillo and up to pismo.
he died... he died as so many men of his generation, before his time.
my father told me he agreed to let you have the rug,
but as it was a gift from me to my late mother,
my father told me he agreed to let you have the rug,
but as it was a gift from me to my late mother,
but then, there was a lot about the dude that didn't make a whole lot of sense to me, and a lot about where he lived, likewise.
but then again, maybe that's why i found the place so dern interesting.
well, i guess i seen somethin' every bit as stupefyin' as you'd see in any of those other places, and in english, too.
so i can die with a smile on my face without feeling like the good lord gypped me.
he fits right in there, and that's the dude, in los angeles.
and even if he's a lazy man, and the dude was most certainly that, quite possibly the laziest in los angeles county, which would place him high in the running for laziest worldwide.
this is the guy who should compensate me for the fucking rug.
his wife goes out and owes money all over town, and they pee on my rug?
inner-city children of promise but without the necessary means for necessary means for a higher education.
so mr. lebowski is committed to sending all of them to college.
i can't leave him home alone or he eats the furniture.
i'm watching it while cynthia and marty ackerman are in hawaii.
mr. lebowski, this is bill selliger of the southern cal bowling league, and i just got an informal report that a member of your team, a walter sobchak, drew a firearm during league play.
if this is true, of course, it contravenes a number of the league's bylaws and also article 27 of the league
he believes the culprits might be the very people who ...
soiled your rug, and you're in a unique position to confirm or disconfirm that suspicion.
let me tell you something, pendejo, you pull any crazy shit with us, you flash a piece out on the lanes,
i'll take it away from you and stick it up your ass and pull the fuckin' trigger till it goes click.
he doesn't approve of my lifestyle, and, needless to say, i don't approve of his.
however, i hardly wish to make my father's embezzlement a police matter, so i'm proposing that you try to recover the money from the people you delivered it to.
since you have failed to achieve, even in the modest task which was your charge, since you have stolen my money, since you have unrepentantly betrayed my trust...
i have no choice but to tell these bums to do whatever is necessary to recover their money from you, jeffrey lebowski.
ja, and maybe we stomp on it and sqoosh it, lebowski.
it was discovered last night in van nuys lodged against an abutment.
we can't afford to invest in little extras, like story, production value, feelings.
you know, people forget that the brain is the biggest erogenous zone.
keep your ugly fucking gold-bricking ass out of my beach community.
# i want to sleep with you in the desert tonight #
as if we would ever dream of taking your bullshit money!
you thought that bunny had been kidnapped, and you were fucking glad, man.
and when you're sitting there in your silk upholstered chair talkin' to some rich folks that you know
well, i hope you don't see me in my ragged company
i guess that's how the whole darn human comedy keeps perpetuating itself down through the generations.
westward in the wagons, and across the sands of time until we
course, i can't say i seen london, and i never been to france, and i ain't never seen no queen in her damned undies, as the fella says.
but i'll tell you what, after seeing los angeles and this here story i'm about to unfold, well, i guess i've seen something every bit as stupefying as you can see in any of those other places,
this is the guy who should compensate me for the fucking rug.
his wife goes out and owes money all over town, and they pee on my rug?
but if she does not, that is her problem, not mine, just as the rug is your problem.
just as every bum's lot in life is his own responsibility, regardless of who he chooses to blame.
mr. lebowski, this is mel zelnicker of the southern cal bowling league.
i just got an informal report that a member of your team, a walter sobchak, drew a firearm during league play.
please do call us as soon as you get in and i'll send the limo.
i hope you're not avoiding this call because of the rug, which i assure you is not a problem.
i can look back on a life of achievement, challenges met, competitors bested, obstacles overcome.
i've accomplished more than most men and without the use of my legs.
you pull any of your crazy shit with us, you flash a piece out on the lanes,
i'll take it away from you and stick it up your ass and pull the fucking trigger till it goes click.
they want you to take the money, drive north on the 405.
they will call you on the portable phone with instructions in about 40 minutes.
little lebowski urban achievers, yes, and proud we are of all of them.
i asked my father about his withdrawal of $1 million from the foundation account, and he told me about this abduction, but i tell you it is preposterous.
he doesn't approve of my lifestyle and, needless to say, i don't approve of his.
however, i hardly wish to make my father's embezzlement a police matter.
speaking of which, do you think that you could give me my $20,000 in cash?
my concern is, and i've gotta check it with my accountant, that this might bump me up into a higher tax...
a lot of ins, a lot of outs, a lot of what-have-yous, and a lot of strands to keep in my head, man.
you know, a lot of strands in the old duder's head.
of course, you have to take the good with the bad.
new technology permits us to do very exciting things in interactive erotic software.
your money is being held by a kid named larry sellers.
he lives in north hollywood on radford, by the in-n-out burger.
man, you know, it's all a part of your sick cynthia thing.
man, taking care of her fucking dog, going to her fucking synagogue.
as if we would ever dream of taking your bullshit money!
you thought that bunny had been kidnapped, and you were fucking glad, man.
whereas this whole fucking thing, this whole fucking thing is nothing about nothing, about oil, which is what i personally hear, dude.
sure you'll see some tank battles, but fighting in desert is very different from fighting in canopy jungle.
but, then i happen to know that there's a little lebowski on the way.
i guess that's the way the whole darned human comedy keeps perpetuating itself
that's a name no one would self-apply where i come from.
but then there was a lot about the dude that didn't make a whole lot of sense to me and a lot about where he lived, likewise.
i guess i've seen something every bit as stupefying as you can see in any of those other places, and in english too, so i can die with a smile on my face without feelin' like the good lord gypped me.
now, this here story i'm about to unfold took place back in the early '90s, just about the time of our conflict with saddam and the iraqis.
this is the guy who should compensate me for the fuckin' rug.
his wife owes money all over town and they pee on my rug?
mr lebowski, this is bill selliger of the southern cal bowling league.
i just got an informal report that a member of your team, uh...
please do call us when you get in and i'll send the limo.
i hope you're not avoiding this call because of the rug, which i assure you is not a problem.
i asked my father about his withdrawal of $1 million from the foundation, and he told me about this abduction, but it is preposterous.
this compulsive fornicator is taking my father for the proverbial ride.
since you have failed to achieve even in the modest task which was your charge, since you have stolen my money, since you have unrepentantly betrayed my trust,
i have no choice but to tell these bums to do whatever is necessary to recover their money from you,
♪ yeah, yeah, oh yeah what condition my condition was in
♪ i pushed my soul in a deep dark hole and then i followed it in
♪ i just dropped in to see what condition my condition was in
♪ yeah, yeah, oh yeah what condition my condition was in
♪ someone painted "april fool" in big black letters on a dead end sign
♪ i had my foot on the gas as i left the road and blew out my mind
♪ i just dropped in to see what my condition my condition was in
♪ i said, i just dropped in to see what condition my condition was in
keep your ugly fuckin' goldbrickin' ass out of my beach community.
♪ and i want to sleep with you in the desert tonight
ok, but then, why doesn't he give a shit about his million bucks?
he knows we never handed off his briefcase, but he never asked for it back.
as if we would ever dream of taking your bullshit money!
you thought that bunny had been kidnapped and were fuckin' glad!
but then, i happen to know that there's a little lebowski on the way.
i guess that's the way the whole darned human comedy keeps perpetuating itself down through the generations.
♪ and i won't forget to put roses on your grave
♪ no, i won't forget to put roses on your grave ♪
now dude, that's a name no one would self-apply where i come from.
but then there was a lot about the dude that didn't make a whole lot of sense to me, and a lot about where he lived likewise.
so i can die with a smile on my face without feeling like the good lord gypped me.
now, this here story i'm about to unfold took place back in the early '90s, just about the time of our conflict with saddam and the iraqis.
they're the little lebowski urban achievers, inner city children of promise, but without the necessary means for...
necessary means for a higher education, so mr. lebowski is committed to sending all of them to college.
but if she does not, that is her problem, not mine, just as the rug is your problem.
just as every bum's lot in life is his own responsibility, regardless of who he chooses to blame.
i just got an informal report that a member of your team, a walter sobchak, drew a firearm during league play.
(knocking on door) if this is true, of course, it contravenes a number of the league's bylaws and also article 27 of the league...
i'm performing my dance quintet, you know, my cycle, at crane jackson's fountain street theater on tuesday night.
and, well, i'd love it if you came and gave me notes.
please do call us as soon as you get in and i'll send the limo.
i hope you're not avoiding this call because of the rug, which i assure you is not a problem.
little matter to me that this woman chose to pursue a career in pornography, nor that she has been banging jackie treehorn, to use the parlance of our times.
however, i am one of the two trustees of the lebowski foundation, the other being my father.
i asked my father about his withdrawal of $1 million from the foundation account, and he told me about this abduction, but i tell you it is preposterous.
this compulsive fornicator is taking my father for the proverbial ride.
however, i hardly wish to make my father's embezzlement a police matter.
so i'm proposing that you try to recover the money from the people you delivered it to.
i have no choice but to tell these bums to do whatever is necessary to recover their money from you, jeffrey lebowski.
and with brandt as my witness, i will tell you this, any further harm visited upon bunny will be visited tenfold upon your head.
sir, if you don't calm down, i'm gonna have to ask you to leave.
lady, i got buddies who died face down in the muck so that you and i can enjoy this family restaurant!
the side view was found on the road by the car.
you're lucky they left the tape deck though, and the creedence.
a lot of what-have-yous and a lot of strands to keep in my head, man.
you know, a lot of strands in the old duder's head.
now that we're competing with those amateurs, we can't afford to invest in little extras like story, production value, feelings.
you know, people forget that the brain is the biggest erogenous zone.
i say i entrusted the money to you and you stole it.
as if we would ever dream of taking your bullshit money!
you thought that bunny had been kidnapped, and you were fucking glad, man.
you could use it as an excuse to make some money disappear.
at least they had the fucking decency to tell us that we were fighting the communists.
whereas this whole fucking thing, this whole fucking thing is nothing about nothing, about oil, which is what i personally hear, dude.
sure you'll see some tank battles, but fighting in desert is very different from fighting in canopy jungle.
i mean, nam was a foot soldier's war, whereas this thing should...
theodore donald kerabatsos, in accordance with what we think your dying wishes might well have been,
we commit your final mortal remains to the bosom of the pacific ocean
course, i can't say i seen london, and i never been to france, and i ain't never seen no queen in her damned undies, as the fella says.
but i'll tell you what, after seeing los angeles and this here story i'm about to unfold, well, i guess i've seen something every bit as stupefying as you can see in any of those other places,
they're the little lebowski urban achievers, inner city children of promise, but without the necessary means for. ..
necessary means for a higher education, so mr. lebowski is committed to sending all of them to college.
but if she does not, that is her problem, not mine, just as the rug is your problem.
just as every bum's lot in life is his own responsibility, regardless of who he chooses to blame.
mr. lebowski, this is mel zelnicker of the southern cal bowling league.
i just got an informal report that a member of your team, a walter sobchak, drew a firearm during league play.
he did six months in chino for exposing himself to an eight-year-old.
when he moved to hollywood, he had to go door-to-door to tell everyone he was a pederast.
little lebowski urban achievers, yes, and proud we are of all of them.
i asked my father about his withdrawal of $1 million from the foundation account, and he told me about this abduction, but i tell you it is preposterous.
he doesn't approve of my lifestyle and, needless to say, i don't approve of his.
however, i hardly wish to make my father's embezzlement a police matter.
you know, has it ever occurred to you that instead of, you know, running around, blaming me. ..
you know, given the nature of all this new shit, you know, this could be a lot more complex. ..
since you have failed to achieve, even in the modest task which was your charge, since you have stolen my money, since you have unrepentantly betrayed my trust,
i have no choice but to tell these bums to do whatever is necessary to recover their money from you, jeffrey lebowski.
the side view was found on the road by the car.
you're lucky they left the tape deck though, and the creedence.
a lot of what-have-yous and a lot of strands to keep in my head, man.
you know, a lot of strands in the old duder's head.
of course, you have to take the good with the bad.
new technology permits us to do very exciting things in interactive erotic software.
okay, but then why doesn't he give a shit about his million bucks?
i mean, he knows we never handed off his briefcase, but he never asked for it back.
you know, it's all a part of your sick cynthia thing.
man, taking care of her fucking dog, going to her fucking synagogue.
i say i entrusted the money to you and you stole it.
as if we would ever dream of taking your bullshit money!
you thought that bunny had been kidnapped, and you were fucking glad, man.
you could use it as an excuse to make some money disappear.
whereas this whole fucking thing, this whole fucking thing is nothing about nothing, about oil, which is what i personally hear, dude.
sure you'll see some tank battles, but fighting in desert is very different from fighting in canopy jungle.
he died as so many young men of his generation, before his time.
in your wisdom, lord, you took him, as you took so many bright, flowering young men at khe sanh, at lan doc, at hill 364.
i guess that's the way the whole darned human comedy keeps perpetuating itself down through the generations.
westward the wagons, across the sands of time until we. ..
now, dude, that's a name no one would self-apply where i come from.
there was a lot about the dude that didn't make sense to me, and a lot about where he lived, likewise.
'course i can't say i seen london, and i never been to france, and i ain't never seen no queen in her damned undies.
but i'll tell you what, after seeing los angeles and this story i'm about to unfold, well, i guess i seen somethin' every bit as stupefyin' as you'd see in any other places, and in english, too.
so i can die with a smile on my face without feeling like the good lord gypped me.
now, this story i'm about to unfold took place back in the early 90s, about the time of our conflict with saddam and the iraqis.
he fits right in there, and that's the dude, in los angeles.
and even if he's a lazy man, and the dude was most certainly that, quite possibly the laziest in los angeles county, which would place him high in the running for laziest worldwide.
'please, call when you get in, and i'll send a limo.
'i hope you're not avoiding this call because of the rug, 'which, i assure you, is not a problem.
let me tell you something, pendejo, you pull any crazy shit with us, you flash a piece out on the lanes,
i'll take it and stick it up your ass and pull the fuckin' trigger till it goes click.
little matter that she pursues a career in pornography nor that she's been "banging" jackie treehorn, to use the parlance of our times.
but i am one of the two trustees of the lebowski foundation, the other being my father.
say what you want about the tenets of national socialism, at least it's an ethos.
and also, let's not forget, dude, that keeping wildlife, an amphibious rodent for, you know, domestic... within the city...
now that we're competing with amateurs, we can't afford to invest in extras, like story, production value, feelings.
you know, people forget that the brain is the biggest erogenous zone.
your money is being held by a kid named larry sellers.
he lives in north hollywood, on radford, uh... by the in 'n' out burger.
but then, why doesn't he give a shit about his million bucks?
i mean, he knows we never handed off his briefcase, but he never asked for it back.
i see what you're getting at, dude, he kept the money.
my point is... here we are, it's shabbos, which i'm allowed to break only if it's a matter of life or death.
as a surfer, he explored the beaches of southern california, from la jolla to leo carrillo and up to pismo.
he died... he died as so many men of his generation, before his time.
course, i can't say i seen london, and i never been to france, and i ain't never seen no queen in her damned undies, as the fella says.
but i'll tell you what, after seeing los angeles and this here story i'm about to unfold, well, i guess i've seen something every bit as stupefying as you can see in any of those other places,
this is the guy who should compensate me for the fucking rug.
his wife goes out and owes money all over town, and they pee on my rug?
i hope that someday my wife will learn to live on her allowance, which is ample.
but if she does not, that is her problem, not mine, just as the rug is your problem.
mr. lebowski, this is mel zelnicker of the southern cal bowling league.
i just got an informal report that a member of your team, a walter sobchak, drew a firearm during league play.
i can look back on a life of achievement, challenges met, competitors bested, obstacles overcome.
i've accomplished more than most men and without the use of my legs.
you pull any of your crazy shit with us, you flash a piece out on the lanes,
i'll take it away from you and stick it up your ass and pull the fucking trigger till it goes click.
they want you to take the money, drive north on the 405.
they will call you on the portable phone with instructions in about 40 minutes.
little matter to me that this woman chose to pursue a career in pornography, nor that she has been banging jackie treehorn, to use the parlance of our times.
however, i am one of the two trustees of the lebowski foundation, the other being my father.
i asked my father about his withdrawal of $1 million from the foundation account, and he told me about this abduction, but i tell you it is preposterous.
this compulsive fornicator is taking my father for the proverbial ride.
however, i hardly wish to make my father's embezzlement a police matter.
so i'm proposing that you try to recover the money from the people you delivered it to.
you know, has it ever occurred to you that instead of, you know, running around, blaming me...
you know, given the nature of all this new shit, you know, this could be a lot more complex...
speaking of which, do you think that you could give me my $20,000 in cash?
my concern is, and i've gotta check it with my accountant, that this might bump me up into a higher tax...
since you have failed to achieve, even in the modest task which was your charge, since you have stolen my money, since you have unrepentantly betrayed my trust,
i have no choice but to tell these bums to do whatever is necessary to recover their money from you, jeffrey lebowski.
now that we're competing with those amateurs, we can't afford to invest in little extras like story, production value, feelings.
you know, people forget that the brain is the biggest erogenous zone.
you know, it's all a part of your sick cynthia thing.
man, taking care of her fucking dog, going to her fucking synagogue.
as if we would ever dream of taking your bullshit money!
you thought that bunny had been kidnapped, and you were fucking glad, man.
at least they had the fucking decency to tell us that we were fighting the communists.
whereas this whole fucking thing, this whole fucking thing is nothing about nothing, about oil, which is what i personally hear, dude.
sure you'll see some tank battles, but fighting in desert is very different from fighting in canopy jungle.
i mean, nam was a foot soldier's war, whereas this thing should...
theodore donald kerabatsos, in accordance with what we think your dying wishes might well have been,
we commit your final mortal remains to the bosom of the pacific ocean
but then there was a lot about the dude that didn't make a whole lot of sense to me, and a lot about where he lived likewise.
but then again, maybe that's why i found the place so darned interesting.
so i can die with a smile on my face without feeling like the good lord gypped me.
now, this here story i'm about to unfold took place back in the early '90s, just about the time of our conflict with saddam and the iraqis.
no, i did, but, you know, i spent most of my time occupying various administration buildings, smoking a lot of thai stick, breaking into the rotc and bowling.
tell you the truth, brandt, i don't remember most of it.
i hope that someday my wife will learn to live on her allowance, which is ample.
but if she does not, that is her problem, not mine, just as the rug is your problem.
i just got an informal report that a member of your team, a walter sobchak, drew a firearm during league play.
if this is true, of course, it contravenes a number of the league's bylaws and also article 27 of the league...
i'm performing my dance quintet, you know, my cycle, at crane jackson's fountain street theater on tuesday night.
and, well, i'd love it if you came and gave me notes.
please do call us as soon as you get in and i'll send the limo.
i hope you're not avoiding this call because of the rug, which i assure you is not a problem.
i can look back on a life of achievement, challenges met, competitors bested, obstacles overcome.
i've accomplished more than most men and without the use of my legs.
he did six months in chino for exposing himself to an eight-year-old.
when he moved to hollywood, he had to go door-to-door to tell everyone he was a pederast.
they want you to take the money, drive north on the 405.
they will call you on the portable phone with instructions in about 40 minutes.
little matter to me that this woman chose to pursue a career in pornography, nor that she has been banging jackie treehorn, to use the parlance of our times.
however, i am one of the two trustees of the lebowski foundation, the other being my father.
i asked my father about his withdrawal of $1 million from the foundation account, and he told me about this abduction, but i tell you it is preposterous.
this compulsive fornicator is taking my father for the proverbial ride.
however, i hardly wish to make my father's embezzlement a police matter.
so i'm proposing that you try to recover the money from the people you delivered it to.
speaking of which, do you think that you could give me my $20,000 in cash?
my concern is, and i've gotta check it with my accountant, that this might bump me up into a higher tax...
i have no choice but to tell these bums to do whatever is necessary to recover their money from you, jeffrey lebowski.
and with brandt as my witness, i will tell you this, any further harm visited upon bunny will be visited tenfold upon your head.
sir, if you don't calm down, i'm gonna have to ask you to leave.
lady, i got buddies who died face down in the muck so that you and i can enjoy this family restaurant!
a lot of what-have-yous and a lot of strands to keep in my head, man.
you know, a lot of strands in the old duder's head.
now that we're competing with those amateurs, we can't afford to invest in little extras like story, production value, feelings.
you know, people forget that the brain is the biggest erogenous zone.
your money is being held by a kid named larry sellers.
he lives in north hollywood on radford, by the in-n-out burger.
okay, but then why doesn't he give a shit about his million bucks?
i mean, he knows we never handed off his briefcase, but he never asked for it back.
you know, it's all a part of your sick cynthia thing.
man, taking care of her fucking dog, going to her fucking synagogue.
i say i entrusted the money to you and you stole it.
as if we would ever dream of taking your bullshit money!
you thought that bunny had been kidnapped, and you were fucking glad, man.
you could use it as an excuse to make some money disappear.
whereas this whole fucking thing, this whole fucking thing is nothing about nothing, about oil, which is what i personally hear, dude.
sure you'll see some tank battles, but fighting in desert is very different from fighting in canopy jungle.
he died as so many young men of his generation, before his time.
in your wisdom, lord, you took him, as you took so many bright, flowering young men at khe sanh, at lan doc, at hill 364.
now, dude, that's a name no one would self-apply where i come from.
there was a lot about the dude that didn't make sense to me, and a lot about where he lived, likewise.
'course i can't say i seen london, and i never been to france, and i ain't never seen no queen in her damned undies.
but i'll tell you what, after seeing los angeles and this story i'm about to unfold, well, i guess i seen somethin' every bit as stupefyin' as you'd see in any other places, and in english, too.
so i can die with a smile on my face without feeling like the good lord gypped me.
now, this story i'm about to unfold took place back in the early 90s, about the time of our conflict with saddam and the iraqis.
he fits right in there, and that's the dude, in los angeles.
and even if he's a lazy man, and the dude was most certainly that, quite possibly the laziest in los angeles county, which would place him high in the running for laziest worldwide.
i hope that my wife will learn to live on her ample allowance.
if not, that's her problem, not mine, just as the rug is your problem, just as every bum's lot in life is his own responsibility, regardless of who he chooses to blame.
i didn't rent it shoes, i'm not buying it a beer, he's not taking your turn, dude.
if my ex-wife asked me to take care of her dog while she and her boyfriend went to honolulu,
i'm performing my dance quintet, you know, my cycle, at crane jackson's fountain street theatre on tuesday night.
and, well, i'd love it if you came and gave me notes.
'i hope you're not avoiding this call because of the rug, 'which, i assure you, is not a problem.
'we need your help, and, uh... 'well, we'd like to see you.
little matter that she pursues a career in pornography nor that she's been "banging" jackie treehorn, to use the parlance of our times.
but i am one of the two trustees of the lebowski foundation, the other being my father.
speaking of which, do you think that you could... give me my 20,000 in cash?
my concern is... and i gotta check with my accountant... but this might bump me into a higher tax...
since you have failed to achieve, even in the modest task which was your charge, since you have stolen my money, since you have unrepentantly betrayed my trust...
i have no choice but to tell these bums to do whatever is necessary to recover their money from you, jeffrey lebowski.
your money is being held by a kid named larry sellers.
he lives in north hollywood, on radford, uh... by the in 'n' out burger.
as a surfer, he explored the beaches of southern california, from la jolla to leo carrillo and up to pismo.
he died... he died as so many men of his generation, before his time.
# and i won't forget to put roses on your grave
# no, i won't forget to put roses on your grave #
now dude, that's a name no one would self-apply where i come from.
but then, there was a lot about the dude that didn't make a whole lot of sense to me, and a lot about where he lived, likewise.
so i can die with a smile on my face without feeling like the good lord gypped me.
now this here story i'm about to unfold took place back in the early nineties, just about the time of our conflict with saddam and the iraqis.
i hope that someday my wife will learn to live on her allowance, which is ample, but if she does not, that is her problem, not mine, just as the rug is your problem, just as every bum's lot in life
is his own responsibility, regardless of who he chooses to blame.
i'm not buying it a fucking beer, he's not taking your fucking turn, dude.
man, if my fucking ex-wife asked me to take care of her fucking dog while she and her boyfriend went to honolulu,
please do call us as soon as you get in, and i'll send a limo.
i hope you're not avoiding this call because of the rug..
i can look back on a life of achievement, challenges met, competitors bested, obstacles overcome.
i've accomplished more than most men and without the use of my legs.
they want you to take the money, drive north on the 405.
they will call you on the portable phone with instructions in about 40 minutes.
i don't drive a car, i don't fuckin' ride in a car,
i don't handle money, i don't turn on the oven, and i sure as shit don't fucking roll!
little matter to me that this woman chose to pursue a career in pornography nor that she has been "banging" jackie treehorn, to use the parlance of our times, however,
i am one of the 2 trustees of the lebowski foundation, the other being my father.
little lebowski urban achievers, yes, and proud we are of all of them,
i asked my father about his withdrawal of $1 million from the foundation account, and he told me about this abduction.
speaking of which, do you think that you could, give me my 20,000 in cash?
my concern is..and i gotta check with my accountant but this might bump me into a higher tax,
you thought that bunny had been kidnapped, and you were fucking glad, man.
you could use it as an excuse to make some money disappear.
course, i can't say i seen london, and i never been to france, and i ain't never seen no queen in her damned undies, as the fella says.
but i'll tell you what, after seeing los angeles and this here story i'm about to unfold, well, i guess i've seen something every bit as stupefying as you can see in any of those other places,
this is the guy who should compensate me for the fucking rug.
his wife goes out and owes money all over town, and they pee on my rug?
i hope that someday my wife will learn to live on her allowance, which is ample.
but if she does not, that is her problem, not mine, just as the rug is your problem.
mr. lebowski, this is mel zelnicker of the southern cal bowling league.
i just got an informal report that a member of your team, a walter sobchak, drew a firearm during league play.
i can look back on a life of achievement, challenges met, competitors bested, obstacles overcome.
i've accomplished more than most men and without the use of my legs.
you pull any of your crazy shit with us, you flash a piece out on the lanes,
i'll take it away from you and stick it up your ass and pull the fucking trigger till it goes click.
they want you to take the money, drive north on the 405.
they will call you on the portable phone with instructions in about 40 minutes.
little matter to me that this woman chose to pursue a career in pornography, nor that she has been banging jackie treehorn, to use the parlance of our times.
however, i am one of the two trustees of the lebowski foundation, the other being my father.
i asked my father about his withdrawal of $1 million from the foundation account, and he told me about this abduction, but i tell you it is preposterous.
this compulsive fornicator is taking my father for the proverbial ride.
however, i hardly wish to make my father's embezzlement a police matter.
so i'm proposing that you try to recover the money from the people you delivered it to.
you know, has it ever occurred to you that instead of, you know, running around, blaming me...
you know, given the nature of all this new shit, you know, this could be a lot more complex...
speaking of which, do you think that you could give me my $20,000 in cash?
my concern is, and i've gotta check it with my accountant, that this might bump me up into a higher tax...
since you have failed to achieve, even in the modest task which was your charge, since you have stolen my money, since you have unrepentantly betrayed my trust,
i have no choice but to tell these bums to do whatever is necessary to recover their money from you, jeffrey lebowski.
course, i can't say i seen london, and i never been to france, and i ain't never seen no queen in her damned undies, as the fella says.
but i'll tell you what, after seeing los angeles and this here story i'm about to unfold, well, i guess i've seen something every bit as stupefying as you can see in any of those other places,
this is the guy who should compensate me for the fucking rug.
his wife goes out and owes money all over town, and they pee on my rug?
i hope that someday my wife will learn to live on her allowance, which is ample.
but if she does not, that is her problem, not mine, just as the rug is your problem.
mr. lebowski, this is mel zelnicker of the southern cal bowling league.
i just got an informal report that a member of your team, a walter sobchak, drew a firearm during league play.
i can look back on a life of achievement, challenges met, competitors bested, obstacles overcome.
i've accomplished more than most men and without the use of my legs.
you pull any of your crazy shit with us, you flash a piece out on the lanes,
i'll take it away from you and stick it up your ass and pull the fucking trigger till it goes click.
they want you to take the money, drive north on the 405.
they will call you on the portable phone with instructions in about 40 minutes.
little matter to me that this woman chose to pursue a career in pornography, nor that she has been banging jackie treehorn, to use the parlance of our times.
however, i am one of the two trustees of the lebowski foundation, the other being my father.
i asked my father about his withdrawal of $1 million from the foundation account, and he told me about this abduction, but i tell you it is preposterous.
this compulsive fornicator is taking my father for the proverbial ride.
however, i hardly wish to make my father's embezzlement a police matter.
so i'm proposing that you try to recover the money from the people you delivered it to.
you know, has it ever occurred to you that instead of, you know, running around, blaming me...
you know, given the nature of all this new shit, you know, this could be a lot more complex...
speaking of which, do you think that you could give me my $20,000 in cash?
my concern is, and i've gotta check it with my accountant, that this might bump me up into a higher tax...
since you have failed to achieve, even in the modest task which was your charge, since you have stolen my money, since you have unrepentantly betrayed my trust,
i have no choice but to tell these bums to do whatever is necessary to recover their money from you, jeffrey lebowski.
now that we're competing with those amateurs, we can't afford to invest in little extras like story, production value, feelings.
you know, people forget that the brain is the biggest erogenous zone.
you know, it's all a part of your sick cynthia thing.
man, taking care of her fucking dog, going to her fucking synagogue.
as if we would ever dream of taking your bullshit money!
you thought that bunny had been kidnapped, and you were fucking glad, man.
at least they had the fucking decency to tell us that we were fighting the communists.
whereas this whole fucking thing, this whole fucking thing is nothing about nothing, about oil, which is what i personally hear, dude.
sure you'll see some tank battles, but fighting in desert is very different from fighting in canopy jungle.
i mean, nam was a foot soldier's war, whereas this thing should...
theodore donald kerabatsos, in accordance with what we think your dying wishes might well have been,
we commit your final mortal remains to the bosom of the pacific ocean
but then, there was a lot about the dude that didn't make a whole lot of sense to me, and a lot about where he lived, likewise.
but then again, maybe that's why i found the place so dern interesting.
well, i guess i seen somethin' every bit as stupefyin' as you'd see in any of those other places, and in english, too.
so i can die with a smile on my face without feeling like the good lord gypped me.
he fits right in there, and that's the dude, in los angeles.
and even if he's a lazy man, and the dude was most certainly that, quite possibly the laziest in los angeles county, which would place him high in the running for laziest worldwide.
this is the guy who should compensate me for the fucking rug.
his wife goes out and owes money all over town, and they pee on my rug?
inner-city children of promise but without the necessary means for necessary means for a higher education.
so mr. lebowski is committed to sending all of them to college.
i can't leave him home alone or he eats the furniture.
i'm watching it while cynthia and marty ackerman are in hawaii.
mr. lebowski, this is bill selliger of the southern cal bowling league, and i just got an informal report that a member of your team, a walter sobchak, drew a firearm during league play.
if this is true, of course, it contravenes a number of the league's bylaws and also article 27 of the league
he believes the culprits might be the very people who ...
soiled your rug, and you're in a unique position to confirm or disconfirm that suspicion.
let me tell you something, pendejo, you pull any crazy shit with us, you flash a piece out on the lanes,
i'll take it away from you and stick it up your ass and pull the fuckin' trigger till it goes click.
he doesn't approve of my lifestyle, and, needless to say, i don't approve of his.
however, i hardly wish to make my father's embezzlement a police matter, so i'm proposing that you try to recover the money from the people you delivered it to.
since you have failed to achieve, even in the modest task which was your charge, since you have stolen my money, since you have unrepentantly betrayed my trust...
i have no choice but to tell these bums to do whatever is necessary to recover their money from you, jeffrey lebowski.
ja, and maybe we stomp on it and sqoosh it, lebowski.
it was discovered last night in van nuys lodged against an abutment.
we can't afford to invest in little extras, like story, production value, feelings.
you know, people forget that the brain is the biggest erogenous zone.
keep your ugly fucking gold-bricking ass out of my beach community.
# i want to sleep with you in the desert tonight #
as if we would ever dream of taking your bullshit money!
you thought that bunny had been kidnapped, and you were fucking glad, man.
and when you're sitting there in your silk upholstered chair talkin' to some rich folks that you know
well, i hope you don't see me in my ragged company
i guess that's how the whole darn human comedy keeps perpetuating itself down through the generations.
westward in the wagons, and across the sands of time until we
but then, there was a lot about the dude that didn't make a whole lot of sense to me, and a lot about where he lived, likewise.
but then again, maybe that's why i found the place so dern interesting.
well, i guess i seen somethin' every bit as stupefyin' as you'd see in any of those other places, and in english, too.
so i can die with a smile on my face without feeling like the good lord gypped me.
he fits right in there, and that's the dude, in los angeles.
and even if he's a lazy man, and the dude was most certainly that, quite possibly the laziest in los angeles county, which would place him high in the running for laziest worldwide.
i hope that someday my wife will learn to live on her allowance, which is ample, but if she does not, that is her problem, not mine, just as the rug is your problem, just as every bum's lot in life
is his own responsibility, regardless of who he chooses to blame.
i'm not buying it a fucking beer, he's not taking your fucking turn, dude.
man, if my fucking ex-wife asked me to take care of her fucking dog while she and her boyfriend went to honolulu,
dude, i finally got- i got the, the venue i wanted.
i'm performing my dance quintet, you know, my cycle, at crane jackson's fountain street theater on tuesday night, and, well, i'd love it if you came and gave me notes.
please do call us as soon as you get in, and i'll send a limo.
i hope you're not avoiding this call because of the rug
he did 6 months at chino for exposing himself to an 8-year-old.
when he moved to hollywood, hhe had to go door-to-door to tell everyone he was a pederast.
they want you to take the money, drive north on the 405.
they will call you on the portable phone with instructions in about 40 minutes.
i don't drive a car, i don't fuckin' ride in a car,
i don't handle money, i don't turn on the oven, and i sure as shit don't fucking roll!
little matter to me that this woman chose to pursue a career in pornography nor that she has been "banging" jackie treehorn, to use the parlance of our times, however,
i am one of the 2 trustees of the lebowski foundation, the other being my father.
little lebowski urban achievers, yes, and proud we are of all of them,
i asked my father about his withdrawal of $1 million from the foundation account, and he told me about this abduction.
speaking of which, do you think that you could, give me my 20,000 in cash?
my concern is-and i gotta check with my accountant- but this might bump me into a higher tax,
ja, and maybe we stomp on it and sqoosh it, lebowski.
it was discovered last night in van nuys lodged against an abutment.
we can't afford to invest in little extras, like story, production value, feelings.
you know, people forget that the brain is the biggest erogenous zone.
as if we would ever dream of taking your bullshit money!
you thought that bunny had been kidnapped, and you were fucking glad, man.
and when you're sitting there in your silk upholstered chair talkin' to some rich folks that you know
well, i hope you don't see me in my ragged company
now dude, that's a name no one would self-apply where i come from.
but then, there was a lot about the dude that didn't make a whole lot of sense to me, and a lot about where he lived, likewise.
well, i guess i seen somethin' every bit as stupefyin' as you'd see in any of those other places, and in english, too.
so i can die with a smile on my face without feeling like the good lord gypped me.
he fits right in there, and that's the dude, in los angeles.
and even if he's a lazy man, and the dude was most certainly that, quite possibly the laziest in los angeles county, which would place him high in the running for laziest worldwide.
this is the guy who should compensate me for the fucking rug.
his wife goes out and owes money all over town, and they pee on my rug?
inner-city children of promise but without the necessary means for- necessary means for a higher education.
so mr. lebowski is committed to sending all of them to college.
i can't leave him home alone or he eats the furniture.
i'm watching it while cynthia and marty ackerman are in hawaii.
mr. lebowski, this is bill selliger of the southern cal bowling league, and i just got an informal report that a member of your team, a walter sobchak, drew a firearm during league play.
if this is true, of course, it contravenes a number of the league's bylaws and also article 27 of the league-
i can look back on a life of achievement, challenges met, competitors bested, obstacles overcome.
i've accomplished more than most men and without the use of my legs.
let me tell you something, pendejo, you pull any crazy shit with us, you flash a piece out on the lanes,
i'll take it away from you and stick it up your ass and pull the fuckin' trigger till it goes click.
they want you to take the money, drive north on the 405.
they will call you on the portable phone with instructions in about 40 minutes.
i don't drive a car, i don't fuckin' ride in a car,
i don't handle money, i don't turn on the oven, and i sure as shit don't fucking roll!
little matter to me that this woman chose to pursue a career in pornography nor that she has been "banging" jackie treehorn, to use the parlance of our times, however,
i am one of the 2 trustees of the lebowski foundation, the other being my father.
little lebowski urban achievers, yes, and proud we are of all of them,
i asked my father about his withdrawal of $1 million from the foundation account, and he told me about this abduction.
speaking of which, do you think that you could, give me my 20,000 in cash?
my concern is-and i gotta check with my accountant- but this might bump me into a higher tax,
keep your ugly fucking gold-bricking ass out of my beach community.
# i want to sleep with you in the desert tonight #
you thought that bunny had been kidnapped, and you were fucking glad, man.
you could use it as an excuse to make some money disappear.
i guess that's how the whole darn human comedy keeps perpetuating itself down through the generations.
westward in the wagons, and across the sands of time until we-
now dude, that's a name no one would self-apply where i come from.
but then there was a lot about the dude that didn't make a whole lot of sense to me, and a lot about where he lived likewise.
so i can die with a smile on my face without feeling like the good lord gypped me.
now, this here story i'm about to unfold took place back in the early '9·s, just about the time of our conflict with saddam and the iraqis.
they're the little lebowski urban achievers, inner city children of promise, but without the necessary means for...
necessary means for a higher education, so mr. lebowski is committed to sending all of them to college.
but if she does not, that is her problem, not mine, just as the rug is your problem.
just as every bum's lot in life is his own responsibility, regardless of who he chooses to blame.
i just got an informal report that a member of your team, a walter sobchak, drew a firearm during league play.
(knocking on door) if this is true, of course, it contravenes a number of the league's bylaws and also article 27 of the league...
i'm performing my dance quintet, you know, my cycle, at crane jackson's fountain street theater on tuesday night.
and, well, i'd love it if you came and gave me notes.
please do call us as soon as you get in and i'll send the limo.
i hope you're not avoiding this call because of the rug, which i assure you is not a problem.
little lebowski urban achievers, yes, and proud we are of all of them.
i asked my father about his withdrawal of $1 million from the foundation account, and he told me about this abduction, but i tell you it is preposterous.
he doesn't approve of my lifestyle and, needless to say, i don't approve of his.
however, i hardly wish to make my father's embezzlement a police matter.
i have no choice but to tell these bums to do whatever is necessary to recover their money from you, jeffrey lebowski.
and with brandt as my witness, i will tell you this, any further harm visited upon bunny will be visited tenfold upon your head.
sir, if you don't calm down, i'm gonna have to ask you to leave.
lady, i got buddies who died face down in the muck so that you and i can enjoy this family restaurant!
the side view was found on the road by the car.
you're lucky they left the tape deck though, and the creedence.
(phone ringing) you know, a lot of ins, a lot of outs, a lot of what-have-yous and a lot of strands to keep in my head, man.
you know, a lot of strands in the old duder's head.
of course, you have to take the good with the bad.
new technology permits us to do very exciting things in interactive erotic software.
your money is being held by a kid named larry sellers.
he lives in north hollywood on radford, by the ln-n-out burger.
i say i entrusted the money to you and you stole it.
as if we would ever dream of taking your bullshit money!
you thought that bunny had been kidnapped, and you were fucking glad, man.
you could use it as an excuse to make some money disappear.
whereas this whole fucking thing, this whole fucking thing is nothing about nothing, about oil, which is what i personally hear, dude.
sure you'll see some tank battles, but fighting in desert is very different from fighting in canopy jungle.
he died as so many young men of his generation, before his time.
in your wisdom, lord, you took him, as you took so many bright, flowering young men at khe sanh, at lan doc, at hill 364.
i don't know about you, but i take comfort in that.
it's good knowing he's out there, the dude, taking her easy for all us sinners.
but then i happen to know that there's a little lebowski on the way.
i guess that's the way the whole darned human comedy keeps perpetuating itself down through the generations.
now dude, that's a name no one would self-apply where l come from.
but then there was a lot about the dude that didn't make a whole lot of sense to me, and a lot about where he lived likewise.
course, i can't say i seen london, and i never been to france, and i ain't never seen no queen in her damned undies, as the fella says.
but i'll tell you what, after seeing los angeles and this here story i'm about to unfold, well, i guess i've seen something every bit as stupefying as you can see in any of those other places,
now, this here story i'm about to unfold took place back in the early '90s, just about the time of our conflict with saddam and the iraqis.
i only mention it 'cause sometimes there's a man... i won't say a hero.
this is the guy who should compensate me for the fucking rug.
his wife goes out and owes money all over town, and they pee on my rug?
given only when there's a worthy somebody... ls this him with nancy?
yes, indeed, that is mr. lebowski with the first lady, yes.
but if she does not, that is her problem, not mine, just as the rug is your problem.
just as every bum's lot in life is his own responsibility, regardless of who he chooses to blame.
mr. lebowski, this is mel zelnicker of the southern cal bowling league.
i just got an informal report that a member of your team, a walter sobchak, drew a firearm during league play.
i'm perferming my dance quintet, you know, my cycle, at crane jackson's fountain street theater on tuesday night.
and, well, i'd love it if you came and gave me notes.
please do call us as soon as you get in and i'll send the limo.
i hope you're not avoiding this call because of the rug, which i assure you is not a problem.
little lebowski urban achievers, yes, and proud we are of all of them.
i asked my father about his withdrawal of $1 million from the foundation account, and he told me about this abduction, but i tell you it is preposterous.
he doesn't approve of my lifestyle and, needless to say, i don't approve of his.
however, i hardly wish to make my father's embezzlement a police matter.
you know, has it ever occurred to you that instead of, you know, running around, blaming me...
you know, given the nature of all this new shit, you know, this could be a lot more complex... i mean, it's not just...
since you have failed to achieve, even in the modest task which was your charge, since you have stolen my money, since you have unrepentantly betrayed my trust, i have no choice but to tell these bums
to do whatever is necessary to recover their money from you, jeffrey lebowski.
now that we're competing with those amateurs, we can't afford to invest in little extras like story, production value, feelings.
you know, people forget that the brain is the biggest erogenous zone.
i had a really rough... i'll pull off to the side and kick your ass out.
man, come on. i had a rough night, and i hate the fucking eagles, man.
okay, but then why doesn't he give a shit about his million bucks?
i mean, he knows we never handed off his briefoase, but he never asked for it back.
you know, it's all a part of your sick cynthia thing.
man, taking care of her fucking dog, going to her fucking synagogue.
as if we would ever dream of taking your bullshit money!
you thought that bunny had been kidnapped, and you were fucking glad, man.
whereas this whole fucking thing, this whole fucking thing is nothing about nothing, about oil, which is what i personally hear, dude.
sure you'll see some tank battles, but fighting in desert is very different from fighting in canopy jungle.
theodore donald kerabatsos, in accordance with what we think your dying wishes might well have been,
we commit your final mortal remains to the bosom of the pacific ocean
i don't know about you, but i take comfort in that.
it's good knowing he's out there, the dude, taking her easy for all us sinners.
but then i happen to know that there's a little lebowski on the way.
i guess that's the way the whole darned human comedy keeps perpetuating itself down through the generations.
now, dude, that's a name no one would self-apply where i come from.
there was a lot about the dude that didn't make sense to me, and a lot about where he lived, likewise.
'course i can't say i seen london, and i never been to france, and i ain't never seen no queen in her damned undies.
but i'll tell you what, after seeing los angeles and this story i'm about to unfold, well, i guess i seen somethin' every bit as stupefyin' as you'd see in any other places, and in english, too.
so i can die with a smile on my face without feeling like the good lord gypped me.
now, this story i'm about to unfold took place back in the early 90s, about the time of our conflict with saddam and the iraqis.
he fits right in there, and that's the dude, in los angeles.
and even if he's a lazy man, and the dude was most certainly that, quite possibly the laziest in los angeles county, which would place him high in the running for laziest worldwide.
'i hope you're not avoiding this call because of the rug, 'which, i assure you, is not a problem.
'we need your help, and, uh... 'well, we'd like to see you.
i can look back on a life of achievement, challenges met, competitors bested, obstacles overcome.
i've accomplished more than most men and without the use of my legs.
if you do so, i will compensate you to the tune of 10% of the recovered sum.
a hundred thousand, yes, bones or clams or whatever you call them.
say what you want about the tenets of national socialism, at least it's an ethos.
and also, let's not forget, dude, that keeping wildlife, an amphibious rodent for, you know, domestic... within the city...
he lives in north hollywood, on radford, uh... by the in 'n' 0ut burger.
a fuckin' brat, but i'm sure you can get it off him.
'nam was a foot soldier's war, whereas this thing should, you know, be a piece of cake.
i mean, i had an m16 jacko, not an abrams fucking tank.
as a surfer, he explored the beaches of southern california, from la jolla to leo carrillo and up to pismo.
he died... he died as so many men of his generation, before his time.
i guess that's how the whole darn human comedy keeps perpetuating itself down through the generations.
westward the wagons, across the sands of time until we... 0h, look at me.
now, dude, that's a name no one would self-apply where i come from.
there was a lot about the dude that didn't make sense to me, and a lot about where he lived, likewise.
'course i can't say i seen london, and i never been to france, and i ain't never seen no queen in her damned undies.
but i'll tell you what, after seeing los angeles and this story i'm about to unfold, well, i guess i seen somethin' every bit as stupefyin' as you'd see in any other places, and in english, too.
so i can die with a smile on my face without feeling like the good lord gypped me.
now, this story i'm about to unfold took place back in the early 90s, about the time of our conflict with saddam and the iraqis.
he fits right in there, and that's the dude, in los angeles.
and even if he's a lazy man, and the dude was most certainly that, quite possibly the laziest in los angeles county, which would place him high in the running for laziest worldwide.
'please, call when you get in, and i'll send a limo.
'i hope you're not avoiding this call because of the rug, 'which, i assure you, is not a problem.
let me tell you something, pendejo, you pull any crazy shit with us, you flash a piece out on the lanes,
i'll take it and stick it up your ass and pull the fuckin' trigger till it goes click.
little matter that she pursues a career in pornography nor that she's been "banging" jackie treehorn, to use the parlance of our times.
but i am one of the two trustees of the lebowski foundation, the other being my father.
speaking of which, do you think that you could... give me my 20,000 in cash?
my concern is... and i gotta check with my accountant... but this might bump me into a higher tax...
since you have failed to achieve, even in the modest task which was your charge, since you have stolen my money, since you have unrepentantly betrayed my trust...
i have no choice but to tell these bums to do whatever is necessary to recover their money from you, jeffrey lebowski.
he lives in north hollywood, on radford, uh... by the in 'n' out burger.
a fuckin' brat, but i'm sure you can get it off him.
'nam was a foot soldier's war, whereas this thing should, you know, be a piece of cake.
i mean, i had an m16 jacko, not an abrams fucking tank.
as a surfer, he explored the beaches of southern california, from la jolla to leo carrillo and up to pismo.
he died... he died as so many men of his generation, before his time.
now, dude, that's a name no one would self-apply where i come from.
there was a lot about the dude that didn't make sense to me, and a lot about where he lived, likewise.
'course i can't say i seen london, and i never been to france, and i ain't never seen no queen in her damned undies.
but i'll tell you what, after seeing los angeles and this story i'm about to unfold, well, i guess i seen somethin' every bit as stupefyin' as you'd see in any other places, and in english, too.
so i can die with a smile on my face without feeling like the good lord gypped me.
now, this story i'm about to unfold took place back in the early 90s, about the time of our conflict with saddam and the iraqis.
he fits right in there, and that's the dude, in los angeles.
and even if he's a lazy man, and the dude was most certainly that, quite possibly the laziest in los angeles county, which would place him high in the running for laziest worldwide.
i hope that my wife will learn to live on her ample allowance.
if not, that's her problem, not mine, just as the rug is your problem, just as every bum's lot in life is his own responsibility, regardless of who he chooses to blame.
i didn't rent it shoes, i'm not buying it a beer, he's not taking your turn, dude.
if my ex-wife asked me to take care of her dog while she and her boyfriend went to honolulu,
i'm performing my dance quintet, you know, my cycle, at crane jackson's fountain street theatre on tuesday night.
and, well, i'd love it if you came and gave me notes.
'i hope you're not avoiding this call because of the rug, 'which, i assure you, is not a problem.
'we need your help, and, uh... 'well, we'd like to see you.
little matter that she pursues a career in pornography nor that she's been "banging" jackie treehorn, to use the parlance of our times.
but i am one of the two trustees of the lebowski foundation, the other being my father.
speaking of which, do you think that you could... give me my 20,000 in cash?
my concern is... and i gotta check with my accountant... but this might bump me into a higher tax...
since you have failed to achieve, even in the modest task which was your charge, since you have stolen my money, since you have unrepentantly betrayed my trust...
i have no choice but to tell these bums to do whatever is necessary to recover their money from you, jeffrey lebowski.
your money is being held by a kid named larry sellers.
he lives in north hollywood, on radford, uh... by the in 'n' out burger.
as a surfer, he explored the beaches of southern california, from la jolla to leo carrillo and up to pismo.
he died... he died as so many men of his generation, before his time.
# and i won't forget to put roses on your grave
# no, i won't forget to put roses on your grave #
there was a lot about the dude that didn't make sense to me, and a lot about where he lived, likewise.
but then again, maybe that's why i found the place so darn interesting.
but i'll tell you what, after seeing los angeles and this story i'm about to unfold, well, i guess i seen somethin' every bit as stupefyin' as you'd see in any other places, and in english, too.
so i can die with a smile on my face without feeling like the good lord gypped me.
'please, call when you get in, and i'll send a limo.
'i hope you're not avoiding this call because of the rug, 'which, i assure you, is not a problem.
let me tell you something, pendejo, you pull any crazy shit with us, you flash a piece out on the lanes,
i'll take it and stick it up your ass and pull the fuckin' trigger till it goes click.
little matter that she pursues a career in pornography nor that she's been "banging" jackie treehorn, to use the parlance of our times.
but i am one of the two trustees of the lebowski foundation, the other being my father.
speaking of which, do you think that you could... give me my 20,000 in cash?
my concern is... and i gotta check with my accountant... but this might bump me into a higher tax...
since you have failed to achieve, even in the modest task which was your charge, since you have stolen my money, since you have unrepentantly betrayed my trust...
i have no choice but to tell these bums to do whatever is necessary to recover their money from you, jeffrey lebowski.
he lives in north hollywood, on radford, uh... by the in 'n' out burger.
a fuckin' brat, but i'm sure you can get it off him.
'nam was a foot soldier's war, whereas this thing should, you know, be a piece of cake.
i mean, i had an m16 jacko, not an abrams fucking tank.
as a surfer, he explored the beaches of southern california, from la jolla to leo carrillo and up to pismo.
he died... he died as so many men of his generation, before his time.
now dude, that's a name no one would self-apply where i come from.
but then, there was a lot about the dude that didn't make a whole lot of sense to me, and a lot about where he lived, likewise.
'course i can't say i seen london, and i never been to france, and i ain't never seen no queen in her damned undies as the fella says.
but i'll tell you what, after seeing los angeles and this a-here story i'm about to unfold, well, i guess i seen somethin' every bit as stupefyin' as you'd see in any of those other places,
now this here story i'm about to unfold took place back in the early nineties, just about the time of our conflict with saddam and the iraqis.
i only mention it 'cause sometimes there's a man, i won't say a hero, 'cause what's a hero?
but sometimes there's a man, and i'm talking about the dude here, sometimes there's a man, well, he's the man for his time and place.
he fits right in there, and that's the dude, in los angeles.
la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la
la la la la la la la la la la la la
the man in me will do nearly any task and as for compensation there's a little he would ask take a woman like you to get through to the man in me
the storm clouds are raging all around my door i think to myself i might not take it anymore take a woman like your kind to find the man in me
yeah, no, i did, but, you know, i spent most of my time, um, occupying various administration buildings, uh, smoking a lot of thai stick, breaking into the r.o.t.c., and bowling.
to tell you the truth, brandt, i don't remember most of it.
every time a rug is micturated upon in this fair city, i have to compensate the person... come on, man, i'm not trying to scam anybody here.
uh, you know, i...i was just... you were just looking for a handout like every other... are you employed, mr. lebowski?
i mean, your wife owes... my wife is not the issue here!
i hope that someday my wife will learn to live on her allowance, which is ample, but if she does not, that is her problem, not mine, just as the rug is your problem, just as every bum's lot in life
i can't leave him home alone or he eats the furniture.
i'm watching it while cynthia and marty ackerman are in hawaii.
i didn't rent it shoes, i'm not buying it a fucking beer, he's not taking your fucking turn, dude.
man, if my fucking ex-wife asked me to take care of her fucking dog while she and her boyfriend went to honolulu, i'd tell her to go fuck herself.
i hope you're not avoiding this call because of the rug...
ha ha ha... which, i assure you, is not a problem.
funny... i can look back on a life of achievement, challenges met, competitors bested, obstacles overcome.
i've accomplished more than most men and without the use of my legs.
he did 6 months at chino for exposing himself to an 8-year-old.
when he moved to hollywood, he had to go door-to-door to tell everyone he was a pederast.
oh, i told them if it was during league play... what's during league play?
life does not stop and start at your convenience, you miserable piece of shit.
take a woman like you to get through to the man in me
the storm clouds are raging all around my door i think to myself i might not take it anymore take a woman like your kind to find the man in me
they want you to take the money, drive north on the 405.
they will call you on the portable phone with instructions in about 40 minutes.
i dropped off the money exactly as per... look. man, i've got certain information, all right?
certain things have come to light, and... you know, has it ever occurred to you that instead of, uh, you know, running around, uh, blaming me, given the nature of all this new shit,
th-th-this could be a lot more, uh... uh, uh, uh, complex?
i mean, it might not be just such a simple, uh, you know?
speaking of which, do you think that you could, uh, give me my 20,000 in cash?
my concern is...and i gotta check with my accountant... but this might bump me into a higher tax, uh... brandt... give him the envelope.
and with brandt as my witness, i will tell you this:
any further harm visited upon bunny will be visited tenfold upon your head.
as if it's impossible to get some nail polish, apply it to someone else's toe.
someone else's... where the fuck are they gonna get... you want a toe?
if you don't calm down, i'm gonna have to ask you to leave.
lady, i got buddies who died face down in the muck so you and i could enjoy this family restaurant!
ja, and maybe we stomp on it and sqoosh it, lebowski.
it was discovered last night in van nuys lodged against an abutment.
probably a vagrant slept in the car or maybe just used it as a toilet and moved on.
hey, man... are you gonna find these guys or, you know, i mean, you got any promising, uh, leads or... leads?
wondrous apparition provided by magician doo doo doo lookin' out my back door
tambourines and elephants are playing in the band won't you take a ride on the flying' spoon?
doo doo doo bother me tomorrow today i'll buy no sorrows doo doo doo lookin' out my back door
he lives in north hollywood, on radford, near the in-n-out burger.
we'll go out there, we'll brace the kid, he should be a pushover.
we'll get that fucking $1 million back... if he hasn't spent it already.
uh, sir, i just want to say, uh... that we're both, on a personal level... really enormous fans.
branded, especially the early episodes, was truly a source of inspiration... sweetie, sit down!
now that we're competing with those amateurs, we can't afford to invest in little extras, like story, production value, feelings.
you know, people forget that the brain is the biggest erogenous zone.
she's been, um... i've heard that kidnapping story, so save it.
i know you're mixed up in all this, dude, and i don't care what you're trying to get from the husband.
your money is being held by a kid named larry sellers.
he lives in north hollywood, on radford, uh... by the in-n-out burger.
i woke up this morning with the sun down shining' in him
i found my mind in a brown paper bag but then
i tripped on a cloud and fell 8 miles high i tore my mind on a jagged sky i just dropped in to see what condition my condition was in yeah, yeah, oh, yeah what condition my condition was in
i pushed my soul in a deep dark hole and then i followed it in
someone painted echoes on in big black letters on the dead inside
i kept my foot on the gas as i left the road blew out my mind
8 miles out of memphis, and i got no spare 8 miles straightened up downtown somewhere i just dropped in to see what condition my condition was in
i said, i just dropped in to see what condition my condition was in yeah yeah oh, yeah
keep your ugly fucking gold-bricking ass out of my beach community.
i want to sleep with you in the desert tonight with a billion stars all around jesus... man, could you change the channel?
i had a really rough... i'll pull over and kiss your ass out.
man, come on, i had a rough night, and i hate the fucking eagles, man.
in fact, i don't want the father to be someone i have to see socially or who'll have any interest in raising the child himself.
oh, so that doctor... exactly. now, what happened to your face?
i say i entrusted the money to you, and you stole it.
as if we would ever dream of taking your bullshit money!
you thought that bunny had been kidnapped, and you were fucking glad, man.
you could use it as an excuse to make some money disappear.
i guess that's how the whole darn human comedy keeps perpetuating itself down through the generations.
westward in the wagons, and across the sands of time until we... oh, look at me.
captioning made possible by polygram video captioning performed by the national captioning institute, inc.
public performance of captions prohibited without permission of national captioning institute take me down, little susie, take me down
i know you think you're the queen of the underground send me dead flowers every morning
send me dead flowers by the mail send me dead flowers to my wedding
and i won't forget to put roses on your grave no, i won't forget to put roses on your grave
bright light city gonna set my soul gonna set my soul on fire got a whole lotta money that's ready to burn so get those stakes up higher there's a thousand pretty women waitin' out there they're all livin' devil may care
and i'm just the devil with love to spare so viva las vegas viva las vegas
viva las vegas with the neon flashin' and your one-armed bandits crashin' all those hopes down the drain viva las vegas turnin' day into nighttime night into daytime if see it once you'll never be the same again
i'm gonna keep on keep on the run if it costs me my very last dime if i wind up broke well, i'll always remember that that i had a swinging time i'm gonna give it everything i've got
lady luck please let the dice stay hot let me shoot a 7 with every shot viva las vegas viva las vegas viva las vegas viva viva viva viva
but then, there was a lot about the dude that didn't make a whole lot of sense to me, and a lot about where he lived, likewise.
but then again, maybe that's why i found the place so dern interesting.
well, i guess i seen somethin' every bit as stupefyin' as you'd see in any of those other places, and in english, too.
so i can die with a smile on my face without feeling like the good lord gypped me.
he fits right in there, and that's the dude, in los angeles.
and even if he's a lazy man, and the dude was most certainly that, quite possibly the laziest in los angeles county, which would place him high in the running for laziest worldwide.
this is the guy who should compensate me for the fucking rug.
his wife goes out and owes money all over town, and they pee on my rug?
inner-city children of promise but without the necessary means for necessary means for a higher education.
so mr. lebowski is committed to sending all of them to college.
i can't leave him home alone or he eats the furniture.
i'm watching it while cynthia and marty ackerman are in hawaii.
mr. lebowski, this is bill selliger of the southern cal bowling league, and i just got an informal report that a member of your team, a walter sobchak, drew a firearm during league play.
if this is true, of course, it contravenes a number of the league's bylaws and also article 27 of the league
he believes the culprits might be the very people who ...
soiled your rug, and you're in a unique position to confirm or disconfirm that suspicion.
let me tell you something, pendejo, you pull any crazy shit with us, you flash a piece out on the lanes,
i'll take it away from you and stick it up your ass and pull the fuckin' trigger till it goes click.
he doesn't approve of my lifestyle, and, needless to say, i don't approve of his.
however, i hardly wish to make my father's embezzlement a police matter, so i'm proposing that you try to recover the money from the people you delivered it to.
since you have failed to achieve, even in the modest task which was your charge, since you have stolen my money, since you have unrepentantly betrayed my trust...
i have no choice but to tell these bums to do whatever is necessary to recover their money from you, jeffrey lebowski.
ja, and maybe we stomp on it and sqoosh it, lebowski.
it was discovered last night in van nuys lodged against an abutment.
we can't afford to invest in little extras, like story, production value, feelings.
you know, people forget that the brain is the biggest erogenous zone.
keep your ugly fucking gold-bricking ass out of my beach community.
# i want to sleep with you in the desert tonight #
as if we would ever dream of taking your bullshit money!
you thought that bunny had been kidnapped, and you were fucking glad, man.
and when you're sitting there in your silk upholstered chair talkin' to some rich folks that you know
well, i hope you don't see me in my ragged company
i guess that's how the whole darn human comedy keeps perpetuating itself down through the generations.
westward in the wagons, and across the sands of time until we
by decree of the goa'uld system lords, you will die with dishonour.
my death feeds the fire that burns strong in the tok'ra.
she should have a chance to be here to see you through this.
i've got a feeling she's on a pretty important mission right now.
and my life span is twice what it would be without the blending.
and for all this, all i have to do is share my physical body.
she will be 203 of your years in a few of your days.
i was under the impression that goa'uld lived much longer than 200 years.
we are not the only ones who know of this planet.
those we left behind on the tauri also possess this knowledge.
o'neill, when a goa'uld infests its host,... ..their minds intermingle, become as one.
portions of jolinar of malk- shur may remain in captain carter's mind.
but that was on the planet that we - they - were fleeing.
legend says that when the tok'ra arrive on a planet, they go deep underground.
now i'm gonna let her sit here and watch me lose a war?
to some little runt so small i can't even see him?
if there's any family to contact, i'd get them here a. s. a. p.
so am i to understand you did not invite jolinar to use you as a host?
it's difficult enough with just the remnants of jolinar in here.
the last thing i need is another person - symbiote - whatever.
we are the most hunted, most hated enemies of the system lords.
hey, we haven't made too many friends along the way either.
you might be tortured to reveal where we are, or a spy might appear in your midst.
we would like to know what you can offer us... ..that is of sufficient value to justify our exposure.
we have decided not to accept your request for an alliance.
you shall be our guests until such time as we decide to move to another planet.
by decree of the goa'uld system lords, you will die with dishonour.
my death feeds the fire that burns strong in the tok'ra.
she should have a chance to be here to see you through this.
i've got a feeling she's on a pretty important mission right now.
and my life span is twice what it would be without the blending.
and for all this, all i have to do is... .. share my physical body.
she will be 203 of your years in a few of your days.
i was under the impression that goa'uld lived much longer than 200 years.
it's difficult enough with just the remnants of jolinar in here.
the last thing i need is another person - symbiote - whatever.
we are the most hunted, most hated enemies of the system lords.
hey, we haven't made too many friends along the way either.
you might be tortured to reveal where we are, or a spy might appear in your midst.
we would like to know what you can offer us... .. that is of sufficient value to justify our exposure.
we have decided not to accept your request for an alliance.
you shall be our guests until such time as we decide to move to another planet.
by decree of the goa'uld system lords, you will die with dishonour.
my death feeds the fire that burns strong in the tok'ra.
but that was on the planet that we - they - were fleeing.
legend says that when the tok'ra arrive on a planet, they go deep underground.
now i'm gonna let her sit here and watch me lose a war?
to some little runt so small i can't even see him?
if there's any family to contact, i'd get them here a. s. a. p.
so am i to understand you did not invite jolinar to use you as a host?
she will be 203 of your years in a few of your days.
i was under the impression that goa'uld lived much longer than 200 years.
you think by "form an alliance", we mean we want to be hosts?
what other sort of alliance would a non-blended human and the tok'ra want?
when i'm with you, i feel a different sort of... . .
i don't know... recognition than i do with the other tok'ra.
we are not the only ones who know of this planet.
those we left behind on the tauri also possess this knowledge.
she should have a chance to be here to see you through this.
i've got a feeling she's on a pretty important mission right now.
if there's any family to contact, i'd get them here a.s.a.p.
so am i to understand you did not invite jolinar to use you as a host?
it's difficult enough with just the remnants of jolinar in here.
the last thing i need is another person - symbiote - whatever.
we are the most hunted, most hated enemies of the system lords.
hey, we haven't made too many friends along the way either.
you might be tortured to reveal where we are, or a spy might appear in your midst.
we would like to know what you can offer us... ..that is of sufficient value to justify our exposure.
(teal'c) we are not the only ones who know of this planet.
those we left behind on the tauri also possess this knowledge.
o'neill, when a goa'uld infests its host,... ..their minds intermingle, become as one.
portions of jolinar of malk- shur may remain in captain carter's mind.
but that was on the planet that we - they - were fleeing.
legend says that when the tok'ra arrive on a planet, they go deep underground.
now i'm gonna let her sit here and watch me lose a war?
to some little runt so small i can't even see him?
if there's any family to contact, i'd get them here a. s. a. p.
so am i to understand you did not invite jolinar to use you as a host?
it's difficult enough with just the remnants of jolinar in here.
the last thing i need is another person - symbiote - whatever.
we are the most hunted, most hated enemies of the system lords.
hey, we haven't made too many friends along the way either.
you might be tortured to reveal where we are, or a spy might appear in your midst.
we would like to know what you can offer us... ..that is of sufficient value to justify our exposure.
we have decided not to accept your request for an alliance.
you shall be our guests until such time as we decide to move to another planet.
by decree of the goa'uld system lords, you will die with dishonour.
my death feeds the fire that burns strong in the tok'ra.
o'neill, when a goa'uld infests its host,... ..their minds intermingle, become as one.
portions of jolinar of malk-shur may remain in captain carter's mind.
but that was on the planet that we - they - were fleeing.
legend says that when the tok'ra arrive on a planet, they go deep underground.
now i'm gonna let her sit here and watch me lose a war?
to some little runt so small i can't even see him?
and my life span is twice what it would be without the blending.
and for all this, all i have to do is... ..share my physical body.
she will be 203 of your years in a few of your days.
i was under the impression that goa'uld lived much longer than 200 years.
you think by "form an alliance", we mean we want to be hosts?
what other sort of alliance would a non-blended human and the tok'ra want?
we have decided not to accept your request for an alliance.
you shall be our guests until such time as we decide to move to another planet.
we were in position to make the capture, and you let him get away.
and from what i see now, you may have even aided in his escape.
[ skinner ] video recon indicates haley had an accomplice at the park.
we've yet to identify who this was or how haley knew he was under surveillance.
they spot a tail on him, they're gonna shoot him on the spot.
we have got no other way of learning what they want past this,
the biotoxin was applied to the bearer bond with an aerosol spray,
but there is no evidence of it whatsoever on the theater stubs.
now, c.i.a. intelligence suggested that this biotoxin was stolen from the russians,
but my research indicates that it was almost certainly developed domestically.
being developed by the army's pine bluff facility in the 1960s.
it appears to be a very primitive strain of what we're seeing here.
we got here an hour ago, before any of the funds were touched or transferred.
the cash supply is being isolated, it's being locked down in the vault.
we chose this park because of the cherly blossoms, to match washington dc, and the capitol dome was put in.
those are cgi shots, that we did two of there, which worked pretty well.
i always wanted to do a story that was a thriller;
and the great thing about the x-files is that you can do different genres.
the paradigm the x-files can stretch to do a lot of things, and we hadn't done a thriller like this in a long time, or even at this time.
i was inspired by the movie the spy who came in from the cold, the martin ritt movie from 1965.
i had a card up on my bulletin board that said "mulder undercover".
and a couple of years went by before we found the right moment in the show to do it.
i was inspired by that and i was inspired by the movie heat, which had a lot of good action sequences and some surveillance sequences-
and we talked about just doing something very different from the beginning.
in fact, what's great about this to me is from the start you're questioning mulden
that was the thing about season eve, starting with the season ender from the previous year; and redux and redux ii, the episodes that started, where mulder has faked his own suicide, there's a tension between mulder and scully.
that was the idea, to sort of mix it up so that we don't know.
scully doesn't know whether to trust mulder; in a way, this season-
she doesn't know what his motives are, and she's still dealing with her cancen
of course, his motives were pure, he was trying to end a cure for her cancen
he's great with comedy he was great with action, he was great with the cool, detached, cynical character that mulder is.
but it was always a pleasure to see it, to get him running.
in fact, i understand he quite enjoyed this episode because he got to play a different side of mulden
this is all about paranoia, and so is the x-files in a lot of ways.
and i think we did a terrizic job of telling this kind of intricate story.
the hrst half in a lot of ways, is scully's, and it starts with this scene that you're watching now.
and what was, i think, shocking to the audience and part of the fun of this, is that mulder won't tell hen he's got a secret.
and in the context of season eve, you really believe it might be true-
this episode also calls back to an episode, i think it was number 13, called "patient x where mulder spoke at a ufo conference.
and that's actually spoken about during the course of the show as the point when, possibly mulder was recruited by these government-hating domestic terrorists to join them.
if you look at the wide shots contrasted with the long-lens tight shots that he does, a lot of tie-ins, it's really amazingly directed.
especially considering that you shoot these things in about eight days, where you shoot your average movie in three, four, eve, ten times that.
and this harks back to something that chris carter has been saying since the beginning of the shovm "it's only as scaly as it's real".
we make a lot of effort and do a lot of research to try to give the illusion that this could be happening
and when they come true, it makes you think about your role as a storyteller:
and i still believe drama is supposed to face those things in the world that are scaly.
to make him scaly to the audience, because placing him in that environment, putting some distance to him, has that effect.
these kind of shots are so efhcient, that go from a close-up to tight on this little canisten
i'm hoping people got that, that the whole idea of this episode is "ls mulder a traitor?"
and it's fun to make those little comments, whether in character names or place names, etcetera.
there are a lot of locations, but sometimes, when you're trying to match america, you end up using the same places again and again.
because there aren 't many motels in the same style that we have in the states, that kind of thing.
the more real it is, the scarier it'll be, and i think that's true.
but the make-up department, and the way rob bowman shot this, worked tremendously well.
die hard with a vengeance is what's playing on the screen.
because it's a fox movie, to be honest, we can get it cheap.
the terrorists have accepted his excuse for what happened in the park and why they were nearly caught.
and now he's going to be taken into their inner sanctum.
and this is when the story begins to shift, although not until later in this act do we completely go to mulder's side of things.
but up until now, or through this scene, i should say, we 're still in scully's head, and this is still "ls mulder a traitor?"
movies have acts as well, but in tv they're divided by commercial breaks.
and so what we call an act-out when we're boarding a story outlining, is that you want to engage the audience so that they'll wanna know what happened.
really it's interesting to me because not only is it spooky but it gives it a government feel, gives it an ofhcialdom feel.
he was very good at playing with the palate of the show, but keeping it dark and moody at all times.
but what's fun, and what we've tried to do, is make this seem the truth.
and it is the truth as far as skinner is concerned.
but as you peel back the onion you see more layers in this thing, and, hopefully you're shocked at the end to learn that this isn't the whole truth.
of course, on the x-files we 're blessed with an amazing cast.
not only the principals, but we had some excellent casting people who always found great guest casts.
and we used some of the same people several times because of that.
what i was saying was, as the show grew and has grown, and the characters have changed, we try to challenge ourselves and the actors with a new direction.
like season eve, which did have a lot of distance between mulder and scully, opened up, dealt with scully's cancer in new ways.
chris carter's feeling and our feeling was that if you don't mix it up, even though the audience worries that the show's gonna change,
i think the show stagnates, and wouldn't have continued on to be as successful as it was.
i thought this scene in particular was marvelously edited by lynne i/i/i//ingham-
just to keep the tension going and to make your stomach hurt for grabbing the man's hnger and breaking it.
i went for the pinkie because it was so easy to break and it seems so fragile.
but that's the kind of stuff you talk about for hours and hours when you are on writing staff on the x-files.
the danger in television, and in any dramatic art, movie-making, etcetera, you don't want it so graphic your audience is turned off but you want it to be graphic enough that it's scaly and impactful_
and one of the things rob did well here was covered the bodies in plastic, then used the famous xenons- there's a specif c xenon flashlight that, sort of the x-files made famous, and you see it a lot in the show.
standards and practices prevent you from showing things that are too graphic, although we often argue with them about what that means.
now, here, toward the end of act two, again, we're hoping to turn the tables on the audience.
and instead of just ending on this nice mulder and scully scene where they actually come together and mulder; in a way, admits what's going on because scully has been informed...
but instead of letting the act end there and the audience think
the x on the wall is a reference to earlier in the year when mulder removed the x they used to put up whenever he would want to speak to deep throat orx
so that tape residue, which, in retrospect, probably looks a little too obvious, was our little nod to that moment.
here you see that the bad guy knows what's going on.
the cigar was the actor's idea, and i think it worked, although it never occurred to me.
but he said "can i smoke a cigar in this scene?" and rob said "sure
you just saw a legend go by there that said "fbi headquarters, 3.14am."
it's a writer's way of planting a seed that will pay off at the end of the show.
and this nice ending shot of mitch pileggi as skinner lets you know what's going on in his head.
it's why she's on the x-files in a lot of ways.
and gillian is very very good at playing these scientizic mumbo-jumbo talk scenes.
this is how you're gonna solve an x-file, is by the science.
a couple of shots where there are things on the monitors, we did what we call a burn-in.
so they project a little blue onto the screen, and then later; in postproduction, we burn in or rotoscope in the image on that screen.
that's one great change, as digital technology gets better and better;
and it's a challenge and a lot of fun for all of us to do a new movie every week.
jacob haley dan von bargen's bad guy says a very important line here which is another subtle clue that something else is going on in this show, where he talks about lies within lies.
we were afraid the audience might have trouble following the lies within the lies, but i think because we plotted it so carefully and it was shot so well,
i do believe that you're taking on the experience with our characters rather than running behind them and not understanding what's going on.
mythology episodes deal with samantha's abduction and the conspiracy in the government, cigarette-smoking man, deep throat, and then the stand-alones were the "monsters of the week", as we call them.
and even though this is a stand-alone, it still plays on the basic themes of the show.
and rob bowman, when we were scouting, the minute he saw those sheets of plastic that are hanging from what i guess were arbors for vines, etcetera...
he saw those and it became a theme that he had the art directors run through the show,
it didn't occur to anybody until we saw the location and how cool that looked.
the terrorists use these masks, and the dracula mask actually was david's request.
or the killing, even before that, had masks, another kubrick hlm.
and when we saw these, we were a little wary, we didn't want it to look comical.
i love the skeletor mask that this fellow has, who was in the script as "skin-head man", the man who breaks mulder's hngen
this bank was a real depository in vancouver that once held, i believe, several billion dollars.
it was closed when we took oven but all the vaults were real, the actual vaults in the place.
this is an amazing shot that rob bowman designed and executed.
one shot takes you from that money all the way to bringing the terrorists out of the van.
and not only is it artistically beautiful and hlled with tension, but it also makes it producible on a television budget and schedule.
and obviously mulder being in the middle of this and having to...
what was interesting about this for us was "how far will mulder go?"
actually the button, if you'll notice, is flashing, they added the flashing afterwards because you couldn't see it in the original shot.
so that was a way to help tell the story again, through digital technology.
when we come back after the commercial break, which you'll see in a second, we're back where we left off
those don't always work, to be honest, because it's sort of an old-style television,
this, of course, is mulder's moment of truth, will he shoot this man?
and again, in a story about lies and deception, somebody saves mulder from that decision.
and we wanted to play on that idea that it wouldn't take much.
again, it's scaly in that america has been attacked by terrorists.
in retrospect, it's creepy that we talked about things like that, but, again, drama is here to deal with our fears and to help the audience deal with their fears.
here august bremmer is burning the money that they apparently robbed the place for
and this is where mulder hgures out that the whole idea of the heist was a deception.
it seemed we were working toward that, that's what the fbi and government thought, but, no, it's to put the biotoxin on the money to facilitate a larger terrorist act.
jacob haley saves mulder from being executed by bremmen then he levels his accusations at bremmen
then bremmer counters with the tape of mulder that he took from mulder's apartment.
we always give notes, help each other to make each other's scripts better
and i can recall doing a lot of drafts of this one and getting a lot of notes trying to make this scene and this moment as strong as possible.
this is another example of the efhcient shooting of rob bowman.
that hrst shot that shows you all the screens and brings scully in, it's just wonderful.
and now the deceptions are beginning to unravel and be exposed.
and what we want the audience to think is "now mulder's in dangen "
this scene and the scene that follows, what we call "mulder's death march what rob bowman kept saying, we talked a lot about and were all, in a weird way excited to do.
because it's very hard in a returning tv series to put the audience in the frame of mind that they think a main character might get killed.
cos they know this is david duchovny he's gonna be back next week.
so the trick is to make it as tension-hlled as possible to solve that problem.
cos the audience knows you're gonna save mulder because the show is coming back.
this long dolly shot, i think, was the longest section of dolly track ever set up by the x-files before or since.
all the coverage was done from this dolly but it's beautiful that it tracks through these haunting layers of plastic.
this was done with the steadicam, which is different than the dolly.
we try to use all of the tools of hlmmaking that we can on the x-files.
the trick here, and i think it worked pretty well, is to make the tension in the audience be "how will they solve this?
"how will they get mulder out of this?" things look worse and worse and worse.
and hopefully you have no suspicion by this point in the story that bremmer has a secret too.
and that's the heart of the show, and that's kind of what was at the heart, and what excited me about the spy who came in from the cold, my original inspiration for this episode.
in that, it was the spy that richard burton is trying to catch actually turns out to be working for us.
but, again, there's still layers here that have yet to be uncovered.
i like that shot that leads mulder away and i wish...
one of the restraints is you're limited to about 43 minutes, and in movies you can be more flexible- that shot went on for much longer:
i wish we could have kept it, but the networks won't let you do that.
again, the plastic that i talked about, just as a design element.
here's something coming up that is always a joy to write and to see for scully's characten
cos scully's always been reasonable, scientihc, a very very smart characten
and then every once in a while in the show we've allowed her to get angry.
and when she does. and gillian is so good at it, it's shocking for us, as audience members who love scully, to see her; as we say, "scully takin' names".
she gets in there and she goes off on the government lawyer here.
how do you hght these people, and do you hght them using their own weapons?
and our little denouement here is the demise of jacob haley.
as you recall, august bremmer gave him car keys that were...
we hope the audience gets, i think they do, the car keys were tainted with the biotoxin_
not only in the directing and the acting and the art direction, but also in where it ht in the grand scheme of the x-files.
i felt it was a nice twist, a nice change of pace for mulder and scully.
second in command of the militia group known as new spartans.
intelligence revealed haley was to make an exchange of money... for a quantity of automatic weapons... to conduct domestic terrorist activities... and to further their expressed goal of overthrowing the federal government.
have we determined a cause of death, how haley killed this man ?
he was killed by means of a highly toxic biological agent.
anybody care to tell me how this guy haley eluded us ?
[ skinner ] video recon indicates haley had an accomplice at the park.
what you've stumbled into is a classified action, a deep cover assignment.
until now, agent mulder's true mission was known only to the u.s. attorney and myself.
they spot a tail on him, they're gonna shoot him on the spot.
we have got no other way of learning what they want past this,
a strain of streptococcus, but one that has been genetically altered... to make it extraordinarily lethal.
but strep wouldn't be able to survive any kind of exposure to the environment.
but there is no evidence of it whatsoever on the theater stubs.
now, i still have no idea how these kids were unaffected.
but the c.d.c. database contains evidence of a streptococcus bacterium... being developed by the army's pine bluff facility in the 1960s.
it appears to be a very primitive strain of what we're seeing here.
we got here an hour ago, before any of the funds were touched or transferred.
the cash supply is being isolated, it's being locked down in the vault.
[ skinner ] video recon indicates haley had an accomplice at the park.
we've yet to identify who this was or how haley knew he was under surveillance.
once they get what they want, what's to keep them from killing him ?
they spot a tail on him, they're gonna shoot him on the spot.
but there is no evidence of it whatsoever on the theater stubs.
now, i still have no idea how these kids were unaffected.
what i'm saying is that the bio-weapons program may have continued in secret...
and that someone may be sending agent mulder on a suicide mission.
we got here an hour ago, before any of the funds were touched or transferred.
the cash supply is being isolated, it's being locked down in the vault.
15 hours ago a joint fbi/cla task force assembled to capture jacob steven haley, second-in-command of the group known as new spartans.
intelligence revealed haley was to make an exchange of money for weapons to conduct domestic terrorist activities and to further their goal of overthrowing the federal government.
this is just a little method that we use to learn the truth.
you might wanna put that hood back on me unless you wanna see a grown man cry.
but strep wouldn't be able to survive any exposure to the environment.
normally, but whoever produced this has cleverly coated the bacterium with a synthetic protective cover.
- the biotoxin was applied to the bearer bond with an aerosol spray but there's no evidence whatsoever of it on the theater stubs.
now, i still have no idea how these kids were unaffected.
but the cdc database contains evidence of a streptococcus bacterium being developed by the army's pine bluff facility in the 1960s.
it appears to be a very primitive strain of what we're seeing here.
[ skinner ] video recon indicates haley had an accomplice at the park.
we've yet to identify who this was or how haley knew he was under surveillance.
once they get what they want, what's to keep them from killing him ?
they spot a tail on him, they're gonna shoot him on the spot.
but there is no evidence of it whatsoever on the theater stubs.
now, i still have no idea how these kids were unaffected.
what i'm saying is that the bio-weapons program may have continued in secret...
and that someone may be sending agent mulder on a suicide mission.
we got here an hour ago, before any of the funds were touched or transferred.
the cash supply is being isolated, it's being locked down in the vault.
we were in position to make the capture, and you let him get away.
and from what i see now, you may have even aided in his escape.
have we determined a cause of death, how haley killed this man ?
he was killed by means of a highly toxic biological agent.
anybody care to tell me how this guy haley eluded us ?
[ skinner ] video recon indicates haley had an accomplice at the park.
what you've stumbled into is a classified action, a deep cover assignment.
until now, agent mulder's true mission was known only to the u.s. attorney and myself.
they spot a tail on him, they're gonna shoot him on the spot.
we have got no other way of learning what they want past this,
the biotoxin was applied to the bearer bond with an aerosol spray,
but there is no evidence of it whatsoever on the theater stubs.
now, c.i.a. intelligence suggested that this biotoxin was stolen from the russians,
but my research indicates that it was almost certainly developed domestically.
being developed by the army's pine bluff facility in the 1960s.
it appears to be a very primitive strain of what we're seeing here.
i felt it... or to be more accurate, i didn't feel it.
sir, it may have something to do with the goa'uld that invaded me.
you will meet your quota for the day, or you will not eat.
you know,... ..i've seen an awful lot of union violations around here.
you do realise it's also rude to kidnap people and chain them up in a mine.
forgive me for not telling my father what really happened by the cliff.
we will convince him that you are decent, honest people... ..who will bring no harm to our kingdom.
uh, well, i don't suppose we could go talk to your father... now?
i had come to believe my mother was wrong,... ..that my true love would never come.
i stood on that cliff and i wished one last time.
they worship him because he liberated them from the evil god.
um, then why does he still keep them working in the mine?
that thing will screw him up and we'll lose him anyway.
the memories that jolinar left in my mind... ..told me the sarcophagus will take away everything he is.
i felt it... or to be more accurate, i didn't feel it.
sir, it may have something to do with the goa'uld that invaded me.
you will meet your quota for the day, or you will not eat.
you know, i've seen an awful lot of union violations around here.
it would also be rude of you to try and hurt me in any way.
you do realise it's also rude to kidnap people and chain them up in a mine.
we will convince him that you are decent, honest people who will bring no harm to our kingdom.
uh, well, i don't suppose we could go talk to your father... now?
i had come to believe my mother was wrong, that my true love would never come.
i stood on that cliff and i wished one last time.
they worship him because he liberated them from the evil god.
um, then why does he still keep them working in the mine?
that thing will screw him up and we'll lose him anyway.
the memories that jolinar left in my mind told me the sarcophagus will take away everything he is.
i felt it...or to be more accurate, i didn't feel it.
sir, it may have something to do with the goa'uld that invaded me.
you will meet your quota for the day, or you will not eat.
you know,... ..i've seen an awful lot of union violations around here.
it would also be rude of you to try and hurt me in any way.
you do realise it's also rude to kidnap people and chain them up in a mine.
before she died, my mother and i used to come out here... ..and take long walks at night.
you can see every star in the sky through the treetops.
i stood on that cliff and i wished one last time.
at just the right moment you were there to save me, daniel jackson.
so the people worship your father because he's lived so long?
they worship him because he liberated them from the evil god.
oh, i sent general hammond a message, so he won't order an all- out attack.
if we do this right we'll have access to all the naqahdah... ..and the sarcophagus.
i felt it... or to be more accurate, i didn't feel it.
sir, it may have something to do with the goa'uld that invaded me.
you do realise it's also rude to kidnap people and chain them up in a mine.
forgive me for not telling my father what really happened by the cliff.
before she died, my mother and i used to come out here... . . and take long walks at night.
you can see every star in the sky through the treetops.
i stood on that cliff and i wished one last time.
at just the right moment you were there to save me, daniel jackson.
they worship him because he liberated them from the evil god.
um, then why does he still keep them working in the mine?
sir, i can't really explain it, but when he grabbed me i just knew.
i felt it... or to be more accurate, i didn't feel it.
it would also be rude of you to try and hurt me in any way.
you do realise it's also rude to kidnap people and chain them up in a mine.
before she died, my mother and i used to come out here... ..and take long walks at night.
you can see every star in the sky through the treetops.
i stood on that cliff and i wished one last time.
at just the right moment you were there to save me, daniel jackson.
so the people worship your father because he's lived so long?
they worship him because he liberated them from the evil god.
oh, i sent general hammond a message, so he won't order an all-out attack.
if we do this right we'll have access to all the naqahdah... ..and the sarcophagus.
sir, i can't really explain it, but when he grabbed me i just knew.
i felt it... or to be more accurate, i didn't feel it.
you do realise it's also rude to kidnap people and chain them up in a mine.
forgive me for not telling my father what really happened by the cliff.
before she died, my mother and i used to come out here... ..and take long walks at night.
you can see every star in the sky through the treetops.
i stood on that cliff and i wished one last time.
at just the right moment you were there to save me, daniel jackson.
so the people worship your father because he's lived so long?
they worship him because he liberated them from the evil god.
harm transferred to the navy's judge advocate general corps, which investigates, defends and prosecutes the law of the sea.
there, with fellow jag lawyer major sarah mackenzie, he now fights in and out of the courtroom with the same daring and tenacity that made him a top gun in the air.
closer to home, top military and civilian officials will attend the funeral service of deputy chief of naval operations vice admiral bill clancy today.
friends and colleagues are still struggling to understand what prompted bill clancy, a three-star admiral,
yes, sir, i do, but i wanted to hear your conclusions firsthand.
projectiles from a shotgun perforated the mandible, the maxilla sinuses and the frontal lobe, resulting in brain avulsion.
i'm just trying to save you the time of tracking me down.
look, i know this may not mean much to you, but i'm sorry your son died.
you have no idea what it was like waiting for luke night after night.
after a while, i stopped expecting him and started expecting a phone call.
and one by one, he neatly sliced their throats from ear to ear.
each time making sure he cut the carotid artery so he could drain their blood.
and only two years after he was sent to the hospital, he was released.
cured, only now with a hook where his left hand used to be.
the victim was kevin galbraith, a freshman english major at the university of portland.
he was parked on copper cove bridge with his girlfriend when the attack occurred, approximately 11.30pm.
police have interviewed her, but she knows nothing more than we know from the stories.
the group believes this won't be an isolated incident, so i've done a profile based on that.
no one in this hospital has been found guilty of a crime.
but we understand they may pose a danger to themselves and to society.
there are cases where killers, when released after up to 15 years, return to killing in exactly the same manner they'd used before confinement.
that is exactly the kind of bigotry that my patients face constantly, from all of society.
no one believes that counselling, intensive therapy, medication, can rehabilitate the sick.
these people are put in here with absolutely no expectation of ever being let out.
last night they had a supervised walk around the hospital grounds.
you mean he was actually allowed outside just three hours after he attacked that girl?
i know that things seem to get out of hand once in a while.
but there is no sliver of proof that anyone here had anything to do with the murders.
dr stoller, the exact nature of these crimes apply to a minute portion of the population.
now, someone in your maximum-security ward is responsible for these murders.
there's someone in the back of your car with a knife.
we're going into the cashier's booth, locking the door and calling the police.
but we who hunt monsters, who touch evil, run the risk that evil will touch us.
i think he figured out a way to take it out of them, but he couldn't take it out of himself.
and one by one, he neatly sliced their throats from ear to ear.
each time making sure he cut the carotid artery so he could drain their blood.
and only two years after he was sent to the hospital, he was released.
cured, only now with a hook where his left hand used to be.
the victim was kevin galbraith, a freshman english major at the university of portland.
he was parked on copper cove bridge with his girlfriend when the attack occurred, approximately 11.30pm.
police have interviewed her, but she knows nothing more than we know from the stories.
the group believes this won't be an isolated incident, so i've done a profile based on that.
no one in this hospital has been found guilty of a crime.
but we understand they may pose a danger to themselves and to society.
there are cases where killers, when released after up to 15 years, return to killing in exactly the same manner they'd used before confinement.
that is exactly the kind of bigotry that my patients face constantly, from all of society.
no one believes that counselling, intensive therapy, medication, can rehabilitate the sick.
these people are put in here with absolutely no expectation of ever being let out.
last night they had a supervised walk around the hospital grounds.
you mean he was actually allowed outside just three hours after he attacked that girl?
i know that things seem to get out of hand once in a while.
but there is no sliver of proof that anyone here had anything to do with the murders.
dr stoller, the exact nature of these crimes apply to a minute portion of the population.
now, someone in your maximum-security ward is responsible for these murders.
there's someone in the back of your car with a knife.
we're going into the cashier's booth, locking the door and calling the police.
but we who hunt monsters, who touch evil, run the risk that evil will touch us.
i think he figured out a way to take it out of them, but he couldn't take it out of himself.
harold had come into their camp and covered their faces with rags soaked in chloroform.
and one by one, he neatly sliced their throats from ear to ear.
each time making sure he cut the carotid artery so he could drain their blood.
there would have been an eighth victim, but the rag was dry and she fought through the anesthetic, and she found a cleaver, and when harold reached for her neck, she grabbed his arm and wham.
the victim was kevin galbraith, a freshman english major at the university of portland.
he was parked on copper cove bridge with his girlfriend when the attack occurred, approximately 11:30pm.
police have interviewed her, but she knows nothing more than we know from the stories.
the group believes this won't be an isolated incident, so i've done a profile based on that.
no one in this hospital has been found guilty of a crime.
but we understand they may pose a danger to themselves and to society.
the way these bodies were ripped apart, i think a coyote got to 'em before we did.
the tears in the bodies are too precise to be caused by an animal.
the killer and the victims' paths happened to cross at exactly the wrong moment.
mr black, you said the other murder was scripted, and this one is disorganized.
the killer of galbraith could integrate into society - hold down ajob, rent an apartment.
i can see this person walking down the street wearing the same blood-soaked clothing he wore while committing the crime.
there are cases where killers, when released after up to 15 years, return to killing in exactly the same manner they'd used before confinement.
that is exactly the kind of bigotry that my patients face constantly, from all of society.
no one believes that counseling, intensive therapy, medication, can rehabilitate the sick.
these people are put in here with absolutely no expectation of ever being let out.
last night they had a supervised walk around the hospital grounds.
you mean he was actually allowed outside just three hours after he attacked that girl?
i know that things seem to get out of hand once in a while.
but there is no sliver of proof that anyone here had anything to do with the murders.
dr stoller, the exact nature of these crimes apply to a minute portion of the population.
now, someone in your maximum-security ward is responsible for these murders.
where you see the potential for murder, i see the potential for recovery.
i'm not naive enough to think that my patients will ever be model citizens, but i believe that they can be productive, creative.
i mean "wow" like "you're crazy." how did you come up with that?
i think you should leave this hospital for a few days.
there's someone in the back of your car with a knife.
we're going into the cashier's booth, locking the door and calling the police.
"we have a group, we don't know what to call it.
we're thinking of calling ourselves... '5 nice looking young men who play musical instruments and are not jewish'"
i don't know if lance wrote that, or it sounds like him.
"within 24 hours you must send it to 10 other people.
then it goes on to talk about heather dickson a guy named keith who she fell in love with and she didn't send the letters to 10 people and he died in a massive car accident.
is this the thing that's been causing all the death in the world?
and when i spoke to them on the phone, paul said to me,
"look, can you sneak me a hamburger or something just please, anything, maybe a beef jerky you can stick it in your shoe,
it's a lot easier just to drink and then get your leg behind your neck like that...
i was in so much pain, so i got a massage.
well, it's more like a "face to face" kind of development here...
so if you can come in here that would be great.
so why don't you just bring your big shiny face out here and lay it on me?
well, you know i have some paperwork here and i thought...
could i just have an extra 15 minutes for lunch instead?
see, i think that it's hard for someone your age to appreciate what that kind of financial security means.
he's a small indian fellow and he plays this thing called 'the sitar'.
well, yeah, i know, but that doesn't work for the type of music we're playing!
if we had a little restaurant where we served curry then maybe you could bring this guy along!"
yeah, i mean, this is, gilbert this is a fascinating piece of musical history.
if you don't want to help me, how am i gonna get help?
i come here and i pay for help, and you're not gonna help me?
and also very hard for someone that age to appreciate what financial security means.
what happens if she doesn't stay with you till she's 59?
i just hate to see you being so hard on yourself, ben...
i'm just a little disappointed that i couldn't hold up my end of the bargain.
well, think of all the pressure that these other people would have felt had you fulfilled your responsibility...
so you think i almost did a good thing by breaking the chain?
we live in a world filled with people... wearing middle-aged bodies, yet they stumble to a crawl... with their childlike minds.
we must all go through a rite of passage, and it must be physical.
well, there's one name in particular that you may be interested in.
the last person missxxx chatted with before she disappeared, you know, f-from the chat room.
if a doctor performs a hair transplant or a nose job, that's okay.
but try and help another human being... achieve a higher level of spiritual and sensual awareness... by, say...
carleton hendricks, also known as captain howdy, has parents and concerned citizens there outraged... at his discharge... back into the helverton, colorado, community, where the memories of the heinous crimes he committed... only four short years ago... are still fresh in the minds of local residents.
colorado officials have been quoted as saying their hands "are tied."
this pain is an important part of our bonding, a physical horror that binds us... even tighter.
the very intensity of this experience... helps to widen the gulf between us... and those who have not shared it with us.
someday we'll meet, marry and have cybersex with the man of our dreams on-line.
everything i need to know about this guy is right here.
we live in a world filled with people... wearing middle-aged bodies, yet they stumble to a crawl... with their childlike minds.
we must all go through a rite of passage, and it must be physical.
that said, there are tribal women in borneo... who won't even consider having sex with a man who doesn't have an ampallang.
those i've used mine on have gotten a real kick out of it.
let's get you out of here so i can help these people.
time, weather and-- in the halcyon town of helverton, colorado, a veritable house of horrors was discovered today... by a detective searching for his missing daughter.
carleton hendricks, also known as captain howdy, has parents and concerned citizens there outraged... at his discharge... back into the helverton, colorado, community, where the memories of the heinous crimes he committed... only four short years ago... are still fresh in the minds of local residents.
colorado officials have been quoted as saying their hands "are tied."
some psycho animal is out there right now-- with our daughter, perhaps-- and you say everything's just fine ?
and who are you to tell me when i've had enough to drink ?
someday we'll meet, marry and have cybersex with the man of our dreams on-line.
everything i need to know about this guy is right here.
who won't even consider having sex with a man who doesn't have an ampallang.
those i've used mine on have gotten a real kick out of it.
[ man ] you got the extra battery pack, right ?
[ reporter ] this is the scene outside the home of carleton hendricks,
a man who, three years ago, was responsible for the kidnapping and torture...
of five young people and the untimely death of a 16-year-old girl.
perhaps if we hadn't had to go back for your speech, madam.
i daresay dr freud would have something to say about that.
our guest of honour, mrs bradley, has been described by the times no less as one of the country's foremost criminologists and psychoanalysts.
she is perhaps more at home lecturing policemen at scotland yard than young ladies at her alma mater.
mrs bradley, my husband and i have worked ceaselessly to build hadleigh heights' reputation.
we are not having it shot to pieces when the truth is plain to see.
if you don't mind my asking, but if you hated this place, why come back?
i've got one or two things to get off my chest.
the only surprise is that in hothouses like this it doesn't happen more often.
do you know if miss ferris had a regular travelling companion?
i first saw the original of this when i was on holiday in paris with my late husband and his mother, who said, "if he's the thinker, i wonder what he's thinking?"
to which my husband replied, "probably wishing he'd worn a vest."
all these imported books and postcards you sell, aren't they the kind the police would be rather interested in?
if you must know, he bought practical hypnosis by dr jurgen van gelder, and a book on sexual manners.
sometimes one can't help thinking how much simpler life would be without sex, or what my mother used to call "matters of the trouser".
then again, as st augustine said, "lord make me chaste, but not yet."
if there was a menage a trois, it might have a bearing on her death.
please try and understand, as far as mrs simms is concerned, even a conventional romance means instant dismissal.
i was just after some bickies, but the kitchen was locked, and i smelt gas.
so, you broke down the door, and then you arrived, is that right, sir?
are we really to believe that two teachers are dead because of petty rivalry?
and max valentine up and about in search of water for the second night running.
you were going to make her deputy principal even though your files show that miss bunting was far better qualified.
why promote the inferior candidate unless she had a hold over you?
if miss ferris was a blackmailer, she'd have to be silenced one way or another.
but imagine, george, spending all day, every day, surrounded by nubile young ladies.
most people read van gelder on the subject, but, personally, i think slegman has more to offer.
yes, i've been experimenting with it as a cure for phobias and other conditions.
really, mrs bradley, it goes against the grain to discuss patients.
well, we already know she had a severe heart condition, sir.
once upon a time there was an angry little girl, furious with the world, especially her parents, for leaving her all alone.
she knew they couldn't help it, but she was still angry, and the anger was so deep she didn't even know it was there.
i'm not trying to justify what she did, merely to understand it.
she craved a family and acceptance in what passes for polite society.
mind you, her husband was the type to cling on from beyond the grave.
i take it you didn't care for the old gentleman, madam.
i've said it more than once, i know, but the tyranny of the foundation garment is one of the major obstacles to the full emancipation of women.
therefore, a free pelvic floor is, in that sense, the first step toward a free mind.
but i know you, captain prideux, and i know who you were in the war.
my name is george moody and there's something i have to ask you.
no clanking chains or carrying its head under its arms or anything.
a flickering light moving through the house, dancing in the garden.
you creeping about in my things and my mother's not even cold in her bed.
and what valuables do you think we have, anyway, after a lifetime in service?
i know 1 50,000 men went over the top that first morning, and their bones still rise to the surface every year under the farmer's plough.
i know isobel marchmont lost three sons, and thousands of families lost fathers, sons and brothers.
but what's that got to do with the murder of her mother?
let alone ghosts and poisoned arrows, or the fact that lacey and douglas were married for nine years without issue until seth billings came along and now we're talking two pregnancies in one year.
twenty minutes of parental pride later, i had a fairly good idea.
pretty as a picture, bright as a button, sweet as sugar.
inspector christmas served in the army with great distinction, then went on to a second career with the police force.
we're proud that he's chosen our community for his impending retirement.
cutting off the victim's hair is all part of the ritual.
black jack was hanged, but if i'm right, if someone is reviving the cult,
i'm afraid my belief in god is roughly on a par with my belief in the tooth fairy.
still, at times like this, even i can see that faith has a place.
so, if jake hick's in the clear, you're none the wiser.
and you still think my daughter's death is to do with the revival of some sort of cult?
i can only assume it was someone's attempt at a practical joke.
no, mrs quincy, it was someone's attempt to scare me and stop me investigating the murder.
what you do in your own time is your own affair.
well, all that remains is to thank you all for coming.
she seems to have had another admirer, if that's the word.
"if lust is a sin, i am damned by my desire for you."
next thing i know, i'm coming round on the beach, that thing round me neck like a noose.
i've said some prayers in my time, but never like last night.
the strangler could have faked his suicide in order to throw us off the scent.
just as lester hicks could have staged the attack on himself.
"exactly 200 years ago, a cult began right here in porth carrack.
"on the eve of her wedding, a young woman is found dead on a beach,
no, this is a trick to throw us off the real scent.
you could say the same about the map and the church.
good of you to worry about my soul, mrs bradley, but i have all the salvation i need.
when you asked me if jack briggs had a family, you already knew the answer.
rather an ironic death, given the fact that she was so adept at dealing with knives.
the lacerations run from left to right which probably means the killer was right-handed.
but to find them, we'll have to get past the travellers first, which is where i need your help.
has no one ever told you that an eavesdropper never hears anything good about themselves, mr...?
but we still haven't talked to archie the clown or even castries himself.
i'll leave that to you, mrs bradley, while i search his caravan.
if your father's troupe was the best around, why did you leave?
i was in a double act, but i lost my partner.
i told her she was too good for him, but you know how women are.
a man of your experience, you must command a great deal of respect among the other artistes.
we will remember her with love and affection but take some comfort from the fact that she is now with the lord.
forever in our hearts and in our prayers, we will remember her always.
what would i want to go and see a load of freaks for?
so you wouldn't have been at the show on the night of the murder, then?
given the choice of staying at home with a man like that or throwing oneself under a horse, i know which i would choose.
will you show us how to do some card tricks, mr moody?
now i come to think of it, i did go to the show that night.
if i tell you, i don't want it getting out round here, right?
i'd been...entertaining that castries the first night the show came here.
he told me he'd see me after his act the next night.
archie's misogyny is obvious, whereas an attack of this nature is far more motivated by an internal anger.
an anger usually kept under control unless the man or the woman feels threatened.
the next person to try out his forearm skills will be spending a night at the station.
until we find the killer, i suggest you all go home and lock your doors.
you should have moved these people on when i asked you to.
as i just said, mr forrester, go back home for your own safety.
it won't be easy trying to find another job when you're on the run.
if the police ever find you, i wouldn't like to be in your shoes.
she wasn't a proper mother to my boys from the day they were born.
she could never fit in with your ideals of family and respectability.
i planted her purse and the scarf in castries' knife box to make it look like he'd killed her.
and when that didn't work, you tried to frame archie by killing madam marlene.
and when mrs cockerton found out the truth, you went even further.
she said she wouldn't tell the police if i agreed to marry her.
...to take unto himself the soul of our dear brother here departed, we therefore commit his body to the ground, earth to earth, ashes to ashes, dust to dust, in sure and certain hope of the resurrection to eternal life
through our lord jesus christ, who shall change our vile body that it may be like unto his glorious body, according to the mighty working whereby he is able to subdue all things to himself.
oh, everard's going to be hugely famous after his expedition to africa.
a humble explorer hardly compares with the woman who caught the bombay poisoner and the blackmailer of belgrave square.
i was thinking, he might have assumed, given your condition, that he would never be put to the test, so to speak.
you mean an invalid wife would never be expected to do as other wives?
perhaps under the weight of someone using it to climb up.
thereby cutting off the escape route and forcing the culprit to leave by the bathroom door.
may the bereaved among us draw comfort as the lord gives light to them that sit in darkness and in the shadow of death.
mountjoy would have his back to the window, so he wouldn't see his assailant enter.
as i cross the room, he sees me, but too late.
i seize the feet and hoist them into the air like so.
of course, the challenge is to use it in an actual sentence.
she's no better than she should be if you ask me.
i have an increasing inability to trust people, even old friends.
alastair has every right to creep around his own house, still, with a murderer on the loose, one can't help but wonder, can one?
mrs bradley, i'm sure your reputation is well deserved, but i'm afraid this time you're barking up the wrong tree.
it was that business about the cheque and the row with mountjoy that seemed to unnerve him.
as long as you've lived in the parish for 1 5 days or more.
look, i know it was impetuous, but after what happened last night, she needs looking after.
i thank god your mother is not alive to see this.
i've been proud of that boy all his life until now.
i'm afraid all the rooms on the first floor are taken, miss.
i've put you in the blue room on the second floor.
yes, but from this angle, the mirror would have given him a perfect view.
not only of the rifle, but of the person aiming it at dorothy.
well, she should mind her own business and you should mind your manners.
when i interviewed george for the position of chauffeur, he told me his wife had left him, gone off to better herself.
if i saw bertie slip this note into dorothy's handbag, it stands to reason somebody else did.
and that someone stole the handbag purely in order to read this note.
i made the fatal error of picking lint from his lapel.
his wife, charming woman with just the hint of a squint, saw me make this small, but unmistakably intimate, gesture.
my sister used to be in love with bertie, miss storbin.
he was driving her back from la boheme on the night of the accident which paralysed her.
and she tried to kill pamela out of a jealousy that she might steal beloved bertie's heart.
but he's the one who pushed you down the stairs, miss.
because he knew it was you that tried to shoot dorothy.
and he still said nothing because he knew no one would believe him, least of all your father.
he couldn't stand by waiting for you to strike again, so he took matters into his own hands.
all that talk about love at first sight, about bertie and pamela, you were deliberately trying to make me jealous, trying to trick me into giving myself away.
and i then began to get ready for the party to celebrate my engagement to the person i'd just killed in cold blood.
when this is all over, i'll ask bertie to marry me.
this rather puts me in mind of that old parlour game, consequences.
poor bertie philipson met rich pamela storbin at a country house weekend.
no, what i'm saying is, is that what you're feeling is normal and i understand.
i also know that you need your rest and you need to eat properly.
thank you, admiral, but i told bud that i'd wait to hear from him.
harriet, it could be after midnight before he gets a chance to call you.
however, the major and i would be more than willing to aid in any legal matters that might arise while we're aboard.
that's good, because if this thing turns ugly and forces us into a war, it's always nice to have a couple of lawyers around to blame.
suddenly the mig fires, so i punch off flares and chaff and break hard.
next thing i know, i've got this bucking-bronco turbulence and i see this explosion in the mirror.
i couldn't fire, but i knew i had to get the mig off his tail.
and all i could think to do was to get in between him and the enemy.
so when i say that plane was working properly before she left, you've got my word on it, commander.
then how do you account for the fact that commander rice was unable to fire his missiles?
all i know is that everything was working when she left the deck.
that plane was used in a missile exercise the day before and she performed flawlessly, commander.
if a pilot heard an order not to shoot at a critical moment and he hesitated, it would be the difference between surviving a dogfight and not.
but even so, any radio transmission would still have been recorded, unless...
because the only one who is gonna be damned by your investigation is commander rice.
all we're trying to do here is find out the truth.
wouldn't be the first time hearing strange voices was used as a criminal defence.
true, but didn't you once tell bud that you thought you heard your father's voice guide you through a landing?
well, certainly not guardian angels who tell fighter pilots not to fire.
there are more things in heaven and earth, harm, than are dreamt of in your philosophy.
you knew this man before or after god spoke to him, padre?
so in your opinion, the hand of god can just...reach out and touch somebody?
but i've been playing cards with this man since the beginning of the cruise.
and it's been my experience that you can learn as much about a man in a poker game as you can in a confessional.
so if commander rice said that he heard a voice telling him not to shoot down that enemy, i believe him.
now, whether that was the voice of god, that's between commander rice and the man upstairs.
well, what if it happened for a reason that was beyond your understanding?
i mean, you've helped a lot of people as a lawyer, right?
maybe you got night blindness and became a lawyer so you could, i don't know, help people like me.
i mean, what if there's a grand scheme that we're only occasionally privy to now and then, and this is god's way of telling us he's got other plans for our lives?
the last thing i want is somebody up there who's not totally committed to what he's doing.
i had a pilot once who swore ann-margret used to dance on his wings.
fear helps a pilot focus on the important things, the things that can kill you.
yes, sir, that's true, but at the moment, my findings are inconclusive.
who needs a higher power more than the men who drive them?
hell, it may be the reason you're here talking to me right now.
in 20 minutes, karma's plane runs out of fuel and starts to descend.
once he drops below 10,000 feet, they should regain consciousness, which may give them enough time to punch out.
the autopilot uses the computer navigation system to make hundreds of course corrections a second, based on information it receives from sensors located throughout the plane.
so if those sensors detect a significant change, the autopilot will disengage.
no, what i'm saying is, is that what you're feeling is normal and i understand.
i also know that you need your rest and you need to eat properly.
thank you, admiral, but i told bud that i'd wait to hear from him.
harriet, it could be after midnight before he gets a chance to call you.
however, the major and i would be more than willing to aid in any legal matters that might arise while we're aboard.
that's good, because if this thing turns ugly and forces us into a war, it's always nice to have a couple of lawyers around to blame.
suddenly the mig fires, so i punch off flares and chaff and break hard.
next thing i know, i've got this bucking-bronco turbulence and i see this explosion in the mirror.
i couldn't fire, but i knew i had to get the mig off his tail.
and all i could think to do was to get in between him and the enemy.
so when i say that plane was working properly before she left, you've got my word on it, commander.
then how do you account for the fact that commander rice was unable to fire his missiles?
all i know is that everything was working when she left the deck.
that plane was used in a missile exercise the day before and she performed flawlessly, commander.
if a pilot heard an order not to shoot at a critical moment and he hesitated, it would be the difference between surviving a dogfight and not.
but even so, any radio transmission would still have been recorded, unless...
because the only one who is gonna be damned by your investigation is commander rice.
all we're trying to do here is find out the truth.
wouldn't be the first time hearing strange voices was used as a criminal defence.
true, but didn't you once tell bud that you thought you heard your father's voice guide you through a landing?
well, certainly not guardian angels who tell fighter pilots not to fire.
there are more things in heaven and earth, harm, than are dreamt of in your philosophy.
you knew this man before or after god spoke to him, padre?
so in your opinion, the hand of god can just...reach out and touch somebody?
but i've been playing cards with this man since the beginning of the cruise.
and it's been my experience that you can learn as much about a man in a poker game as you can in a confessional.
so if commander rice said that he heard a voice telling him not to shoot down that enemy, i believe him.
now, whether that was the voice of god, that's between commander rice and the man upstairs.
well, what if it happened for a reason that was beyond your understanding?
i mean, you've helped a lot of people as a lawyer, right?
maybe you got night blindness and became a lawyer so you could, i don't know, help people like me.
i mean, what if there's a grand scheme that we're only occasionally privy to now and then, and this is god's way of telling us he's got other plans for our lives?
the last thing i want is somebody up there who's not totally committed to what he's doing.
i had a pilot once who swore ann-margret used to dance on his wings.
fear helps a pilot focus on the important things, the things that can kill you.
yes, sir, that's true, but at the moment, my findings are inconclusive.
who needs a higher power more than the men who drive them?
hell, it may be the reason you're here talking to me right now.
in 20 minutes, karma's plane runs out of fuel and starts to descend.
once he drops below 10,000 feet, they should regain consciousness, which may give them enough time to punch out.
the autopilot uses the computer navigation system to make hundreds of course corrections a second, based on information it receives from sensors located throughout the plane.
so if those sensors detect a significant change, the autopilot will disengage.
when i spun off the road, i wiped out a nativity scene.
miraculously, i managed to avoid baby jesus, but i decapitated two wise men and a donkey.
major mackenzie, i was just about to bring her to you.
i still haven't heard from your stepfather, but i think we should take you home anyway before it gets any worse out.
i had bruises all over my body until i was 13.
no, these aren't bruises that one gets from climbing trees or playing tag.
she said her biological father died at sea the day she was born.
the only reason she says things like that is because she's starving for attention.
he probably got married and has a bunch of his own kids now.
let's just slow down and take this one step at a time, okay?
well, no, every now and then, i meet a guy who's pretty hot.
only to find out he's in love with his mother and he still wets the bed.
i promised myself that i'd find him and bring him back, you know.
i guess it became a bit of an obsession, but at least i had a definite goal.
i never realised how much of who i am has been shaped by my search for him.
you know, and now it's like i'm not driving the bus anymore, you know.
but what if he was never part of this little girl's life on purpose?
i mean, men with great service records can still hate kids.
occasionally, well, we have to do things we don't wanna do.
but sometimes, duty can be about resisting the temptation to do things that we would like to do.
his own wife and son were killed in an automobile accident two years ago.
it's like he's been given a second chance at a family.
i know it would be the greatest gift we could give her.
you realise that between man-hours and satellite time, we're talking about a $4,000 phone call.
you know, when i was your age and things started getting confusing,
i'd climb up into my parents' garage and stay there by myself for hours.
12 years as sheriff, i never had a single unidentified body.
they put this new highway through and suddenly we're rolling in 'em.
i want you on this case but working on a different angle.
down here. 15 years ago, a woman named cynthia paggett disappeared.
in fact, we could never find any evidence of any crime.
everything in the note had come out in the newspaper, including the fact that i was investigating, so, yeah, i figured "crackpot, let it go".
- some variety of aspergillus that is unique to central florida.
so whoever removed these bodies here went to a whole lot of trouble.
we cross-referenced medical records down the eastern seaboard trying to id the skull.
using the position of the hole and by matching the bore lines to a surgical drill bit used at mass general in the '80s, we narrowed it down to four possibilities, including...
if a school test administrator finds thousands of iq tests tampered with, gone.
if witnesses in oklahoma city report a halo effect five seconds before the explosion, gone.
if five satellites explode on their launch pads and somebody asks why, gone.
if a doctor doing an autopsy finds mutation two weeks after a so-called radio installation goes on line in alaska...
i don't care if you're talking about space aliens or jfk or... the millennium group.
cheryl andrews was a valued comrade who died ten months ago at her home in omaha.
even if we definitively id them, the process is gonna take months, maybe years.
the millennium group identified a fungus on the bones from florida.
12 years as sheriff, i never had a single unidentified body.
they put this new highway through and suddenly we're rolling in 'em.
i want you on this case but working on a different angle.
down here. 15 years ago, a woman named cynthia paggett disappeared.
in fact, we could never find any evidence of any crime.
everything in the note had come out in the newspaper, including the fact that i was investigating, so, yeah, i figured "crackpot, let it go".
- some variety of aspergillus that is unique to central florida.
so whoever removed these bodies here went to a whole lot of trouble.
we cross-referenced medical records down the eastern seaboard trying to id the skull.
using the position of the hole and by matching the bore lines to a surgical drill bit used at mass general in the '80s, we narrowed it down to four possibilities, including...
if a school test administrator finds thousands of iq tests tampered with, gone.
if witnesses in oklahoma city report a halo effect five seconds before the explosion, gone.
if five satellites explode on their launch pads and somebody asks why, gone.
if a doctor doing an autopsy finds mutation two weeks after a so-called radio installation goes on line in alaska...
i don't care if you're talking about space aliens or jfk or... the millennium group.
cheryl andrews was a valued comrade who died ten months ago at her home in omaha.
even if we definitively id them, the process is gonna take months, maybe years.
the millennium group identified a fungus on the bones from florida.
he's got some army somewhere ready to pounce on the valley.
he wanted xena out of the way, so he wanted to get me mad at you.
- you know, my boyfriend, hower, he thinks that the goddess of love is just sooo beautiful and perfect.
wait till he hears you're just as plain dirt on a wagon wheel just like me!
i'm supposed to be the great bard with the wonderful stories.
i can't even write a happy ending without screwing it up.
joxer, you said that you would never, ever part with that scabbard.
well, you know, gabrielle, some things in life are worth more than what they seem.
ares, we have got to catch up with your warrior friends, so we can call off this attack.
well, i can't stop them as a mortal, but when i get my powers back, i promise,
you sent me to visit a girl i hadn't seen since i was five-- my firstfriend.
what about "xena rejoins the woman who brought her to a new life"?
"lies will make the world go 'round till true words are written down."
so, if you make something up, the scroll has the power to make it happen.
my boyfriend, hower..., ...he thinks that the goddess of love is just so beautiful and perfect...
wait till he hears you're just as plain as dirt on a wagon wheel.
i did start back once, but then i was overtaken by this irresistible urge to return to fishing.
i figure that's where you wrote "xena returns from her journey.".
lies will make the world go 'round..., ...till truer words are written down.
so if you make something up, the scroll has the power to make it happen.
i write "xena burst on the scene in a blaze of glory.".
you do that, we'll be picking her up in a million pieces.
in my hands, this scroll could be a gift to mankind.
xena will be very proud when she comes back from fishing.
is there... something that we can do to, um, help you?
we're collecting goods for our orphans, things we can sell in our shop in town.
i'm sure it would, but i wouldn't give this up just for anybody.
still, for the, uh, sisters of gaea- [ gasps ] - [ armor rattles ]
he's got some army somewhere ready to pounce on the valley.
he wanted xena out of the way, so he wanted to get me mad at you.
joxer, you said that you would never, ever part with that scabbard.
well, you know, gabrielle, some things in life are worth more than what they seem.
well, i can't stop them as a mortal, but when i get my powers back, i promise,
i'm gonna punish thelonius and his army in some painful and horrible way.
you sent me to visit a girl i hadn't seen since i was five-- myfirstfriend.
what about "xena rejoins the woman who brought her to a new life"?
[ chuckles ] she must have thrown that just for the "halibut."
[ laughs ] write, "xena hit the warrior with a squid."
- [ fierce yell ] - "xena fought with the warrior leader."
"fought with the--" hey, what do you mean "awoke with a jerk"?
do you know how long it takes to decode a cardassian transmission?
i invented some of the basic encryption protocols for the obsidian order but it still takes me days to decipher a simple sentence.
i know. i've been claustrophobic for as long as i can remember, but it seems to have gotten worse.
rooms that i once found completely tolerable now suddenly feel alarmingly cramped.
what will you learn in the next few months that you haven't learned in the last 300 years?
how to keep from breaking into tears, how to stop standing on my head.
i wasn't trapped. i knew he'd let me out when i learned my lesson.
did you think you deserved to be locked in that closet?
i'll tell quark to make this holosuite available to you 26 hours a day.
next time you feel like jumping out the nearest airlock, come here instead.
at least we found out what's been triggering these claustrophobic attacks.
when i agreed to help starfleet, i was convinced it was the right thing to do.
besides benjamin, you're the only one of jadzia's friends who's not uncomfortable around me.
she and i were close, i don't see any reason why we shouldn't be.
do you know how long it takes to decode a cardassian transmission?
i invented some of the basic encryption protocols for the obsidian order but it still takes me days to decipher a simple sentence.
i want to see an end to this war just as much as you.
now if you'll excuse me, i'm going to go hem some pants.
part of me is glad to know that she is not gone forever.
but in some ways it would be easier if she were.
no matter how many times it happens to you, you never get used to it.
it must be a little disconcerting for you, knowing that i have jadzia's memories.
i've been claustrophobic for as long as i can remember, but it seems to have gotten worse.
rooms that i once found completely tolerable now suddenly feel alarmingly cramped.
what will you learn in the next few months that you haven't learned in the last 300 years?
how to keep from breaking into tears, how to stop standing on my head.
i knew he'd let me out when i learned my lesson.
did you think you deserved to be locked in that closet?
we're not talking about me and worf, we're talking about you and worf.
i sympathise with what he's going through, but you have as much right to be here as he does.
i'll tell quark to make this holosuite available to you 26 hours a day.
next time you feel like jumping out the nearest airlock, come here instead.
you could spend the rest of your life underground, in the dark, stirring mud.
80 or 90 years of that just might be what you need.
i wanted to believe i was helping my people, liberating them.
but all i've done is pave the way for their annihilation.
besides benjamin, you're the only one of jadzia's friends who's not uncomfortable around me.
she and i were close, i don't see any reason why we shouldn't be.
do you know how long it takes to decode a cardassian transmission?
i invented some of the basic encryption protocols for the obsidian order but it still takes me days to decipher a simple sentence.
i want to see an end to this war just as much as you.
now if you'll excuse me, i'm going to go hem some pants.
i knew he'd let me out when i learned my lesson.
did you think you deserved to be locked in that closet?
part of me is glad to know that she is not gone forever.
but in some ways it would be easier if she were.
and speaking as a friend... who's fought side by side with you for 15 years...
i will sorely miss the unshakable support... you've given the royal hong kong police.
so, on behalf of all brits... who have ever carried the shield in hong kong we shall miss you.
we wish you nothing but happiness... as you take up your new post in the united states.
i'm sure that you and mr. lee will have a nice time together.
you better call the fbi or i drop his ass at panda express.
give me one ofthem star maps... for $45, you understand what i'm saying?
don't know nothin' about no kidnapping... but this dude's buying firearms, explosives, and people...
could be nitro cap, could be cross-delayed... definitely not homemade, definitely not american.
i could open up a garage door, or blow up some c4.
he was killed making a routine traffic stop in daylight... by some punk who didn't want no ticket... when his partner was to get out of the car and back him up, he didn't.
my father was as devoted as you, and now he's dead.
detective inspector lee help me raid... every known asset of juntao's operation.
we confiscated millions in weapons and cash... and a collection of chinese art unsurpassed in the world.
on behalf ofthe people's republic of china, thank you for coming.
i am pleased to present 5.000 years of chinese history and heritage... a collection which, until recently, was thought to be lost forever.
consul han has been fighting flu for the past few days... so perhaps i should finish what he started.
the first thing we gotta do is clear out this riffraff.
i worked most of my life to acquire and catalog... these priceless pieces that you see before you.
and then, in one fell swoop, it was taken away from me.
and speaking as a friend... who's fought side by side with you for 15 years...
i will sorely miss the unshakable support... you've given the royal hong kong police.
so, on behalf of all brits... who have ever carried the shield in hong kong... we shall miss you.
we wish you nothing but happiness... as you take up your new post in the united states.
lee is a foreign detective and a friend of the consul's.
it's your job to keep him out of sight and away from danger.
i'm sure that you and mr. lee will have a nice time together.
you better call the fbi or i drop his ass at panda express.
give me one of them star maps... for $45, you understand what i'm saying?
don't know nothin' about no kidnapping... but this dude's buying firearms, explosives, and people...
we wanted detective lee to have one of our best men by his side.
agent russ, maybe this is a good time... to tell him the details of my assignment.
you may be very competent, but the mere fact... that you know this girl compromises your judgment.
sir, if you were asking for $50 million dollars... would you be in a place like that?
could be nitro cap, could be cross-delayed... definitely not homemade, definitely not american.
it could open up a garage door, or blow up some c-4.
he was killed making a routine traffic stop in daylight... by some punk who didn't want no ticket... when his partner supposed to get out of the car... and back him up, he didn't.
my father was as devoted as you, and now he's dead.
consul han has been fighting flu for the past few days... so perhaps i should finish what he started.
the first thing we gotta do is clear out this riffraff.
consul han, six blocks of c-4 are wired to your daughter... in a car outside.
before the changeover, most of this exhibition... was in the hands of a single private collector...
but i believe we can ill afford to lose men ofyour high character.
and speaking as a friend... who"s fought side by side with you for 15 years...
i will sorely miss the unshakable support... you"ve given the royal hong kong police.
so, on behalf of all brits... who have ever carried the shield in hong kong we shall miss you.
i am pleased to be able to leave you and hong kong... with a special gift tonight.
earlier this evening, detective inspector lee... and his special task force have once and for all... crushed the juntao criminal organization... and reclaimed artifacts from 5,000 years of china"s heritage.
this is why nobody will work with you... why you"re the only cop in the department without a partner.
johnson, look, first of all, ifyou want a date with me... you have to wait on the list like every other woman, ok?
well, as long as we"re gonna humiliate someone... might as well be lapd.
even if i had an extra man who would want such a bullshit assignment?
you may be very competent but the mere fact... that you know this girl compromises yourjudgment.
sir, ifyou were asking for $50 million... would you be in a place like that?
consul han, six blocks of c4 are wired to your daughter in a car outside.
before the changeover, most ofthis exhibition... was in the hands of a single private collector.
we were just coming by... to tell you what a great job you did yesterday.
and when you come back... there"s gonna be an fbi badge waiting for you.
i will sorely miss the unshakable support you've given the royal hong kong police.
and so, on behalf of all brits who have ever carried the shield in hong kong... we shall miss you.
you know, this is why nobody will work with you, man, why you're the only cop in the department without a partner.
johnson, look, look, first of all, if you wanna go out on a date with me you gonna have to wait on the list like every other woman, okay?
well, as long as we're gonna humiliate someone, might as well be lapd.
well, even if i had an extra man, who would want such a bullshit assignment?
lee is a foreign detective, he's a personal friend of the consul's.
now, it's your job to keep him out of sight and away from danger.
i don't know nothin' about no kidnapping but i tell you this.
it's this dude that's buying all kind of firearms, explosives, and people like he seems to start some kind of war...
just let me go in here and get somethin' to eat.
when i come back out, i'm-a take you wherever you wanna go.
we wanted detective lee to have one of our best men by his side at all time.
agent russ, maybe this is a good time to tell the consul the details of my assignment.
could be nitro cap, could be cross-delayed, definitely not homemade, definitely not american.
i mean, it could open up a garage door, or blow up some c4.
my father was killed makin' a routine traffic stop in broad daylight by some punk who didn't want no ticket, when his partner supposed to get out of the car and back him up, but never did.
my father was just as much devoted as you, and now he's dead.
on behalf of the people's republic of china, thank you for coming.
i am pleased to present 5,000 years of chinese history and heritage, a collection which, until recently was thought to be lost forever.
i worked most of my life to acquire and catalog these priceless pieces that you see before you.
and then, in one fell swoop, it was taken away from me.
we were just coming by to tell you what a great job you did yesterday.
and when you come back, there's gonna be an fbi badge waiting for you.
forgive me, consul han... but i believe we can ill afford... to lose men of your high character.
and speaking as a friend... who's fought side by side with you for 15 years...
i will sorely miss the unshakable support... you've given the royal hong kong police.
so, on behalf of all brits... who have ever carried the shield in hong kong... we shall miss you.
i am pleased to be able to leave you and hong kong... with a special gift tonight.
earlier this evening, detective inspector lee... and his special task force have once and for all... crushed the juntao criminal organization... and reclaimed artifacts... from 5,000 years of china's heritage.
this is why nobody will work with you... why you're the only cop in the department without a partner.
johnson, look, first of all, if you want a date with me... you have to wait on the list like every other woman, ok?
well, as long as we're gonna humiliate someone... might as well be lapd.
even if i had an extra man... who would want such a bullshit assignment?
lee is a foreign detective and a friend of the consul's.
it's your job to keep him out of sight and away from danger.
the word down in chinatown is there's this new dude in town.
bad- ass dude outta hong kong buying up every goddamn thing.
he was killed making a routine traffic stop in daylight... by some punk who didn't want no ticket... when his partner supposed to get out of the car... and back him up, he didn't.
my father was as devoted as you, and now he's dead.
consul han has been fighting flu for the past few days... so perhaps i should finish what he started.
the first thing we gotta do is clear out this riffraff.
consul han, six blocks of c- 4 are wired to your daughter... in a car outside.
before the changeover, most of this exhibition... was in the hands of a single private collector...
but i believe we can ill afford... to lose men of your high character.
and speaking as a friend... who's fought side by side with you for 15 years... i will sorely miss the unshakable support... you've given the royal hong kong police.
so, on behalf of all brits... who have ever carried the shield in hong kong... we shall miss you.
we wish you nothing but happiness... as you take up your new post in the united states.
commander griffin... i am pleased to be able to leave you and hong kong... with a special gift tonight.
earlier this evening, detective inspector lee... and his special task force have once and for all... crushed the juntao criminal organization... and reclaimed artifacts... from 5,000 years of china's heritage.
it's your job to keep him out of sight and away from danger.
yeah, you want me to baby-sit, but i don't do that.
detective inspector lee helped me raid... every known asset of juntao's operation.
we confiscated millions in weapons and cash... and a collection of chinese art unsurpassed in the world.
on behalf of the people's republic of china... thank you for coming.
i am pleased to present... 5,000 years of chinese history and heritage... a collection which, until recently... was thought to be lost forever.
i worked most of my life to acquire and catalog... these priceless pieces that you see before you.
and then, in one fell swoop... it was taken away from me.
and speaking as a friend... who's fought side by side with you for 15 years...
i will sorely miss the unshakable support... you've given the royal hong kong police.
so, on behalf of all brits... who have ever carried the shield in hong kong... we shall miss you.
we wish you nothing but happiness... as you take up your new post in the united states.
lee is a foreign detective and a friend of the consul's.
it's your job to keep him out of sight and away from danger.
i'm sure that you and mr. lee will have a nice time together.
you better call the fbi or i drop his ass at panda express.
give me one of them star maps... for $45, you understand what i'm saying?
don't know nothin' about no kidnapping... but this dude's buying firearms, explosives, and people...
we wanted detective lee to have one of our best men by his side.
agent russ, maybe this is a good time... to tell him the details of my assignment.
you may be very competent, but the mere fact... that you know this girl compromises your judgment.
sir, if you were asking for $50 million dollars... would you be in a place like that?
could be nitro cap, could be cross-delayed... definitely not homemade, definitely not american.
it could open up a garage door, or blow up some c-4.
he was killed making a routine traffic stop in daylight... by some punk who didn't want no ticket... when his partner supposed to get out of the car... and back him up, he didn't.
my father was as devoted as you, and now he's dead.
consul han has been fighting flu for the past few days... so perhaps i should finish what he started.
the first thing we gotta do is clear out this riffraff.
consul han, six blocks of c-4 are wired to your daughter... in a car outside.
before the changeover, most of this exhibition... was in the hands of a single private collector...
and speaking as a friend... who's fought side by side with you for 15 years...
i will sorely miss the unshakable support... you've given the royal hong kong police.
so, on behalf of all brits... who have ever carried the shield in hong kong... we shall miss you.
we wish you nothing but happiness... as you take up your new post in the united states.
lee is a foreign detective and a friend of the consul's.
it's your job to keep him out of sight and away from danger.
i'm sure that you and mr. lee will have a nice time together.
you better call the fbi or i drop his ass at panda express.
give me one of them star maps... for $45, you understand what i'm saying?
don't know nothin' about no kidnapping... but this dude's buying firearms, explosives, and people...
we wanted detective lee to have one of our best men by his side.
agent russ, maybe this is a good time... to tell him the details of my assignment.
you may be very competent, but the mere fact... that you know this girl compromises your judgment.
sir, if you were asking for $50 million dollars... would you be in a place like that?
could be nitro cap, could be cross-delayed... definitely not homemade, definitely not american.
it could open up a garage door, or blow up some c4.
he was killed making a routine traffic stop in daylight... by some punk who didn't want no ticket... when his partner supposed to get out of the car... and back him up, he didn't.
my father was as devoted as you, and now he's dead.
consul han has been fighting flu for the past few days... so perhaps i should finish what he started.
the first thing we gotta do is clear out this riffraff.
consul han, six blocks of c4 are wired to your daughter... in a car outside.
before the changeover, most of this exhibition... was in the hands of a single private collector...
forgive me, consul han... but i believe we can ill afford... to lose men of your high character.
and speaking as a friend... who's fought side by side with you for 15 years...
i will sorely miss the unshakable support... you've given the royal hong kong police.
so, on behalf of all brits... who have ever carried the shield in hong kong... we shall miss you.
i am pleased to be able to leave you and hong kong... with a special gift tonight.
earlier this evening, detective inspector lee... and his special task force have once and for all... crushed the juntao criminal organization... and reclaimed artifacts... from 5,000 years of china's heritage.
this is why nobody will work with you... why you're the only cop in the department without a partner.
johnson, look, first of all, if you want a date with me... you have to wait on the list like every other woman, ok?
well, as long as we're gonna humiliate someone... might as well be lapd.
even if i had an extra man... who would want such a bullshit assignment?
it's your job to keep him out of sight and away from danger.
yeah, you want me to baby-sit, but i don't do that.
detective inspector lee helped me raid... every known asset of juntao's operation.
we confiscated millions in weapons and cash... and a collection of chinese art unsurpassed in the world.
on behalf of the people's republic of china... thank you for coming.
i am pleased to present... 5,000 years of chinese history and heritage... a collection which, until recently... was thought to be lost forever.
i worked most of my life to acquire and catalog... these priceless pieces that you see before you.
and then, in one fell swoop... it was taken away from me.
we were just coming by... to tell you what a great job you did yesterday.
and when you come back... there's gonna be an fbi badge waiting for you.
and speaking as a friend... who's fought side by side with you for 15 years...
i will sorely miss the unshakable support... you've given the royal hong kong police.
so, on behalf of all brits... who have ever carried the shield in hong kong... we shall miss you.
we wish you nothing but happiness... as you take up your new post in the united states.
lee is a foreign detective and a friend of the consul's.
it's your job to keep him out of sight and away from danger.
i'm sure that you and mr. lee will have a nice time together.
you better call the fbi or i drop his ass at panda express.
give me one of them star maps... for $45, you understand what i'm saying?
don't know nothin' about no kidnapping... but this dude's buying firearms, explosives, and people...
we wanted detective lee to have one of our best men by his side.
agent russ, maybe this is a good time... to tell him the details of my assignment.
you may be very competent, but the mere fact... that you know this girl compromises your judgment.
sir, if you were asking for $50 million dollars... would you be in a place like that?
could be nitro cap, could be cross-delayed... definitely not homemade, definitely not american.
it could open up a garage door, or blow up some c-4.
he was killed making a routine traffic stop in daylight... by some punk who didn't want no ticket... when his partner supposed to get out of the car... and back him up, he didn't.
my father was as devoted as you, and now he's dead.
consul han has been fighting flu for the past few days... so perhaps i should finish what he started.
the first thing we gotta do is clear out this riffraff.
consul han, six blocks of c-4 are wired to your daughter... in a car outside.
before the changeover, most of this exhibition... was in the hands of a single private collector...
forgive me, consul han... but i believe we can ill afford... to lose men of your high character.
and speaking as a friend... who's fought side by side with you for 15 years...
i will sorely miss the unshakable support... you've given the royal hong kong police.
so, on behalf of all brits... who have ever carried the shield in hong kong... we shall miss you.
i am pleased to be able to leave you and hong kong... with a special gift tonight.
earlier this evening, detective inspector lee... and his special task force have once and for all... crushed the juntao criminal organization... and reclaimed artifacts... from 5,000 years of china's heritage.
this is why nobody will work with you... why you're the only cop in the department without a partner.
johnson, look, first of all, if you want a date with me... you have to wait on the list like every other woman, ok?
well, as long as we're gonna humiliate someone... might as well be lapd.
even if i had an extra man... who would want such a bullshit assignment?
it's your job to keep him out of sight and away from danger.
yeah, you want me to baby-sit, but i don't do that.
detective inspector lee helped me raid... every known asset of juntao's operation.
we confiscated millions in weapons and cash... and a collection of chinese art unsurpassed in the world.
on behalf of the people's republic of china... thank you for coming.
i am pleased to present... 5,000 years of chinese history and heritage... a collection which, until recently... was thought to be lost forever.
i worked most of my life to acquire and catalog... these priceless pieces that you see before you.
and then, in one fell swoop... it was taken away from me.
we were just coming by... to tell you what a great job you did yesterday.
and when you come back... there's gonna be an fbi badge waiting for you.
and speaking as a friend... who's fought side by side with you for 15 years...
i will sorely miss the unshakable support... you've given the royal hong kong police.
so, on behalf of all brits... who have ever carried the shield in hong kong... we shall miss you.
we wish you nothing but happiness... as you take up your new post in the united states.
lee is a foreign detective and a friend of the consul's.
it's your job to keep him out of sight and away from danger.
i'm sure that you and mr. lee will have a nice time together.
you better call the fbi or i drop his ass at panda express.
give me one of them star maps... for $45, you understand what i'm saying?
don't know nothin' about no kidnapping... but this dude's buying firearms, explosives, and people... like he's gonna start a war.
we wanted detective lee to have one of our best men by his side.
agent russ, maybe this is a good time... to tell him the details of my assignment.
you may be very competent, but the mere fact... that you know this girl compromises your judgment.
sir, if you were asking for $50 million dollars... would you be in a place like that?
could be nitro cap, could be cross-delayed... definitely not homemade, definitely not american.
it could open up a garage door, or blow up some c-4.
detective inspector lee helped me raid... every known asset of juntao's operation.
we confiscated millions in weapons and cash... and a collection of chinese art unsurpassed in the world.
on behalf of the people's republic of china... thank you for coming.
i am pleased to present... 5,000 years of chinese history and heritage... a collection which, until recently... was thought to be lost forever.
i worked most of my life to acquire and catalog... these priceless pieces that you see before you.
and then, in one fell swoop... it was taken away from me.
we were just coming by... to tell you what a great job you did yesterday.
and when you come back... there's gonna be an fbi badge waiting for you.
i believe we can ill afford to lose men of your high character.
and speaking as a friend who's fought side by side with you for 15 years...
i will miss the unshakable support you've given the royal hong kong police.
on behalf of all brits who have ever carried the shield in hong kong we shall miss you.
we'll have him escort this guy around town for a couple of days pretend to follow leads, show him some sights, keep him out of our way.
warren, you sure you want to do that to one of our own men?
we wanted detective lee to have one of our best men by his side.
agent russ, this is a good time to tell the consul the details of my assignment.
mr. lee, you may be very competent... but the fact that you know this girl compromises your judgement.
sir, if you were asking for $50 million, would you be in a place like that?
detective inspector lee helped me raid every known asset of juntao's operation.
we confiscated millions in weapons, cash and a collection of chinese art that was unsurpassed in the world.
i am pleased to present 5000 years of china's history and heritage.
a collection witch, until recently, was thought to be lost forever.
i worked most of my life to acquire and catalog these priceless pieces you see before you
and then in one fell swoop... it was taken from me.
and speaking as a friend... who's fought side by side with you for 15 years...
i will sorely miss the unshakable support... you've given the royal hong kong police.
so, on behalf of all brits... who have ever carried the shield in hong kong... we shall miss you.
we wish you nothing but happiness... as you take up your new post in the united states.
lee is a foreign detective and a friend of the consul's.
it's your job to keep him out of sight and away from danger.
i'm sure that you and mr. lee will have a nice time together.
you better call the fbi or i drop his ass at panda express.
give me one of them star maps... for $45, you understand what i'm saying?
don't know nothin' about no kidnapping... but this dude's buying firearms, explosives, and people... like he's gonna start a war.
we wanted detective lee to have one of our best men by his side.
agent russ, maybe this is a good time... to tell him the details of my assignment.
you may be very competent, but the mere fact... that you know this girl compromises your judgment.
sir, if you were asking for $50 million dollars... would you be in a place like that?
could be nitro cap, could be cross-delayed... definitely not homemade, definitely not american.
it could open up a garage door, or blow up some c-4.
detective inspector lee helped me raid... every known asset of juntao's operation.
we confiscated millions in weapons and cash... and a collection of chinese art unsurpassed in the world.
on behalf of the people's republic of china... thank you for coming.
i am pleased to present... 5,000 years of chinese history and heritage... a collection which, until recently... was thought to be lost forever.
i worked most of my life to acquire and catalog... these priceless pieces that you see before you.
and then, in one fell swoop... it was taken away from me.
we were just coming by... to tell you what a great job you did yesterday.
and when you come back... there's gonna be an fbi badge waiting for you.
and speaking as a friend... who's fought side by side with you for 15 years...
i will sorely miss the unshakable support... you've given the royal hong kong police.
so, on behalf of all brits... who have ever carried the shield in hong kong... we shall miss you.
we wish you nothing but happiness... as you take up your new post in the united states.
it's your job to keep him out of sight and away from danger.
yeah, you want me to baby- sit, but i don't do that.
i'm sure that you and mr. lee will have a nice time together.
you better call the fbi or i drop his ass at panda express.
give me one of them star maps... for $45, you understand what i'm saying?
don't know nothin' about no kidnapping... but this dude's buying firearms, explosives, and people... like he's gonna start a war.
we wanted detective lee to have one of our best men by his side.
agent russ, maybe this is a good time... to tell him the details of my assignment.
you may be very competent, but the mere fact... that you know this girl compromises your judgment.
sir, if you were asking for $50 million dollars... would you be in a place like that?
could be nitro cap, could be cross- delayed... definitely not homemade, definitely not american.
it could open up a garage door, or blow up some c- 4.
detective inspector lee helped me raid... every known asset of juntao's operation.
we confiscated millions in weapons and cash... and a collection of chinese art unsurpassed in the world.
on behalf of the people's republic of china... thank you for coming.
i am pleased to present... 5,000 years of chinese history and heritage... a collection which, until recently... was thought to be lost forever.
i worked most of my life to acquire and catalog... these priceless pieces that you see before you.
and then, in one fell swoop... it was taken away from me.
we were just coming by... to tell you what a great job you did yesterday.
and when you come back... there's gonna be an fbi badge waiting for you.
and speaking as a friend... who's fought side by side with you for 15 years...
i will sorely miss the unshakeable support... you've given the royal hong kong police.
so, on behalf of all brits... who have ever carried the shield in hong kong... we shall miss you.
we wish you nothing but happiness... as you take up your new post in the united states.
lee is a foreign detective and a friend of the consul's.
it's your job to keep him out of sight and away from danger.
i'm sure that you and mr. lee will have a nice time together.
you call the fbi or i'm gonna drop his ass at panda express.
give me one of them star maps... for $45, you understand what i'm saying?
don't know nothin' about no kidnapping... but this dude's buying fire arms, explosives, and people... like he's gonna start a war.
we wanted detective lee to have one of our best men by his side.
agent russ, maybe this is a good time... to tell him the details of my assignment.
you may be very competent, but the merefact that you know this girl... compromises your judgement.
sir, if you were asking for $50 million dollars... would you be in a place like that?
detective inspector lee helped me raid... every known asset of juntao's operation.
we confiscated millions in weapons and cash... and a collection of chinese art unsurpassed in the world.
consul han has been fighting flu for the past few days... so perhaps i should finish what he started.
the first thing we gotta do is clear out this riff-raff.
consul han, six blocks of c-4 are wired to your daughter... in a car outside.
before the changeover, most of this exhibition... was in the hands of a single private collector...
we were just coming by... to tell you what a great job you did yesterday.
and when you come back... there's gonna be an fbi badge waiting for you.
and speaking as a friend... who's fought side by side with you for 15 years...
i will sorely miss the unshakable support... you've given the royal hong kong police.
so, on behalf of all brits... who have ever carried the shield in hong kong we shall miss you.
we wish you nothing but happiness... as you take up your new post in the united states.
lee is a foreign detective and a friend of the consul's.
it's your job to keep him out of sight and away from danger.
i'm sure that you and mr. lee will have a nice time together.
you better call the fbi or i drop his ass at panda express.
give me one of them star maps... for $45, you understand what i'm saying?
don't know nothin' about no kidnapping... but this dude's buying firearms, explosives, and people...
could be nitro cap, could be cross-delayed... definitely not homemade, definitely not american.
i could open up a garage door, or blow up some c4.
he was killed making a routine traffic stop in daylight... by some punk who didn't want no ticket... when his partner was to get out of the car and back him up, he didn't.
my father was as devoted as you, and now he's dead.
detective inspector lee help me raid... every known asset of juntao's operation.
we confiscated millions in weapons and cash... and a collection of chinese art unsurpassed in the world.
on behalf of the people's republic of china, thank you for coming.
i am pleased to present 5.000 years of chinese history and heritage... a collection which, until recently, was thought to be lost forever.
consul han has been fighting flu for the past few days... so perhaps i should finish what he started.
the first thing we gotta do is clear out this riffraff.
i worked most of my life to acquire and catalog... these priceless pieces that you see before you.
and then, in one fell swoop, it was taken away from me.
and speaking as a friend... who's fought side by side with you for 15 years...
i will sorely miss the unshakable support... you've given the royal hong kong police.
so, on behalf of all brits... who have ever carried the shield in hong kong we shall miss you.
we wish you nothing but happiness... as you take up your new post in the united states.
i'm sure that you and mr. lee will have a nice time together.
you better call the fbi or i drop his ass at panda express.
give me one ofthem star maps... for $45, you understand what i'm saying?
don't know nothin' about no kidnapping... but this dude's buying firearms, explosives, and people...
could be nitro cap, could be cross-delayed... definitely not homemade, definitely not american.
i could open up a garage door, or blow up some c4.
he was killed making a routine traffic stop in daylight... by some punk who didn't want no ticket... when his partner was to get out of the car and back him up, he didn't.
my father was as devoted as you, and now he's dead.
detective inspector lee help me raid... every known asset of juntao's operation.
we confiscated millions in weapons and cash... and a collection of chinese art unsurpassed in the world.
on behalf ofthe people's republic of china, thank you for coming.
i am pleased to present 5.000 years of chinese history and heritage... a collection which, until recently, was thought to be lost forever.
consul han has been fighting flu for the past few days... so perhaps i should finish what he started.
the first thing we gotta do is clear out this riffraff.
i worked most of my life to acquire and catalog... these priceless pieces that you see before you.
and then, in one fell swoop, it was taken away from me.
and speaking as a friend... who's fought side by side with you for 15 years...
i will sorely miss the unshakable support... you've given the royal hong kong police.
so, on behalf of all brits... who have ever carried the shield in hong kong we shall miss you.
we wish you nothing but happiness... as you take up your new post in the united states.
i'm sure that you and mr. lee will have a nice time together.
you better call the fbi or i drop his ass at panda express.
give me one ofthem star maps... for $45, you understand what i'm saying?
don't know nothin' about no kidnapping... but this dude's buying firearms, explosives, and people...
could be nitro cap, could be cross-delayed... definitely not homemade, definitely not american.
i could open up a garage door, or blow up some c4.
he was killed making a routine traffic stop in daylight... by some punk who didn't want no ticket... when his partner was to get out of the car and back him up, he didn't.
my father was as devoted as you, and now he's dead.
detective inspector lee help me raid... every known asset of juntao's operation.
we confiscated millions in weapons and cash... and a collection of chinese art unsurpassed in the world.
on behalf ofthe people's republic of china, thank you for coming.
i am pleased to present 5.000 years of chinese history and heritage... a collection which, until recently, was thought to be lost forever.
consul han has been fighting flu for the past few days... so perhaps i should finish what he started.
the first thing we gotta do is clear out this riffraff.
i worked most of my life to acquire and catalog... these priceless pieces that you see before you.
and then, in one fell swoop, it was taken away from me.
and speaking as a friend who's fought side by side with you for 1 5 years i will sorely miss the unshakable support you've given the royal hong kong police.
and so on behalf of all brits who have ever carried the shield in hong kong, we shall miss you.
commander griffin i am pleased to be able to leave you and hong kong with a special gift tonight.
earlier this evening, detective inspector lee and his special task force have once and for all crushed the juntao criminal organization and reclaimed artifacts from 5000 years of china's heritage.
this is why nobody will work with you why you're the only cop in the department without a partner.
johnson, look, first of all, if you wanna go out on a date with me you have to wait like every other woman.
well, as long as we're gonna humiliate someone might as well be l.a.p.d.
even if i had an extra man, who would want such a bullshit assignment?
now, it's your job to keep him out of sight and away from danger, you understand?
i understand you want me to babysit, but i don't do that.
i'm warning you, you better call the fbi or i drop his ass at panda express.
you drop this case, you're suspended for two months without pay.
the word down in chinatown is there's this new dude in town.
bad-ass dude out of hong kong buying up every goddamn thing.
just let me go in here and get something to eat.
when i come back out, i'll take you wherever you want to go.
he was killed making a routine traffic stop in daylight by some punk who didn't want no ticket when his partner supposed to back him up but never did.
my father was just as much devoted as you, and now he's dead.
-detective inspector lee helped me raid every known asset of juntao's operation.
we confiscated millions in weapons and cash and a collection of chinese art that was unsurpassed in the world.
on behalf of the people's republic of china, thank you for coming.
i am pleased to present 5000 years of chinese history and heritage a collection which, until recently, was thought to be lost forever.
consul han, six blocks of c-4 are wired to your daughter in a car outside.
before the changeover, most of this exhibition was in the hands of a single private collector.
we were just coming by to tell you what a great job you did yesterday.
and when you come back, there's gonna be an fbi badge waiting for you.
forgive me, consul han but i believe we can ill afford to lose men of your high character.
and speaking as a friend who's fought side by side with you for 15 years i will sorely miss the unshakable support you've given the royal hong kong police.
and so on behalf of all brits who have ever carried the shield in hong kong, we shall miss you.
we wish you happiness as you take up your new post in the united states.
this is why nobody will work with you why you're the only cop in the department without a partner.
johnson, look, first of all, if you wanna go out on a date with me you have to wait like every other woman.
lee is a foreign detective and a friend of the consul's.
now, it's your job to keep him out of sight and away from danger, you understand?
i'm warning you, you better call the fbi or i drop his ass at panda express.
you drop this case, you're suspended for two months without pay.
- mr. lee you may be very competent, but the mere fact that you know this girl compromises your judgment.
sir, if you were asking for $50 million would you be in a place like that?
could be nitro cap, could be cross-delayed definitely not homemade, not american.
it could open up a garage door, or blow up some c-4.
he was killed making a routine traffic stop in daylight by some punk who didn't want no ticket when his partner supposed to back him up but never did.
my father was just as much devoted as you, and now he's dead.
- detective inspector lee helped me raid every known asset of juntao's operation.
we confiscated millions in weapons and cash and a collection of chinese art that was unsurpassed in the world.
i worked most of my life to acquire and catalog these priceless pieces that you see before you.
and then, in one fell swoop it was taken away from me.
we were just coming by to tell you what a great job you did yesterday.
and when you come back, there's gonna be an fbi badge waiting for you.
forgive me, consul han... but i believe we can ill afford... to lose men of your high character.
and speaking as a friend... who's fought side by side with you for 15 years...
i will sorely miss the unshakable support... you've given the royal hong kong police.
so, on behalf of all brits... who have ever carried the shield in hong kong... we shall miss you.
i am pleased to be able to leave you and hong kong... with a special gift tonight.
earlier this evening, detective inspector lee... and his special task force have once and for all... crushed the juntao criminal organization... and reclaimed artifacts... from 5,000 years of china's heritage.
this is why nobody will work with you... why you're the only cop in the department without a partner.
johnson, look, first of all, if you want a date with me... you have to wait on the list like every other woman, ok?
well, as long as we're gonna humiliate someone... might as well be lapd.
even if i had an extra man... who would want such a bullshit assignment?
it's your job to keep him out of sight and away from danger.
yeah, you want me to baby-sit, but i don't do that.
detective inspector lee helped me raid... every known asset of juntao's operation.
we confiscated millions in weapons and cash... and a collection of chinese art unsurpassed in the world.
on behalf of the people's republic of china... thank you for coming.
i am pleased to present... 5,000 years of chinese history and heritage... a collection which, until recently... was thought to be lost forever.
i worked most of my life to acquire and catalog... these priceless pieces that you see before you.
and then, in one fell swoop... it was taken away from me.
we were just coming by... to tell you what a great job you did yesterday.
and when you come back... there's gonna be an fbi badge waiting for you.
the most important thing to remember is the children will be safe as long as they stay on the bus.
so do not under any circumstances let any children off the bus.
the best way to achive this is to tell them something like
"a big scary monster will eat you if you step off the bus"
with the children properly subdued, you can leave the bus and go out looking for assistance.
and remember your bus driver's code: "sit down and shut up!"
oh man i don't think it's very safe to be on this bus.
well we can't go anywhere or else that big scary monster outside will get us.
sure remember that time that that kid in the red shirt decided to go off on his own?
well i'm not gonna sit here and wait to die with the rest of you.
and i hope that wherever you may be, you'll hear this message.
little lamb, lost in the great big world, runaway, finding streets, so cold...
the most important thing to remember is the children will be safe as long as they stay on the bus.
so do not under any circumstances let any children off the bus.
the best way to achive this is to tell them something like
"a big scary monster will eat you if you step off the bus"
with the children properly subdued, you can leave the bus and go out looking for assistance.
and remember your bus driver's code: "sit down and shut up!"
oh man i don't think it's very safe to be on this bus.
well we can't go anywhere or else that big scary monster outside will get us.
sure remember that time that that kid in the red shirt decided to go off on his own?
well i'm not gonna sit here and wait to die with the rest of you.
and i hope that wherever you may be, you'll hear this message.
little lamb, lost in the great big world, runaway, finding streets, so cold...
the most important thing to remember is the children will be safe as long as they stay on the bus.
so do not under any circumstances let any children off the bus.
the best way to achive this is to tell them something like
"a big scary monster will eat you if you step off the bus"
with the children properly subdued, you can leave the bus and go out looking for assistance.
and remember your bus driver's code: "sit down and shut up!"
oh man i don't think it's very safe to be on this bus.
well we can't go anywhere or else that big scary monster outside will get us.
and all over america, kids are turning to the streets, and running away.
tonight a very special message from the parents of some run away children, and hopes that their young will hear their cry.
then you won't have a problem telling me about your movements.
no, i don't have a problem telling you anything if only you'll actually ask me something.
now, we're not necessarily all that advanced from when we last spoke.
we need you to look at some items over here and see if you recognize any of them.
mr. fleming, we're concerned with the theft of a motor vehicle, as i've mentioned.
in particular a two-tone eh holden station wagon, registration number kcr-109.
owner reckons he's a top bloke, and he never misses a day unless he's crook.
always pays his bill, polite, friendly, blah-dee-fucking-blah, the sort of arsehole you really can't stand.
williams tried to make it look like beecroft had signed the car over to him.
now, forensic have had a look at that document, and we know that both those signatures were forged.
i did not write that letter, and that is not my paper.
and if you think you can intimidate me into saying whatever it is you want to hear, then you can think again.
that letter was sent to beecroft's wife about eight weeks ago.
it says that beecroft was supposedly doing a lot of driving around.
now, we've got a file here from the central bureau in sydney.
and it appears from the computer printout that you had some dealings with the police in goulburn.
yes, but there's only half a dozen ever used it as an alias.
and only one of them matches the handwriting on these documents.
wants to see a solicitor, so we have to wait for that.
but you can't shut him up, so he's tying himself to a story.
oh, he might tell me who he was rooting, but not who you got in the interview room.
no, i need to get a bit more on him before i can get him over that line yet.
you've been in the job for five fucking minutes, and you think you know everything.
you say another word about me or this investigation behind my back, and i'll have you transferred out of here for good.
don't you ever gamble my future 'cause you think you know more or you can get away with something.
i've seen more shit than you can possibly imagine, all right?
they either have to present all their evidence for you to refute or they charge you.
so long as you offer no comment, they're not necessarily going to get any more than they already have.
and she'll be going out to lunch soon, and you're still here.
interview between detective sergeant john steele and edward rodney fleming recommenced at 9:48 a.m.
we are giving you the opportunity to respond to the facts.
a fellow in a roadhouse, he'd probably forget his own name.
as i've told you, i haven't been out of town except for ballarat.
you show me where i've ever had enough money to get to horsham.
as far as i'm concerned, you're just helping us with our inquiries into a stolen car.
it would be logical to think that i knew something of his whereabouts.
now, you're fucked for the car, and we're gonna charge you for it.
so you may as well tell us about it, and we won't oppose bail.
you're so bloody desperate, you picked on me, some nobody who lives on his own.
i'm not stupid, sergeant, and you know it, so don't patronize me.
what i want to know is who the hell do you people think you are?
you either charge me or you let me out of here.
every time someone writes about a murder, right, they look for some apocalyptic reason for the killing.
people have to try to make some sort of sense of it, don't they?
i'm looking for a lift outside of the city on the western highway without a cent to my name.
i wanted to get up to stawell 'cause i thought i might get a job up there.
told him i wanted to relieve myself, seeing how we'd had a bit too much to drink.
by now it was beginning to rain, and there was this sort of lean-to next to these trees on the end, you know, middle of nowhere.
i'm not really sure 'cause of all the booze and everything.
and, uh, i started having these weird dreams, these nightmares, you know?
i picked up this bit of iron by the fire, and i started swinging.
it was quite strange, 'cause i knew every one of those faces.
i intend to interrupt this interview for the purpose of making further inquiries.
when we do recommence, it'll be in relation to the beecroft death in detail, which will be recorded on video.
now, you're fucked for the car, and we're gonna charge you for it.
so you may as well tell us about it, and we won't oppose bail.
well, you tell that to steele, because that's exactly what he's just done.
do you know how many times the ethics committee have had to look at him?
but yes, i did get a lift outside ballarat at that time.
and you further stated that you killed andrew beecroft with a blow to the head with a iron bar.
no one believed that i had nothing to do with the car.
that man threatened me, and that man did nothing to help me.
so you either charge me or you let me out of here right now.
sergeant steele, i want you to conclude this interview and see me in my office.
we've got enough to charge him with theft of the car.
we can put him in the vicinity where the person went missing.
if we had the body, we could charge him with murder now.
you heard him make an official complaint over threats in that interview room.
you can put together a brief of evidence relating to the theft of a motorcar.
if i think you've got enough evidence, he can be summoned for that offense at a later date.
either someone done it to you, you read about it, or you've seen it on some video.
now, this story on maria garabaldi was published on the 7th.
haven't you matched the dates people went missing with the actual paper?
yes, but i didn't know i was looking for country editions!
from my observations, you have a disregard of the law and a total disregard of the judge's rules.
i'm instructing you that i will be formally interviewing both of you in relation to these matters.
and with someone as plausible and as devious as this man, the interview is crucial.
as far as i'm concerned, we've conducted it within the specifications of the law.
it demonstrates a pattern to the way you operate, mr. steele.
you permitted prior to abuse, assault, intimidate, make false promises to, and threaten mr. fleming.
if it is, which part do you want me to answer first?
furthermore, it could be said that you conspired with prior to pervert the course of justice and set up an innocent man.
you don't seem to realize it's your own conduct that brings down this avalanche of complaints.
this is the fourth time you've interviewed me in the last three years, and you've never succeeded in even sticking a disciplinary charge on me.
then you won't have a problem telling me about your movements.
no, i don't have a problem telling you anything if only you'll actually ask me something.
mr. fleming, we're concerned with the theft of a motor vehicle, as i've mentioned.
in particular a two-tone eh holden station wagon, registration number kcr-109.
owner reckons he's a top bloke, and he never misses a day unless he's crook.
always pays his bill, polite, friendly, blah-dee-fucking-blah, the sort of arsehole you really can't stand.
look, i think you'd better tell me exactly what this is about.
would you care to have a look at the handwriting on the transfer document again?
but i must advise you that our forensic people are checking this writing paper against writing pads from your apartment to see if they're from the same source.
i did not write that letter, and that is not my paper.
it says that beecroft was supposedly doing a lot of driving around.
and he was so busy that he got williams to write the letter.
wants to see a solicitor, so we have to wait for that.
but you can't shut him up, so he's tying himself to a story.
they either have to present all their evidence for you to refute or they charge you.
so long as you offer no comment, they're not necessarily going to get any more than they already have.
as far as i'm concerned, you're just helping us with our inquiries into a stolen car.
it would be logical to think that i knew something of his whereabouts.
i'm not stupid, sergeant, and you know it, so don't patronize me.
what i want to know is who the hell do you people think you are?
every time someone writes about a murder, right, they look for some apocalyptic reason for the killing.
people have to try to make some sort of sense of it, don't they?
um, told him i wanted to relieve myself, seeing how we'd had a bit too much to drink.
by now it was beginning to rain, and there was this sort of lean-to next to these trees on the end, you know, middle of nowhere.
i intend to interrupt this interview for the purpose of making further inquiries.
when we do recommence, it'll be in relation to the beecroft death in detail, which will be recorded on video.
mr. fleming, i intend to ask you further questions in relation to the disappearance of mr. andrew beecroft on or about the 21st of january this year.
i must warn you that you are not obliged to say or do anything, but anything you say or do may be given in evidence.
but yes, i did get a lift outside ballarat at that time.
and you further stated that you killed andrew beecroft with a blow to the head with a iron bar.
no one believed that i had nothing to do with the car.
that man threatened me, and that man did nothing to help me.
so you either charge me or you let me out of here right now.
sergeant steele, i want you to conclude this interview and see me in my office.
we've got enough to charge him with theft of the car.
we can put him in the vicinity where the person went missing.
if we had the body, we could charge him with murder now.
you heard him make an official complaint over threats in that interview room.
i am going to get a statement of formal complaint from mr. fleming.
you can put together a brief of evidence relating to the theft of a motorcar.
there are only three ways to learn to do the kind of shit that we have to clean up.
either someone done it to you, you read about it, or you've seen it on some video.
now, this story on maria garabaldi was published on the 7th.
we fed it to the media on the 6th, and she was reported missing on the 3rd.
from my observations, you have a disregard of the law and a total disregard of the judge's rules.
i'm instructing you that i will be formally interviewing both of you in relation to these matters.
and with someone as plausible and as devious as this man, the interview is crucial.
as far as i'm concerned, we've conducted it within the specifications of the law.
if you refuse or decline to answer our questions, you will be charged with disobeying a lawful instruction.
apart from mr. fleming's, we have signed complaints from other people as well.
you don't seem to realize it's your own conduct that brings down this avalanche of complaints.
this is the fourth time you've interviewed me in the last three years, and you've never succeeded in even sticking a disciplinary charge on me.
see, with braindeads like that, you gotta hit 'em with a little street-corner psychology.
you see, with maurice, i actually had to hit him with some geology.
if it is a murder, put it down and get on rotation.
if it isn't a murder, don't waste time playing with it.
came from backhand sandy's mother lode, so he's got some good blood.
find out soon enough if this young pup had any game in him.
be damned if he didn't take hold of the road-worthy dog by the short legs and never did let go.
i traded harry three dogs i didn't have no room for.
the other guy, he says he was there with the 1 st air cavalry, and they was the top unit over there.
it goes back and forth, and soon enough they got their knives out, and they're cutting on each other.
well, me telling you this, that's news to you for the first time?
i heard that my grandpops fell out, and that they took my dogs, but i didn't know that...
he never really had to be around them, so what's your problem?
so you're saying leonard didn't have to be around the dogs?
these two twinks, they take $20 and the toy fire truck.
we catch them because they ditch the fireman's wallet and buy a couple of rocks, but they keep the toy pumper.
it might get tricky when you gotta tell a woman you're lookin' to make.
you got no money or a job, you gotta take her back to grandpa's guest room.
do you know what he said when we told him that your grandfather who lived to be 82, a man who lived a full life, lived longer than most...
but when we told him what happened, you know what came out of your father's mouth?
about one third of the federation forces have been compromised as a result.
the non-principal countries in the alliance have unofficially given their support.
not really...she's not even at one sixth of her previous skill level...
she'll have to be able to fight on even ground with those monsters.
her dreams become a type of noise and cause malfunctions in the system.
listen up ! we've mixed in some romantic images as well.
- by convincing her that she's on a date with her boyfriend.
i think it safe to say that our technology has won the day !
just give me something' to wear, 'cause i can't walk another block in this klingon suit.
you want us to not make fun of you looking like that.
i guess in a lot of ways i'm kind of like a younger, much more beautiful version of leona helmsley.
first, you marry for money, and then you find yourself lovin' the old coot.
- then i was in the bookstore and i was absentmindedly thumbing through
"marilu henner's guide to life." it was in the bargain bin.
just give me something' to wear, 'cause i can't walk another block in this klingon suit.
you want us to not make fun of you looking like that.
i guess in a lot of ways i'm kind of like a younger, much more beautiful version of leona helmsley.
first, you marry for money, and then you find yourself lovin' the old coot.
- then i was in the bookstore and i was absentmindedly thumbing through
"marilu henner's guide to life." it was in the bargain bin.
" give us love, give us love, give us wine "
" give us love, give us love, give us wine for our cares "
" give us love, give us love, give us wine "
" give us love, give us love, give us wine for our cares "
i don't deny that sedley gave me my start in business.
and i've shown my gratitude, and he's tried it of late, as my checkbook can testify.
my dear becky, please to come back as quick as may be, because all goes wrong without you here.
lady c. has gone into a decline, and has not spoke for a week.
he's the worst of all my creditors and pressing hardest for a settlement.
he hates me for the favors he once had from me, mary.
he's shamed all his acquaintance... and anyone who stands by him will be damned by association.
you'll see no more of that young girl, george, do you hear?
the second girl's father- shot him through the hat only, you know.
he has an eye for the ladies, too, you see, miss sharp.
" give us love, give us love and wine for our cares "
" give us love, give us love, give us wine "
" give us love, give us love and wine for our cares "
" give us love, give us love, give us wine "
first off, she has to go and recover, when we were reliably assured she was a goner.
and now she says she's taking my lovely becky sharp away with her to london.
now, george, i want to speak to you on a matter of importance.
i want to know how you and that little thing through there are carrying on.
i mean pretty, lively young people, like yourself and that young rascal, rawdon.
that pretty, little friend you told me of, and her fiancé, the vain, young officer.
we're not so wealthy in hampshire as you city people, but then, i am in a gentleman's family now.
i seem to remember you liked the city families rather well a little while ago.
who'd go to marry you without a shilling to your name?
sir, please don't think me ungrateful for all your goodness to me.
he's the worst of all my creditors and pressing hardest for a settlement.
he hates me for the favors he once had from me, mary.
he's shamed all his acquaintance... and anyone who stands by him will be damned by association.
you'll see no more of that young girl, george, do you hear?
don't tell me you don't want to take care of our own son now.
you don't have to stay all day long with this demon!
the woman said the clothes were wrinkled... so that she didn't need to pay my mom.
once, my dad's razor was gone and they said i took it!
you know it's not easy to get a call through from são paulo.
maybe they tried at night and you were asleep or around with your friends.
our lord, in his infinite mercy... as it is his this valley of tears... so that the good would die for eternal life.
and satan would take the evil... and make them burn in sin and in hell.
from dust we came... and by the infinite grace and mercy of our lord... to dust we shall return.
we should not be sad for those who leave... for they will see the generous face of the creator.
you know, um, your senior prom can be a night to remember without it being a big night.
cory, i want you to remember that things can happen in a minute that could change your life forever.
room 702 for the former senor quixote and currently eric matthews.
but i suppose a man of your ilk has many names.
we haven't spent the night at a hotel since our prom night.
well, we may not get a chance to do something like this again for a long time.
listen, do you think it's rushing it if i take off my jacket?
because i won't take off my jacket if you think it's rushing.
since the beginning of time, its teachings of peaceful co-existence have shone as a beacon of truth and enlightenment in a universe otherwise darkened by chaos and strife.
when the unassailable being known as galactus sought to nourishhimself on zenn-la's planetary energies...
even the mighty warriors of the kree and the skrull fell before galactus' power.
then norrin radd, a brave believer in justice and truth, confronted the dreaded foe...
and proposed a bargain so momentous that it would affect the entire universe!
in return for galactus' vow to spare zenn-la, norrin radd made the supreme sacrifice, giving up all he knew and loved to become galactus' herald and scout.
this is the day we have dreaded since galactus first arrived in this sector...
only by evacuating do our people have a chance to survive!
time after time have i borne witness to wanderers forced from their homes.
yet never does the sight cease to be a bitter one...
i will guide him only to planets whose cores burst with energy, yet which have no intelligent life.
i shall give you the means to travel faster than the fastest starship.
if i had not aided in your entrapment, i would have perished like that star.
are you not afraid you will still perish, when i summon galactus?
but lately it seemed as if the city had been magically reduced to only two people... us.
four-hour conversations flew by, and a few days apart felt like weeks.
- it's not my favourite thing on the menu, but i'll order it from time to time, and with the right guy, it can be nice.
oral sex is god's gift to women - you needn't worry about getting pregnant.
plus the sense of power is such a turn-on, you've got him by the balls.
that is the reason that i don't want to go down this road.
sweetheart, if you're gonna get all choked up about it... just don't do it.
if you don't go down on him, you can't expect him to go down on you.
while for me, seeing another man would be like trying to fit another outfit into an over-stuffed suitcase,
big was dating another woman like it was the most natural thing in the world.
samantha could combine her two greatest loves - sex and real estate.
that afternoon i dragged my poor tortured soul out to lunch with stanford blatch, and attempted to stun it senseless with cosmopolitans.
so everything that he ever said that i thought was sincere is subjective.
so what i perceive as his feelings for me may only be projections of my feelings for him.
2:00am and i already had a new man in my life.
the greatest thing about writing, besides the validation and acclaim, is knowing that i'm pumping my ideas into the world.
the island of manhattan is a cosy village populated by seven million individuals, who all behave like they own the sidewalk.
but lately it seemed as if the city had been magically reduced to only two people... us.
four-hour conversations flew by, and a few days apart felt like weeks.
i realised that einstein's law of relativity would have to be amended to explain the peculiar effects of infatuation.
i don't think that i have been hit this hard since...
no, i won't compare it to anything, because everything else has always ended.
they met the day after i dropped off the edge of the earth.
he was michael conway, from a good family, and he absolutely adored charlotte.
oral sex is god's gift to women - you needn't worry about getting pregnant.
plus the sense of power is such a turn-on, you've got him by the balls.
that is the reason that i don't want to go down this road.
sweetheart, if you're gonna get all choked up about it... just don't do it.
big was dating another woman like it was the most natural thing in the world.
is it that men have an innate aversion to monogamy, or is it more than that?
the woman who i think i love just called and asked me back.
you're breaking up with me while you're still inside of me?
i had gone so far out on a limb with my feelings that i didn't realise i was standing out there alone.
when life gets this confusing, sometimes there's only one thing to do, attend a fabulous party.
the greatest thing about writing, besides the validation and acclaim, is knowing that i'm pumping my ideas into the world.
i thought it was that you could behave like an asshole and people would find you amusing.
but lately it seemed as if the entire city... had been magically reduced to only two people... us.
four-hour conversations flew by in a space of 15 minutes... and a few days apart felt like weeks.
i don't think that i have been hit this hard since...
i won't compare it to anything, because everything else has always ended.
i pretended it was a popsicle, but i just don't like it.
personally, i'm loving it up to the point where the guy wants me to swallow.
now, you see, that is the reason that i don't wanna go down this road.
sweetheart, if you're gonna get all choked up about it... just don't do it.
big was happily dating another woman... like it was the most natural thing in the world.
is it that men have an innate aversion to monogamy... or is it more than that?
he gave samantha the opportunity to combine her two greatest loves... sex and real estate.
that afternoon i dragged my poor tortured soul... out to lunch with stanford blatch... and attempted to stun it senseless with cosmopolitans.
no, 'cause that would mean everything he ever said... that i interpreted as sincere is subject to interpretation.
in that case, what i perceive as his feelings for me may only be... reflected projections of my feelings for him.
the woman who i think i love just called and asked me back.
you're breaking up with me while you're still inside of me?
you drag me out here at 3:00 a.m. to ask me if i wanna stand still with you?
in a city of infinite options... sometimes there's no better feeling than knowing you only have one.
the island of manhattan is a cozy village... populated by more than seven million fascinating individuals... who all behave like they own the sidewalk.
but lately it seemed as if the entire city... had been magically reduced to only two people-- us.
four-hour conversations flew by in a space of 15 minutes... and a few days apart felt like weeks.
i realize that einstein's law of relativity... would have to be amended to include a special set of rules-- those to explain the peculiar effects of infatuation.
maybe you're on your knees, but you got 'em by the balls.
now, you see, that is the reason that i don't wanna go down this road.
sweetheart, if you're gonna get all choked up about it... just don't do it.
but if you don't go down on him, how do you expect him to go down on you?
he gave samantha the opportunity to combine her two greatest loves-- sex and real estate.
that afternoon i dragged my poor tortured soul... out to lunch with stanford blatch... and attempted to stun it senseless with cosmopolitans.
no, 'cause that would mean everything he ever said... that i interpreted as sincere is subject to interpretation.
in that case, what i perceive as his feelings for me may only be... reflected projections of my feelings for him.
the woman who i think i love just called and asked me back.
you're breaking up with me while you're still inside of me?
in a city of infinite options... sometimes there's no better feeling than knowing you only have one.
the island of manhattan is a cozy village... populated by more than seven million fascinating individuals... who all behave like they own the sidewalk.
but lately it seemed as if the entire city... had been magically reduced to only two people-- us.
four-hour conversations flew by in a space of 15 minutes... and a few days apart felt like weeks.
i don't think that i have been hit this hard since--
i won't compare it to anything, because everything else has always ended.
i pretended it was a popsicle, but i just don't like it.
personally, i'm loving it up to the point where the guy wants me to swallow.
now, you see, that is the reason that i don't wanna go down this road.
sweetheart, if you're gonna get all choked up about it... just don't do it.
in a city like new york with its infinite possibilities... has monogamy become too much to expect?
i've been involved in a monogamous relationship for over a year now.
do you think that was meant to be some kind of coded mea culpa?
you mean like what he really meant was, "i've been a complete idiot.
allison, i think you're great... but i've gotta be totally honest with you.
the woman who i think i love just called and asked me back.
i had gone so far out on a limb with my feelings... that i didn't realize i was standing out there alone.
when life gets this confusing, sometimes there's only one thing to do-- attend a fabulous party.
you drag me out here at 3:00 a.m. to ask me if i wanna stand still with you?
in a city of infinite options... sometimes there's no better feeling than knowing you only have one.
was it wrong of me to use that partiality to help advance my husband and my dear brother-in-law?
to get rawdon an appointment of state and for you, dear pitt, we talked of a peerage.
but i assure you, it was only one of mrs. wenham's headaches that prevented us.
i don't believe one word of your whole damned story, sir.
you put this affair into my hands therefore you will act as i think fit and not as you do.
now, as for this, uh... this affair with mrs. crawley... my belief is there's nothing proved at all.
we all hope you are well and bearing the frightful heat of india.
i write to tell you that we expect very soon to hear of the engagement of your old acquaintance amelia osborne to one of the curates at brompton, the reverend mr. binney.
i remember major dobbin because ma spoke of him hundreds and hundreds of times.
he was a hero at waterloo, you know, like my papa.
i think i loved you from the moment i saw you when george brought me to your house to show me the girl he was engaged to.
since then... there's not an hour of any day for ten years that i haven't thought about you.
you're hurt in your heart that the piano came from me and not george.
i beg your pardon for being a fool for a moment and thinking that years of constancy and devotion might have pleaded my cause with you.
i know what you're thinking- what a strange place this is for a woman who has lived in a very different world.
i think... if you had known what was to come you wouldn't have been so cruel as to desert me all those years ago.
i was scarcely more than a child when you broke my heart, but i forgive you.
you, of all others, never meant me any harm and perhaps...
we know things about major loder that would send him to the gallows.
we have friends everywhere, mrs. crawley and we know everything- where you have been and who with where you have debts and who you owe them to.
if i had forgiven it, was it for you to speak?
and it's from his own lips that i know how wicked and groundless my jealousy was.
is not a fit companion for mrs. osborne and her son.
and there are people here who know you and have mentioned conduct
amelia, stay one moment and let me speak to you in private.
you wish to speak ill of me when i'm not here.
but i do have claims to be heard- the claims left to me by georgy's father.
whose memory you insulted this very morning and i will never forgive you for it- never.
but i know why you cannot hear me... why you will not hear me.
i have loved and watched you for years, in vain because you would rather cling to a memory than feel an attachment such as mine for you deserves.
and which i would have won from a woman more generous than you.
i think i knew all along that the prize i'd set my life on wasn't worth the winning.
one of the best men i've ever known has offered you a hundred times.
that man has a noble heart and you've played with it shamefully.
captain macmurdo of the heavy dragoons who acts for me in this matter.
i'll leave you two together to discuss the time and place.
i understand, colonel you come home from a journey and find my lord steyne in your house...
but he has been in your house a hundred times before.
i don't believe one word of your whole damned story, sir.
and if the challenge doesn't come from steyne by god, it'll come from me.
you put this affair into my hands therefore you will act as i think fit and not as you do.
now, as for this, uh... this affair with mrs. crawley... my belief is there's nothing proved at all.
we all hope you are well and bearing the frightful heat of india.
i write to tell you that we expect very soon to hear of the engagement of your old acquaintance amelia osborne to one of the curates at brompton, the reverend mr. binney.
i remember major dobbin because ma spoke of him hundreds and hundreds of times.
he was a hero at waterloo, you know, like my papa.
i think i loved you from the moment i saw you when george brought me to your house to show me the girl he was engaged to.
since then... there's not an hour of any day for ten years that i haven't thought about you.
you're hurt in your heart that the piano came from me and not george.
i beg your pardon for being a fool for a moment and thinking that years of constancy and devotion might have pleaded my cause with you.
i know what you're thinking- what a strange place this is for a woman who has lived in a very different world.
i think... if you had known what was to come you wouldn't have been so cruel as to desert me all those years ago.
i was scarcely more than a child when you broke my heart, but i forgive you.
you, of all others, never meant me any harm and perhaps...
we know things about major loder that would send him to the gallows.
we have friends everywhere, mrs. crawley and we know everything- where you have been and who with where you have debts and who you owe them to.
it'd be a different tune if you'd snared him, i fancy.
well, that's one gone and just two weeks left to nab the other.
if i had forgiven it, was it for you to speak?
and it's from his own lips that i know how wicked and groundless my jealousy was.
is not a fit companion for mrs. osborne and her son.
and there are people here who know you and have mentioned conduct
you wish to speak ill of me when i'm not here.
on my honor, ma'am, this is not to do with you.
i have loved and watched you for years, in vain because you would rather cling to a memory than feel an attachment such as mine for you deserves.
and which i would have won from a woman more generous than you.
one of the best men i've ever known has offered you a hundred times.
that man has a noble heart and you've played with it shamefully.
everybody will have run out of cigarettes... by the end of the week.
there's no difference between the beginning and the end of the week.
i'm the middle man and this is the new owner of the ship.
if this is a joke, you came to the wrong place.
he took two candle ends... melted them and made ear plugs of them.
then he went to the captain's bridge, to the ship's wheel.
when i saw you, it was as if he had sent you.
of course i know i can't talk to the minister, but i can try can't i?
you may not believe me now, but i'll prove it to you.
and then boris grabbed the dagger and stuck it right into his eye.
they wanted to look back but boris told them not to... because there was no way back anymore.
they went on board, started the engine and sailed... to the east, because they didn't know which way to go.
you can write it off as a gift to a charity.
i'm only asking for a few boxes of food items for a charity event.
when i made it into university moriyama, my home-room teacher... congratulated me, saying "it was a miracle."
but if it was a miracle i want to call it a miracle of love.
in the world of professional killers, this vigilante is considered to be the king of killers.
others who live in fear know him as the "angel of death"
she needed my help - besides she reminded me of my mom.
what about that knife i gave you you used to cut your target's steak?
this is chris crado, 42 years old, runs a liquor business, no criminal record, sir.
aside from selling vodka, he acts as an agent for russian gangs operating all over asia.
please enter your four-digit private code - your id for your account.
whoever completes the mission will automatically receive the reward into his or her account.
the killer and the mastermind are worth 50 million dollars each.
if they are the same person, then he is worth 100 million dollars.
regarding our professional details, all information can be accessed on your computer.
lastly, i want to make this clear - we do not encourage lawbreakers.
what we found in your grandfather's body was a military banknote, dating from the second world war.
we still haven't decoded it, but our computers will fix that in no time.
on that night, most of the security cameras were destroyed by tsukomoto's murderer.
but we do have some videos, recorded days before the murder occurred.
they also gave us a video recorded the night of the murder.
but although the killer is visible, he can't be identified as his back is to the camera.
he knew his way around and where all the cameras were located.
so there's no doubt he'd given the place a thorough going over.
well, we could run his image through the computer, together with anyone who has been there.
all right, get video tapes dating back a month and start with that.
his file's about an inch thick - theft, selling of porno tapes, swindling and illegal gambling.
i'm sure he's up to another scam, acting as an agent.
if my fingerprints are on this desk, does that mean this desk is mine?
about the deceased, he's from your home town, so you know him, right?
my mom lives there and i told her that when i've made it,
i'll come back and build a lovely big house for her.
i had the serial numbers on the note regenerated by the computer.
in hong kong, all banknotes were registered even during the war.
i decided there could be money in it, so i accepted.
but i never expected that aside from being old and senile, all he had was a box of old japanese banknotes from the war.
he finally ended up selling his banknotes for $2,000, then he called me up again.
by then i felt so guilty taking money from that old man, that i just gave him my bank account number and i said:
"deposit the money when you read of tsukamoto's death in the papers."
but then tsukamoto did get killed, so the old man deposited the money.
if you hadn't been in charge of this hunt, i'd have killed you long ago.
if you get the cash, give half of it to my daughter.
in the world of professional killers, this vigilante is considered to be the king of killers.
others who live in fear know him as the "angel of death"
she needed my help - besides she reminded me of my mom.
what about that knife i gave you you used to cut your target's steak?
each of you has an account at a swiss bank with a balance of $5m.
please enter your four-digit private code - your id for your account.
whoever completes the mission will automatically receive the reward into his or her account.
and for everyone's convenience, i've filed all the details regarding the death in your computers.
the killer and the mastermind are worth 50 million dollars each.
if they are the same person, then he is worth 100 million dollars.
regarding our professional details, all information can be accessed on your computer.
lastly, i want to make this clear - we do not encourage lawbreakers.
what we found in your grandfather's body was a military banknote, dating from the second world war.
we still haven't decoded it, but our computers will fix that in no time.
on that night, most of the security cameras were destroyed by tsukomoto's murderer.
but we do have some videos, recorded days before the murder occurred.
they also gave us a video recorded the night of the murder.
but although the killer is visible, he can't be identified as his back is to the camera.
he knew his way around and where all the cameras were located.
so there's no doubt he'd given the place a thorough going over.
well, we could run his image through the computer, together with anyone who has been there.
all right, get video tapes dating back a month and start with that.
his file's about an inch thick - theft, selling of porno tapes, swindling and illegal gambling.
i'm sure he's up to another scam, acting as an agent.
if my fingerprints are on this desk, does that mean this desk is mine?
about the deceased, he's from your home town, so you know him, right?
i decided to study law just so i could bail you out.
one time our teacher asked us to write about our fathers.
ok, although this is unconfirmed, i think i know who the killer is.
for the past four years, there's been an assassin in southeast asia, called the angel of death.
i decided there could be money in it, so i accepted.
but i never expected that aside from being old and senile, all he had was a box of old japanese banknotes from the war.
he finally ended up selling his banknotes for $2,000, then he called me up again.
by then i felt so guilty taking money from that old man, that i just gave him my bank account number and i said:
"deposit the money when you read of tsukamoto's death in the papers."
but then tsukamoto did get killed, so the old man deposited the money.
a fire broke out at a five storey building in wanchai, this afternoon.
the fire started at unit 504 on the 5th floor of the chiu chow building.
everyone's after me. i'll wind up dead anyway, so we may as well go.
if you hadn't been in charge of this hunt, i'd have killed you long ago.
i told you to collect money but you ended up repairing the lady's pipes
she is a widow and she really needed someone to repair her pipe
but, according to the interpols she is involved in some of the biggest crimes in europe
she recruits top killers from europe... to conduct assassinations of top political figures
those russian killers operating in hong kong... are all handled by him
sir, these agents usually lie very low but how come they are all here today?
if any of you finish the mission the reward will be automatically deposited into your account
in order not to waste your time i've downloaded the information of mr. tsukamoto's death... into the record
i repeat once again the murderer and the man orchestrating the murder are worth us$50 million each
if the murderer and the schemer is the same person the one who accomplishes the mission will get us$100 million
i want to know what happens if one of them disappears or dies?
if there is official proof that the guy doesn't exist or has died naturally the full amount will be rewarded to the man who gets the remaining culprit
the target will be identified by three of us we formed a committee as assigned by mr. tsukamoto
our professional qualification can be found in the information pack provided
and he is very sure about the locations of the cameras
maybe he's got a floor plan or maybe, he surveyed the site before
how about he visited the site after the new cameras were set up?
the boss said, we'd use computer body matching to mop out the guy
even you wouldn't give others a precious watch for no reason
i know it's a fake, but it costs at least $800 in tsim sha tsui
the soft cortex mixed with polyester it so soft and light
the knitting is tight, it's not easy to leave fibres on the scene
nowthat you knowthe kid, it's a lot easier to get close to the father
if you worry that the kid recognises you kill him too
exactly, this is what you do if you want people to recognize you as a killer
a real killer never carries his gun... unless he is on a killing mission
and i'll go back to build a big house for her
but now, i can't even earn enough money to build a toilet
in the past four years there is a killer in se asia
his nick-name is killing angel he works alone works for free 17 people were suspected to be killed by him
cause i want to know whether they are looking for me
and i want to know how much they know about me
at 2:15 this afternoon a fire broke out on a building in wanchai
as to the cause of fire... it's said that the fire started in a unit on the fifth floor
i only have to press 2 buttons and i'll be connected to the band of switzerland
input the amount and your bank account number then input your secret code the money will be yours
don't worry, i've got insurance for you i'll get more if you die
the 100 million is still available do you want the money?
brother kau, find us some jobs so i can go home to build a new house and get married
don"t worry you can do as many jobs as you wish
she recruits top killers from europe... to conduct assassinations of top political figures
do you think she can really earn such big money from the fashion business?
rather than selling volka he is the agent for top russian gangs in asia
those russian killers operating in hong kong... are all handled by him
my name is martin, the fund manager of mr. tsukamoto"s revenge fund
if you need translation use the headset in front of you
in order not to waste your time i"ve downloaded the information of mr. tsukamoto"s death... into the record
and i make sure each agents will get the same information
we do everything lawfully we don"t encourage people to violate the law
if anyone does anything unlawful he will be totally responsible for that
although we can"t see his face you can tell that, from the basement to the penthouse turning left and right he didn"t make a wrong step
and he is very sure about the locations of the cameras
and he can"t be that familiar with the place just by reading the floor plan
how about he visited the site after the new cameras were set up?
the knitting is tight, it"s not easy to leave fibres on the scene
the long coat is easy for you to carry weapons and the black color won"t get dirty easily
our target is the daddy of the kid whom you played with
nowthat you knowthe kid, it"s a lot easier to get close to the father
i would have lost you i"ve deliberately used this conversation to tempt you to show your face
i am highly sensitive of course i know you are here
after you finished eating read these two books before you sleep
howto be a first grade killer book one and book two
ok, i"ll throw in a bonus this is not confirmed yet
in the past four years there is a killer in se asia
and the team i transferred... successfully captured all the gang members
we are law enforcers it doesn"t matter what law we enforce
i didn"t want to take money from such an old pitiful man
so i gave him my bank account number and told him to deposit money into my account the japanese is killed
in the world of professional killers, this vigilante is considered to be the king of killers.
others who live in fear know him as the "angel of death"
she needed my help - besides she reminded me of my mom.
what about that knife i gave you you used to cut your target's steak?
each of you has an account at a swiss bank with a balance of $5m.
please enter your four-digit private code - your id for your account.
whoever completes the mission will automatically receive the reward into his or her account.
and for everyone's convenience, i've filed all the details regarding the death in your computers.
the killer and the mastermind are worth 50 million dollars each.
if they are the same person, then he is worth 100 million dollars.
regarding our professional details, all information can be accessed on your computer.
lastly, i want to make this clear - we do not encourage lawbreakers.
what we found in your grandfather's body was a military banknote, dating from the second world war.
we still haven't decoded it, but our computers will fix that in no time.
on that night, most of the security cameras were destroyed by tsukomoto's murderer.
but we do have some videos, recorded days before the murder occurred.
they also gave us a video recorded the night of the murder.
but although the killer is visible, he can't be identified as his back is to the camera.
he knew his way around and where all the cameras were located.
so there's no doubt he'd given the place a thorough going over.
well, we could run his image through the computer, together with anyone who has been there.
all right, get video tapes dating back a month and start with that.
his file's about an inch thick - theft, selling of porno tapes, swindling and illegal gambling.
i'm sure he's up to another scam, acting as an agent.
if my fingerprints are on this desk, does that mean this desk is mine?
about the deceased, he's from your home town, so you know him, right?
i decided to study law just so i could bail you out.
one time our teacher asked us to write about our fathers.
ok, although this is unconfirmed, i think i know who the killer is.
for the past four years, there's been an assassin in southeast asia, called the angel of death.
i decided there could be money in it, so i accepted.
but i never expected that aside from being old and senile, all he had was a box of old japanese banknotes from the war.
he finally ended up selling his banknotes for $2,000, then he called me up again.
by then i felt so guilty taking money from that old man, that i just gave him my bank account number and i said:
"deposit the money when you read of tsukamoto's death in the papers."
but then tsukamoto did get killed, so the old man deposited the money.
a fire broke out at a five storey building in wanchai, this afternoon.
the fire started at unit 504 on the 5th floor of the chiu chow building.
everyone's after me. i'll wind up dead anyway, so we may as well go.
if you hadn't been in charge of this hunt, i'd have killed you long ago.
brother kau, find us some jobs, so i can go home to build a new house and get married.
don't worry, you can do as many jobs as you wish.
rather than selling volka, he is the agent for top russian gangs in asia.
those russian killers operating in hong kong... are all handled by him.
i repeat once again, the murderer and the man orchestrating the murder are worth us$50 million each.
if the murderer and the schemer is the same person, the one who accomplishes the mission will get us$1 00 million.
i want to know what happens if one of them disappears or dies?
if there is official proof that the guy doesn't exist or has died naturally, the full amount will be rewarded to the man who gets the remaining culprit.
the target will be identified by three of us, we formed a committee as assigned by mr. tsukamoto.
our professional qualification can be found in the information pack provided.
and he can't be that familiar with the place just by reading the floor plan.
how about he visited the site after the new cameras were set up?
even you wouldn't give others a precious watch for no reason.
i know it's a fake but it costs at least $800 in tsim sha tsui.
the soft cortex mixed with polyester, it so soft and light.
the knitting is tight, it's not easy to leave fibres on the scene.
our target is the daddy of the kid whom you played with.
now that you know the kid, it's a lot easier to get close to the father.
i've deliberately use this conversation to tempt you to show your face.
i am highly sensitive, of course i know you are here.
after you finished eating, read these two books before you sleep.
how to be a first grade killer, book one and book two.
cause i want to know whether they are looking for me or not.
and i want to know how much they know about me.
i only have to press two buttons and i'll be connected to the band of switzerland.
imput the amount and your bank account number, then imput your secret code, the money will be yours.
he eliminates his targets - all evil men - because they deserve to die.
in the world of professional killers, this vigilante is considered to be the king of killers.
i gave you that assignment to kill mrs chu... and you repair her drainpipes!
she needed my help - besides she reminded me of my mom.
each of you has an account at a swiss bank with a balance of $5m.
please enter your four-digit private code - your id for your account.
i've filed all the details regarding the death in your computers.
you've all received the same information to ensure a fair deal.
if they are the same person, then he is worth 100 million dollars.
if there's official evidence that either one doesn't exist or is already dead, the full reward is for the remaining target.
lastly, i want to make this clear - we do not encourage lawbreakers.
we won't be held responsible should you become involved in any illegal activities - you'll also be disqualified.
but we do have some videos, recorded days before the murder occurred.
they also gave us a video recorded the night of the murder.
he wanted to spend some time in south east asia, so he came to hong kong to see his old friend. 50 thousand's fine.
of course not, he comes out in a rash if he doesn't kill regularly.
i decided to study law just so i could bail you out.
one time our teacher asked us to write about our fathers.
i'll come back and build a lovely big house for her.
but i don't even have enough money to build a toilet.
ok, although this is unconfirmed, i think i know who the killer is.
for the past four years, there's been an assassin in southeast asia, called the angel of death.
then later on, he told the story to someone at the antique shop.
he finally ended up selling his banknotes for $2,000, then he called me up again.
by then i felt so guilty taking money from that old man, that i just gave him my bank account number and i said:
"deposit the money when you read of tsukamoto's death in the papers."
but then tsukamoto did get killed, so the old man deposited the money.
what makes it worse is that i wasn't the one who killed him.
a fire broke out at a five storey building in wanchai, this afternoon.
the fire started at unit 504 on the 5th floor of the chiu chow building.
i can be like a father to you from now on.
thanks a lot, sir, but i've decided to break up with david, anyway.
i'll wind up dead anyway, so we may as well go.
if you hadn't been in charge of this hunt, i'd have killed you long ago.
# the flame impulse to aim and aim a blow #
#any job you name i'm capable but make sure you got my paper though #
our international visitors have been provided with translation devices, conveniently located at your tables.
as you are all aware, mr. tsukamoto was murdered three days ago.
the reward is $50 million for finding mr. tsukamoto's assassin, and another 50 for finding those responsible for hiring that assassin.
if they are one and the same, the total reward is $100 million.
well, what we found inside his mouth... was part of a note issued to thejapanese... during world war ii!
uh, when we trace the serial number, that's a clue to the killer.
however, we managed to salvage one brief segment, showing the killer entering the lobby...
as you can see, it's a short clip, and he's only viewed from the rear.
should earn you a lot of money over the next few years.
as long as i have enough to buy my mom a giant mansion.
# yo, it ain't a joke we came to smoke #
# the flame impulse to aim and aim a blow #
- # 'cause my life is takin'your life # - # contract killers #
- #i'm a hit man # - #it pays to let the hollow tips blaze #
brother kau, find us some jobs so i can go home to build a new house and get married
don't worry you can do as many jobs as you wish
she recruits top killers from europe... to conduct assassinations of top political figures
do you think she can really earn such big money from the fashion business?
rather than selling volka he is the agent for top russian gangs in asia
those russian killers operating in hong kong... are all handled by him
my name is martin, the fund manager of mr. tsukamoto's revenge fund
if you need translation use the headset in front of you
in order not to waste your time i've downloaded the information of mr. tsukamoto's death... into the record
and i make sure each agents will get the same information
we do everything lawfully we don't encourage people to violate the law
if anyone does anything unlawful he will be totally responsible for that
although we can't see his face you can tell that, from the basement to the penthouse turning left and right he didn't make a wrong step
and he is very sure about the locations of the cameras
and he can't be that familiar with the place just by reading the floor plan
how about he visited the site after the new cameras were set up?
the knitting is tight, it's not easy to leave fibres on the scene
the long coat is easy for you to carry weapons and the black color won't get dirty easily
our target is the daddy of the kid whom you played with
nowthat you knowthe kid, it's a lot easier to get close to the father
i would have lost you i've deliberately used this conversation to tempt you to show your face
i am highly sensitive of course i know you are here
after you finished eating read these two books before you sleep
howto be a first grade killer book one and book two
ok, i'll throw in a bonus this is not confirmed yet
in the past four years there is a killer in se asia
and the team i transferred... successfully captured all the gang members
we are law enforcers it doesn't matter what law we enforce
i didn't want to take money from such an old pitiful man
so i gave him my bank account number and told him to deposit money into my account the japanese is killed
in the world of professional killers, this vigilante is considered to be the king of killers.
others who live in fear know him as the "angel of death"
she needed my help - besides she reminded me of my mom.
what about that knife i gave you you used to cut your target's steak?
this is chris crado, 42 years old, runs a liquor business, no criminal record, sir.
aside from selling vodka, he acts as an agent for russian gangs operating all over asia.
please enter your four-digit private code - your id for your account.
whoever completes the mission will automatically receive the reward into his or her account.
the killer and the mastermind are worth 50 million dollars each.
if they are the same person, then he is worth 100 million dollars.
regarding our professional details, all information can be accessed on your computer.
lastly, i want to make this clear - we do not encourage lawbreakers.
what we found in your grandfather's body was a military banknote, dating from the second world war.
we still haven't decoded it, but our computers will fix that in no time.
on that night, most of the security cameras were destroyed by tsukomoto's murderer.
but we do have some videos, recorded days before the murder occurred.
they also gave us a video recorded the night of the murder.
but although the killer is visible, he can't be identified as his back is to the camera.
he knew his way around and where all the cameras were located.
so there's no doubt he'd given the place a thorough going over.
well, we could run his image through the computer, together with anyone who has been there.
all right, get video tapes dating back a month and start with that.
his file's about an inch thick - theft, selling of porno tapes, swindling and illegal gambling.
i'm sure he's up to another scam, acting as an agent.
if my fingerprints are on this desk, does that mean this desk is mine?
about the deceased, he's from your home town, so you know him, right?
my mom lives there and i told her that when i've made it,
i'll come back and build a lovely big house for her.
i had the serial numbers on the note regenerated by the computer.
in hong kong, all banknotes were registered even during the war.
i decided there could be money in it, so i accepted.
but i never expected that aside from being old and senile, all he had was a box of old japanese banknotes from the war.
he finally ended up selling his banknotes for $2,000, then he called me up again.
by then i felt so guilty taking money from that old man, that i just gave him my bank account number and i said:
"deposit the money when you read of tsukamoto's death in the papers."
but then tsukamoto did get killed, so the old man deposited the money.
if you hadn't been in charge of this hunt, i'd have killed you long ago.
if you get the cash, give half of it to my daughter.
they helpfully sent one set of these, so you'll have to pass them round.
this character might be used on a major hit, known as the invisible man, which i don't take to mean he'll have bandages round his face.
- well, if they heard it at six o'clock, any earlier, you wouldn't have seen this carpet for blood.
barred windows, solid walls, nothing that comes close to a murder weapon.
it's actually the most macabre mystery that goes back almost 50 years.
and for my money, you're the one person who can do it justice.
i don't know where you place it - unsolved murders or weird ghost stories.
amazingly, no one's written a book about it, which i rather hope we could put to rights.
between 1947 and '51, there were five other cases, deaths which have never been explained from that day to this - all in the same room, all after they'd looked out of the window in the night.
not a mark or scratch on any of the bodies, no evidence they'd been poisoned or suffocated.
four of them were found on the floor the next morning.
three were actually seen at the moment of death, collapsing in what appeared to be a fit of mortal terror.
why am i getting this image of george formby on a ladder?
er, is there any chance you could tell me what this is all about?
be worth keeping tabs on, in case it has a place in our story.
listen, i feel, all of a sudden... er, there's something about me you ought to know.
sorry, just to fix it, he'd half-fallen out of bed about here... with a load of stuff from his table on the floor.
if i remember from the photo, his clock, a glass of water, some papers and a table lamp.
i must have woken up later, and this time - you'll think i'm mad - it said 4.06.
at the time, i'd swear it was real, but how could it have been?
we believe he was stabbed at six o'clock because it's when they heard the scuffle, and because he'd barely started bleeding despite a wound through his heart.
even if he was killed earlier, the question remains, how did the assassin get in and out again?
that everything that happens in the world is somehow connected to everything else?
i read an article once, that if a man breaks wind in hounslow it can affect a hurricane in java.
if she was murdered, why does it say she died of emphysema?
and how could she have killed sweetland when she'd been dead for a week.
a single, clean puncture, unaccompanied by any peripheral tearing or damage... which suggests there was no resistance.
yet he brushed all that stuff off his table onto the floor.
i was just saying to gareth and pauline, when we first spoke - i don't know if you sensed it, and it may be too strong a word - but a certain simpatica.
most people can be terribly judgemental about a lifestyle they simply don't understand.
right out it came each time, in this revolting scooping action, like a giant iguana.
listen, you're lucky you only had a tongue to look at.
let's put it down as nil-nil, shall we, and move on?
i have got everything you ever wanted to know about the mother redcap, plus, the power should be on.
something like the time on the clock that appears the wrong way around with a glass of water in front of it.
it's safe to assume that the first time you opened your eyes and looked across, the time was actually twenty past one.
only, because you were seeing it through the water, the display was reversed, and it read ten past five.
next time you look, your husband has taken a sip and put the glass back, only this time not in front of the clock, so you see the correct time - 4.06.
but how do we explain the apparent struggle and the way he'd knocked all that stuff off his table?
so let's run, for a minute, with a different hypothesis - that he was stabbed through the heart after he'd been murdered.
now we're looking for a different cause of death, something less obvious, that would be totally overlooked next to a knife wound in the chest.
enter mr william ambergast, a thoroughly unpleasant character in the 1940s, who electrocuted his victims at a london pub called the mother redcap.
if not for that thing about time going backwards, i'd never have got it - the frightening simplicity of a clock that had been carefully sabotaged so the alarm button actually becomes live.
so that when he goes to hit it... at 6am precisely...
i'm afraid everything that follows, follows directly from that basic premise.
if mr sweetland was killed by an electrified clock at 6am, and less than 15 seconds later was found with a stab wound through his heart, there was only one possible explanation... and only possible killer.
a quick trawl through the news services filled in the gaps.
the man who slaughtered both your brothers, decapitating one with an axe,
and then himself being killed in a police shoot-out, had previously been released on bail, pending another charge for assault.
their deaths would never have happened if that man had still been in custody.
that's how much i wanted to blow his trendy, progressive brains away.
then something happened... about a week beforehand... that showed me i could be more...
discreet service with professional gentlemen of the day... with the additional grisly sideline you know about.
seems these blokes' wives coughed up a lot of money to have their husbands conveniently disposed of.
chief constable peter grisham paid tribute to mr speed's incomparable intellect and powers of deductive analysis.
his window marjorie could cherish with pride the memory of a husband whose lasting memorial, he said, was the resolution of one of the most complex and baffling murders in police history.
'cause it wouldn't have mattered a toss to him who got credit, but you, mr self-effacing softie, knew what it would mean to her.
it almost makes up for you being a smart-arse who never gets anything wrong, not matter what he does.
you want your son to take care of you then stay here
let me know when he dies i'll burn incense for him
you can take over when i receive what we agreed to
then you can change it to a pinball parlor or a motel
- imagine what you could learn... .. about your own fate.
when a goa'uld's world is taken by another,... .. he may leave behind the means to destroy the conqueror.
a primordial world with no civilisation, so no need for an archaeologist.
i'm willing to delay that mission for 24 hours in order to confirm your theory.
worse than that, it's got a taste for the base wiring.
which means it'll affect or rather infect our computers and communications.
sir, simmons's infection is even more far gone than colonel o'neill's.
but he's allergic to tetracycline, and the alternatives i have on base...
what if it can only express that intelligence once it reaches critical mass?
but even then it'll be communicating in a language that i can't translate without a point of reference.
a primordial world with no civilisation, so no need for an archaeologist.
i'm willing to delay that mission for 24 hours... ..in order to confirm your theory.
what if it can only express that intelligence once it reaches critical mass?
but even then it'll be communicating in a language that i can't translate... ..without a point of reference.
i have the same em frequencies we picked up from the probe.
sir, this artefact, or whatever it is, is definitely the source.
imagine your civilisation is facing a great cataclysm and you know it.
wouldn't you leave something behind that told whoever came after who you were?
what we thought was gibberish may be the aliens' attempt to communicate.
the symbols could also be from the random files from our earlier research.
- imagine what you could learn... . . about your own fate.
when a goa'uld's world is taken by another, ... . . he may leave behind the means to destroy the conqueror.
a primordial world with no civilisation, so no need for an archaeologist.
i'm willing to delay that mission for 24 hours... . . in order to confirm your theory.
worse than that, it's got a taste for the base wiring.
which means it'll affect or rather infect our computers and communications.
sir, simmons's infection is even more far gone than colonel o'neill's.
but he's allergic to tetracycline, and the alternatives i have on base...
what if it can only express that intelligence once it reaches critical mass?
but even then it'll be communicating in a language that i can't translate... . . without a point of reference.
we will multiply... . . and consume... . . your world.
if you would allow us to restore our communications, ... . . we could stop that from happening.
a primordial world with no civilisation, so no need for an archaeologist.
i'm willing to delay that mission for 24 hours... ..in order to confirm your theory.
worse than that, it's got a taste for the base wiring.
which means it'll affect or rather infect our computers and communications.
sir, simmons's infection is even more far gone than colonel o'neill's.
but he's allergic to tetracycline, and the alternatives i have on base...
(daniel) jack, it may as well be the moon out here.
if there ever was anybody home, they've been gone 100,000 years or more.
(carter) i have the same em frequencies we picked up from the probe.
sir, this artefact, or whatever it is, is definitely the source.
imagine your civilisation is facing a great cataclysm and you know it.
wouldn't you leave something behind that told whoever came after who you were?
what we thought was gibberish may be the aliens' attempt to communicate.
the symbols could also be from the random files from our earlier research.
what if it can only express that intelligence once it reaches critical mass?
but even then it'll be communicating in a language that i can't translate... ..without a point of reference.
(daniel) jack, it may as well be the moon out here.
if there ever was anybody home, they've been gone 100,000 years or more.
(carter) i have the same em frequencies we picked up from the probe.
sir, this artefact, or whatever it is, is definitely the source.
imagine your civilisation is facing a great cataclysm and you know it.
wouldn't you leave something behind that told whoever came after who you were?
what we thought was gibberish may be the aliens' attempt to communicate.
the symbols could also be from the random files from our earlier research.
what if it can only express that intelligence once it reaches critical mass?
but even then it'll be communicating in a language that i can't translate... ..without a point of reference.
if i see another crepe paper stork, i'm gonna rip its cardboard beak off.
can i ask you, would any baby shower bother you... or is this one worse because it's laney's?
laney did ar for a record label... or, as she used to call it, sex with an expense account.
every time she went on a scouting trip, she came back with some hot new group... and a gynecological condition no one had ever heard of.
when i was senior vice president, 212 people reported to me daily.
now i just yell at the gardener... who doesn't understand a single word.
sometimes i climb up into the kids' tree house... with my walkman, light up a joint... and listen to peter frampton.
there's a woman in there breast-feeding a child who can chew steak.
beers and bar nuts at flanagan's off route five... were the perfect antidote to laney's house of humiliation.
if i hadn't waited this long to have a baby, that name would be mine.
i am not going to tell him until i know what l-- till i know how l-- what--
no, i am not going to tell him... until i know how to finish this sentence.
that night, charlotte got out her wish box... where she kept reminders of all the things she hoped for in life--
a gift for shayla... a town house in the city... a beach house in east hampton... her dream man... her backup dream man.
i just wanted to tell you it was so great seeing you guys.
i know i was a big bitch, but you gotta know my hormones are going wild.
the truth is, laney's hormones have been going wild since she was ten.
seeing you made me remember how much fun we used to have.
the pathetic, live-for-the-moment single girls... who think that life is a jacqueline susann novel?
i'm sure you get asked this all the time, but what is your problem?
if i see another paper stork, i'm gonna rip its beak off.
would any baby shower bother you or is this one worse because it's laney's?
every time she went on a scouting trip, she came back with some hot new group and a rare gynaecological condition.
those things make so many public appearances, they need a booking agent.
i've already had two of these, so we're gonna be stopping a lot.
hey, nice outfit. is there gonna be belly dancing at the shower?
he is a god and i tell him so every day.
30 years from now, what do you think the chances are that a woman's gonna be able to make andy happy?
now i just yell at the gardener who doesn't understand a single word.
i'm exactly the same. i love my life, but every now and then i can't help but think about lisa.
sometimes i climb into the kids' tree house, with my walkman, light up a joint and listen to peter frampton.
there's a woman in there breast feeding a child who can chew steak.
but at some point you have to get serious and settle down.
life is not a jacqueline suzanne novel - four friends looking for love in the city.
i know i was a big bitch but you gotta know my hormones are going wild.
truth is laney's hormones have been going wild since she was ten.
seeing you made me remember how much fun we used to have.
yeah, we did. lt's amazing how much time has gone by.
faced with her own inadequacy, samantha did something only she could do.
she threw an "l don't have a baby" shower to let everyone know she was fabulous.
if i see another crepe paper stork, i'm gonna rip its cardboard beak off.
can i ask you, would any baby shower bother you... or is this one worse because it's laney's?
laney did ar for a record label... or, as she used to call it, sex with an expense account.
every time she went on a scouting trip, she came back with some hot new group... and a gynecological condition no one had ever heard of.
when i was senior vice president, 212 people reported to me daily.
now i just yell at the gardener... who doesn't understand a single word.
sometimes i climb up into the kids' tree house... with my walkman, light up a joint... and listen to peter frampton.
there's a woman in there breast-feeding a child who can chew steak.
beers and bar nuts at flanagan's off route five... were the perfect antidote to laney's house of humiliation.
if i hadn't waited this long to have a baby, that name would be mine.
i am not going to tell him until i know what l-- till i know how l-- what--
no, i am not going to tell him... until i know how to finish this sentence.
that night, charlotte got out her wish box... where she kept reminders of all the things she hoped for in life--
a gift for shayla... a town house in the city... a beach house in east hampton... her dream man... her backup dream man.
i just wanted to tell you it was so great seeing you guys.
i know i was a big bitch, but you gotta know my hormones are going wild.
the truth is, laney's hormones have been going wild since she was ten.
seeing you made me remember how much fun we used to have.
the pathetic, live-for-the-moment single girls... who think that life is a jacqueline susann novel?
i'm sure you get asked this all the time, but what is your problem?
if i see another paper stork, i'm gonna rip its beak off.
would any baby shower bother you or is this one worse because it's laney's?
every time she went on a scouting trip, she came back with some hot new group and a rare gynaecological condition.
those things make so many public appearances, they need a booking agent.
in between the versace show and dinner at moomba, there it wasn't - my period - four days late!
that saturday, also known as seven days late, four city girls set off to visit the country mice.
i love my life, but every now and then i can't help but think about lisa.
sometimes i climb into the kids' tree house, with my walkman, light up a joint and listen to peter frampton.
i just realised, maybe it's maturity or the wisdom that comes with age but the witch in hansel and gretel, she's very misunderstood.
i mean the woman builds her dream house and these brats come along and start eating it.
beers and bar nuts at flanagan's off route five were the perfect antidote to laney's house of humiliation.
if i hadn't waited this long to have a baby, that name would be mine.
truth is laney's hormones have been going wild since she was ten.
seeing you made me remember how much fun we used to have.
the pathetic single girls who think life is a jacqueline suzanne novel ?
i'm sure you get asked this all the time, but what is your problem ?
you could not drag me to that thing if you put a grappling hook in my mouth.
i think it's sad the way she's using a child to validate her existence.
every time she went on a scouting trip, she came back with some hot new group... and a gynecological condition no one had ever heard of.
those things make so many public appearances, they need a booking agent.
two years ago, laney did the most shocking thing of all.
she met a wall street investment banker, married him... and moved to connecticut.
in between the versace show and dinner at moomba... there it wasn't-- my period, four days late.
that saturday, also known as "seven days late"... four city girls set off to visit the country mice.
he is a god, and i tell him so every day.
thirty years from now, what do you think the chances are... that some woman's gonna be able to make andy happy?
i just realized... maybe it's maturity or the wisdom that comes with age... but the witch in hansel and gretel, she's very misunderstood.
i mean, the woman builds her dream house... and these brats come along and start eating it.
you are not going to clean up at your own shower.
relax, 'cause once todd or shayla comes around, you'll never stop cleaning up.
a gift for shayla... a town house in the city... a beach house in east hampton... her dream man... her backup dream man.
it's very strange when the life you never had flashes before your eyes.
i know i was a big bitch, but you gotta know my hormones are going wild.
the truth is, laney's hormones have been going wild since she was ten.
here i am, fresh out of prison, and already my parole officer... he's supplied me with enough smack to kill a horse... and a female who may or may not be underage.
now, if the intention is to ease the inmate back into society... this seems a little bit rushed.
i just like my people to be relaxed when they work.
and by "work," you don't mean the metal shop, i assume.
if you dogs are through sniffing'each other, i'd like to get down to business.
my source informs me that there is a very accessible situation out in meadowhills.
i used to send bobby a single red rose every friday.
he used to put them in the window of his cell.
the doctors say he'll never be any better than he is now.
it was raining, and michael had invited me to dinner and the movies.
i had nothing to do with what happened to bobby, i swear.
after bobby was killed, i got scared, and i was gonna go to the police, but...
here i am, fresh out of prison, and already my parole officer... he's supplied me with enough smack to kill a horse... and a female who may or may not be underage.
now, if the intention is to ease the inmate back into society... this seems a little bit rushed.
i just like my people to be relaxed when they work.
and by "work," you don't mean the metal shop, i assume.
if you dogs are through sniffing'each other, i'd like to get down to business.
my source informs me that there is a very accessible situation out in meadowhills.
i used to send bobby a single red rose every friday.
he used to put them in the window of his cell.
the doctors say he'll never be any better than he is now.
it was raining, and michael had invited me to dinner and the movies.
i had nothing to do with what happened to bobby, i swear.
after bobby was killed, i got scared, and i was gonna go to the police, but...
don't put that shit on me, 'cause you were there, too!
i'm sure deacon will appreciate stabbed in the balls for it!
by the time you watch this... yourfriend whistler should be dead.
if it makes any difference to you... he put up quite afight.
he can withstand garlic, silver, even sunlight, and he's got their strength.
this time tomorrow, all those wounds of his will be healed.
by the time you watch this, your friend whistler should be dead.
if it makes any difference to you, he put up quite a fight.
he can withstand garlic, sliver, even sunlight, and he's got their strength.
this time tomorrow, all those wounds of his will be healed.
share the moment... which means a lot to me by the way, really.
i mean that. 'cause actually, when you get to know me...
we should be ruling the humans not running around making back-alley treaties with them.
for fuck's sake, these people are our food not our allies.
i have spent my whole life looking for that thing that killed my mother and made me what i am.
and every time i take one of those monsters out i get a little piece of that life back.
if you wanna take the hard road, be my guest, pal.
but i promise you, by the time this is over you're gonna wish they never cut you from your mother's womb.
by the time you watch this, your friend whistler should be dead.
if it makes any difference to you, he put up quite a fight.
he can withstand garlic, silver, even sunlight, and he's got their strength.
this time tomorrow, all those wounds of his will be healed.
we should be ruling the humans, not running around making back-alley treaties with them.
for fuck's sake, these people are our food, not our allies.
he can with stand garlic, sliver, even sunlight, and he's got their strength.
this time tomorrow, all those wounds of his will be healed.
he toyed with 'em first, tried to make me decide which order they'd die in.
we kill as many of 'em as we can find, but it's gettin' worse.
don't put that shit on me, ok, 'cause you were there, too!
i'm sure deacon will appreciate-- ...stabbed in the balls for it, all right?
we should be ruling the humans... not running around making back-alley treaties with them.
for fuck's sake, these people are our food not our allies.
when was the last time you stopped to appreciate a good sunrise?
that's right, you were born a vampire, so you never had the pleasure, have you?
if you wanna take the hard road, be my guest, pal.
but i promise you, by the time this is over... you're gonna wish they never cut you from your mother's womb.
by the time you watch this, your friend whistler should be dead.
if it makes any difference to you, he put up quite a fight.
we should be ruling the humans, not running around making back-alley treaties with them.
for fuck's sake, these people are our food, not our allies.
he can withstand garlic, silver, even sunlight, and he's got their strength.
this time tomorrow, all those wounds of his will be healed.
he toyed with 'em first, tried to make me decide which order they'd die in.
we kill as many of 'em as we can find, but it's gettin' worse.
by the time you watch this, your friend whistler should be dead.
if it makes any difference to you, he put up quite a fight.
we should be ruling the humans... not running around making back-alley treaties with them.
for fuck's sake, these people are our food... not our allies.
don't put that shit on me, 'cause you were there, too!
i'm sure deacon will appreciate stabbed in the balls for it, all right?
we should be ruling the humans, not running around making back-alley treaties with them.
for fuck's sake, these people are our food, not our allies.
he toyed with 'em first, tried to make me decide which order they'd die in.
we kill as many of 'em as we can find, but it's gettin' worse.
don't put that shit on me, ok, 'cause you were there, too!
i'm sure deacon will appreciate-- ...stabbed in the balls for it, all right?
by the time you watch this, your friend whistler should be dead.
if it makes any difference to you, he put up quite a fight.
we should be ruling the humans, not running around making back-alley treaties with them.
for fuck's sake, these people are our food, not our allies.
we should be ruling the humans, not running around making back-alley treaties with them.
for fuck's sake, these people are our food, not our allies.
he can withstand garlic, silver, even sunlight, and he's got their strength.
this time tomorrow, all those wounds of his will be healed.
he toyed with 'em first, tried to make me decide which order they'd die in.
we kill as many of 'em as we can find, but it's gettin' worse.
we should be ruling the humans, not running around making back-alley treaties with them.
for fuck's sake, these people are our food, not our allies.
he toyed with 'em first, tried to make me decide which order they'd die in.
we kill as many of 'em as we can find, but it's gettin' worse.
by the time you watch this, your friend whistler should be dead.
if it makes any difference to you, he put up quite a fight.
we should be ruling the humans, not running around making back-alley treaties with them.
for fuck's sake, these people are our food, not our allies.
he can with stand garlic, sliver, even sunlight, and he's got their strength.
this time tomorrow, all those wounds of his will be healed.
he toyed with 'em first, tried to make me decide which order they'd die in.
we kill as many of 'em as we can find, but it's gettin' worse.
don't put that shit on me, ok, 'cause you were there, too!
i'm sure deacon will appreciate-- ...stabbed in the balls for it, all right?
we should be ruling the humans, not running around making back-alley treaties with them.
for fuck's sake, these people are our food, not our allies.
he toyed with 'em first, tried to make me decide which order they'd die in.
we kill as many of 'em as we can find, but it's gettin' worse.
don't put that shit on me, ok, 'cause you were there, too!
i'm sure deacon will appreciate-- ...stabbed in the balls for it, all right?
by the time you watch this, your friend whistler should be dead.
if it makes any difference to you, he put up quite a fight.
he toyed with them first, tried to make me decide which order they'd die in.
we kill as many of them as we can find, but it's getting worse.
don't put that shit on me, okay, because you were there, too!
i'm sure deacon will appreciate-- ...stabbed in the balls for it, all right?
by the time you watch this, your friend whistler should be dead.
if it makes any difference to you, he put up quite a fight.
he can withstand garlic, silver, even sunlight, and he's got their strength.
this time tomorrow, all those wounds of his will be healed.
we should be ruling the humans... not running around making back-alley treaties with them.
for fuck's sake, these people are our food not our allies.
he toyed with 'em first... tried to make me decide which order they'd die in.
we kill as many of 'em as we can find, but it's gettin' worse.
don't put that shit on me, 'cause you were there, too!
i'm sure deacon will appreciate-- ...stabbed in the balls for it, all right?
share the moment... which means a lot to me by the way, really.
i mean that. 'cause actually, when you get to know me...
we should be ruling the humans... not running around making back-alley treaties with them.
for fuck`s sake, these people are our food... not our allies.
he toyed with `em first... tried to make me decide... which order they`d die in.
we kill as many of `em as we can find... but it`s gettin` worse.
by the time you watch this... your friend whistler should be dead.
if it makes any difference to you... he put up quite a fight.
he can withstand garlic, silver, even sunlight, and he's got their strength.
this time tomorrow, all those wounds of his will be healed.
by the time you watch this, your friend whistler should be dead.
if it makes any difference to you, he put up quite a fight.
we should be ruling the humans, not running around making back-alley treaties with them.
for fuck's sake, these people are our food, not our allies.
he toyed with 'em first, tried to make me decide which order they'd die in.
we kill as many of 'em as we can find, but it's getting worse.
don't put that shit on me, ok, 'cause you were there, too!
i'm sure deacon will appreciate-- ...stabbed in the balls for it, all right?
he toyedwith 'emfirst, triedto make me decide which order they'd die in.
we kill as many of 'em as we canfind, butit's gettin' worse.
we should be ruling the humans... not running around making back-alley treaties with them.
for fuck's sake, these people are our food not our allies.
he toyed with 'em first... tried to make me decide which order they'd die in.
we kill as many of 'em as we can find, but it's gettin' worse.
don't put that shit on me, 'cause you were there, too!
i'm sure deacon will appreciate-- ...stabbed in the balls for it, all right?
share the moment... which means a lot to me by the way, really.
i mean that. 'cause actually, when you get to know me...
by the time you watch this, your friend whistlershould be dead.
ifit makes anydifference to you, he put up quite a fight.
we should be ruling the humans... not running around making back-alley treaties with them.
for fuck's sake, these people are our food not our allies.
he toyed with 'em first... tried to make me decide which order they'd die in.
we kill as many of 'em as we can find, but it's gettin' worse.
don't put that shit on me, 'cause you were there, too!
i'm sure deacon will appreciate-- ...stabbed in the balls for it, all right?
share the moment... which means a lot to me by the way, really.
i mean that. 'cause actually, when you get to know me...
he can withstand garlic, silver, even sunlight, and he's got their strength.
this time tomorrow, all those wounds of his will be healed.
he toyed with 'em first, tried to make me decide which order they'd die in.
we kill as many of 'em as we can find, but it's gettin' worse.
don't put that shit on me, ok, 'cause you were there, too!
i'm sure deacon will appreciate stabbed in the balls for it, all right?
we should be ruling the humans, not running around making back-alley treaties with them.
for fuck's sake, these people are our food, not our allies.
he toyed with 'em first, tried to make me decide which order they'd die in.
we kill as many of 'em as we can find, but it's gettin' worse.
don't put that shit on me, ok, 'cause you were there, too!
i'm sure deacon will appreciate-- ...stabbed in the balls for it, all right?
by the time you watch this, your friend whistler should be dead.
if it makes any difference to you, he put up quite a fight.
we should be ruling the humans... not running around making back-alley treaties with them.
for fuck's sake, these people are our food... not our allies.
by the time you watch this... your friend whistler should be dead.
if it makes any difference to you... he put up quite a fight.
chief, you're looking at six months' labour and a bad-conduct discharge.
if i were you, i would wipe that smirk off my face, kill the jokes, and stick to the facts.
look, why don't you let me handle sevalas from now on?
you have a problem with the way i'm handling the case?
when i saw the writing on the wall, it was like he was reaching out from the grave, you know?
god, whoever did that has gotta be the cruellest person alive.
and he's only 32, but he's already among the all-time greats of this sport.
(david) yes, some people are very surprised to find out he's only in his early thirties, but the concentration required at this level has obviously taken its toll to some extent, john.
when you say that, it portrays a certain lack of courtesy.
i don't give a (bleep) what you think, you (bleep) gerry-bag.
it had a lot of potential, so i got them in for a session.
i remember they were a bit nervous, a bit wet behind the ears.
but it was the kind of thing that warmed me to them immediately, really.
i mean, they had a tremendous sense of pride and marvellous personalities.
this was one of the nice things about working with the beatles - they didn't have this ego nonsense that you get with a lot of supergroups.
in the early days, john and paul had a very relaxed attitude towards songwriting.
they shall drink in the ship pub in milbourne after the buying and selling is done.
some of the men have been coming here for 50 years, and their fathers and grandfathers before them.
welcome to the dispersal sale on behalf of mr richard keen.
nice to see such a good company of local buyers here.
i was always vehemently against the drugs scene, particularly the heavier stuff - heroin, lsd.
but when we were in the studios, the lads would nip off to the loo for ten minutes, smoke a bit of pot, come back wreathed in smiles, there'd be some giggling, and then we'd carry on.
well, it may be a tiny pony, but it's a scottish pony, and i am scottish and free, and i will always be free.
anyone that seeks to take away my freedom will never do so, for i may die today, along with my tiny pony, but i will never bow to english rule.
the pressure's starting to get kampagnola after nine minutes, just as you were saying how well he was holding up.
(david) spatsky's gaining the initiative and it will be important for alessandro to maintain his concentration.
it was on a day such as this that i decided to join the religious life.
when i was a child i was put into care with my aunt in kent.
she was a rather cruel woman and i was not happy there.
her husband, a woodcutter, had sadly taken to the bottle, and as you know...
well, it's nice to know that good things happen to horrible people.
i know everyone is going to want a ride, so i should warn you, the selection process will be darwinian:
why do you think you scored so low on that quiz?
i gotta tell you, i think you are the kind of girl that other girls respect.
just an excuse to meet people, but i made a commitment.
i'd trade all my magical powers for an '83 lebaron with low mileage.
well, you're kind of hard to miss in your sunday-go-to-meeting suit.
don't tell the brain trust downstairs, but i've been invited to play poker at diamond dave's high-roller suite.
our fingers may have crapped out, but we can make a sleeping potion, and i'll mix it into diamond dave's next culinary atrocity.
if it works, we can make a break for it while he and c.k. are zonked out.
i promise to eat all the unbruised parts on the bus.
are you gonna be okay about taking the bus to the field trip?
why do you think you scored so low on that quiz?
i gotta tell you, i think you are the kind of girl that other girls respect.
a group of scientists are gonna line our cars up and floor them, to see if we can reverse the earth's rotation.
just an excuse to meet people, but i made a commitment.
i won you fair and square in a game of texas hold'em.
a game sanctioned by the other realm bureau of gaming and fishing.
our fingers may have crapped out, but we can make a sleeping potion, and i'll mix it into diamond dave's next culinary atrocity.
if it works, we can make a break for it while he and c.k. are zonked out.
america's 17 th line of defense... between the mississippi national guard and the league of women voters.
after basic training, you'll only have to work one weekend a month.
the proud men and women of the navy are fighting for freedom.
but you're in lubbock, texas, hosing the stains off a monument.
seaman simpson, your actions have given the navy... a black eye from which it may never recover.
i would throw the book at you, but i've been indicted in the tailhook scandal.
america's 17 th line of defense... between the mississippi national guard and the league of women voters.
after basic training, you'll only have to work one weekend a month.
but i don't know if she's gonna do anything about it.
but i don't know if she's gonna do anything about it.
there's a section on how to deal with things like this.
there's a section on how to deal with things like this.
it's amazing how you can care about someone so much so quickly.
it's amazing how you can care about someone so much so quickly.
and if you want, i can come in with you for the exam.
and if you want, i can come in with you for the exam.
this guy and i were recording music for this movie that he's doing.
this guy and i were recording music for this movie that he's doing.
so after recording, we went to a bar for a couple of hours.
so after recording, we went to a bar for a couple of hours.
so he walked me back to my room and we went in my room and we started kissing on the bed.
and we went in my room and we started kissing on the bed.
and he took off his shirt and then he unbuttoned mine.
and he took off his shirt and then he unbuttoned mine.
and that's when i said that i didn't want to rush it.
and that's when i said that i didn't want to rush it.
then he took off my bra, and that's when i said i didn't wanna have sex.
then he took off my bra, and that's when i said i didn't wanna have sex.
then he put his hands inside of my underwear, you know.
then he put his hands inside of my underwear, you know.
then he put his hands inside of my underwear, you know.
and then i said no and i moved his hand away.
and then i said no and i moved his hand away.
and then i said no and i moved his hand away.
he was on top of me and he put his arms around under me
he was on top of me and he put his arms around under me
he was on top of me and he put his arms around under me so it made it really kinda difficult for me to stop him.
so it made it really kinda difficult for me to stop him.
he left this morning like nothing had even happened, nothing was wrong.
he left this morning like nothing had even happened, nothing was wrong.
i have to take two pills now and two more tonight.
i have to take two pills now and two more tonight.
i have to take two pills now and two more tonight.
and it was a really good idea for you to bring those sheets.
and it was a really good idea for you to bring those sheets.
and it was a really good idea for you to bring those sheets.
i just keep thinking, if i hadn't come to new york,
i just keep thinking, if i hadn't come to new york,
i went to the snack car and had three packs of mm's,
i went to the snack car and had three packs of mm's,
this prospective student is supposed to be staying with me, but something serious happened and i need someone to let this girl stay.
but something serious happened and i need someone to let this girl stay.
but i would never ask you if i didn't need to.
but i would never ask you if i didn't need to.
i read in allure that ga-ga's supposed to be really fun too.
i read in allure that ga-ga's supposed to be really fun too.
it took me 20 minutes to convince her to come to lunch.
it took me 20 minutes to convince her to come to lunch.
obviously, if she goes to the police, it's a criminal case.
obviously, if she goes to the police, it's a criminal case.
your friend should know that usually the da won't take acquaintance rape cases where drugs or alcohol were involved.
won't take acquaintance rape cases where drugs or alcohol were involved.
if he or she feels there's enough evidence to warrant investigation,
if he or she feels there's enough evidence to warrant investigation,
i'm supposed to bring this up in a conversation but here's the truth.
i'm supposed to bring this up in a conversation but here's the truth.
i know, but you know how sometimes you get so close to something,
i know, but you know how sometimes you get so close to something, you can't tell what it is any more, like... you can't tell what it is any more, like... you can't tell what it is any more, like... if you keep repeating a word, it sort of loses it's meaning.
if you keep repeating a word, it sort of loses it's meaning.
if you keep repeating a word, it sort of loses it's meaning.
yeah, every time i go to a restaurant i really wish i had a camera.
yeah, every time i go to a restaurant i really wish i had a camera.
yeah, every time i go to a restaurant i really wish i had a camera.
you guys are laughing right now, but soon you'll be working for me.
you guys are laughing right now, but soon you'll be working for me.
you guys are laughing right now, but soon you'll be working for me.
i came this far to threaten you in person, so listen carefully.
i came this far to threaten you in person, so listen carefully.
i came this far to threaten you in person, so listen carefully.
if that rumour's for real, i'm gonna make your life ugly,
if that rumour's for real, i'm gonna make your life ugly,
if that rumour's for real, i'm gonna make your life ugly, because you deserve it and on my floor you are my responsibility.
because you deserve it and on my floor you are my responsibility.
because you deserve it and on my floor you are my responsibility.
you tell me to do the right thing but you are talking a different language.
you tell me to do the right thing but you are talking a different language.
i don't have to have had sex to understand you've been abused.
i don't have to have had sex to understand you've been abused.
your talent is being a genius, mine is giving this message out.
your talent is being a genius, mine is giving this message out.
i thought maybe going to college i could start over, but i was wrong,
i thought maybe going to college i could start over, but i was wrong, so when you sit there and tell me to report what happened with zack, so when you sit there and tell me to report what happened with zack,
so when you sit there and tell me to report what happened with zack, it's so easy for you to do this, it's like black and white.
it's so easy for you to do this, it's like black and white.
i'm not gonna report it, i'm not gonna go to the crisis centre,
i'm not gonna report it, i'm not gonna go to the crisis centre,
i don't even know why i ever thought that you would understand.
i don't even know why i ever thought that you would understand.
and if a guy living in this dorm raped someone and he does it again,
and if a guy living in this dorm raped someone and he does it again,
zack freaked out at julie and julie thinks i betrayed her.
zack freaked out at julie and julie thinks i betrayed her.
god, the worst part is that she thinks it's her fault.
god, the worst part is that she thinks it's her fault.
the fact is, statistically, she's probably gonna end up doing nothing.
the fact is, statistically, she's probably gonna end up doing nothing.
the fact is, statistically, she's probably gonna end up doing nothing.
which may drive you nuts, but i don't know if there's anything you can do.
which may drive you nuts, but i don't know if there's anything you can do.
which may drive you nuts, but i don't know if there's anything you can do.
she went through my clothes and selected an outfit for me.
she went through my clothes and selected an outfit for me.
i wanna tell you something but i didn't wanna preach to you.
i wanna tell you something but i didn't wanna preach to you.
well, when i was at home, growing up, my father had this amazing ability
well, when i was at home, growing up, my father had this amazing ability to always let me down at the exact most important moment.
to always let me down at the exact most important moment.
to always let me down at the exact most important moment.
you know, he'd say he'd be there and so i'd try really hard.
you know, he'd say he'd be there and so i'd try really hard.
you know, he'd say he'd be there and so i'd try really hard.
but, of course, it would turn out that he never went.
i must be really dense, because it took me for ever
i must be really dense, because it took me for ever
he'd throw things and he'd hit things, and he'd hit us.
he'd throw things and he'd hit things, and he'd hit us.
i tried to figure out what i was doing to make him that way.
i tried to figure out what i was doing to make him that way.
all of a sudden i have this distance from that madness,
all of a sudden i have this distance from that madness,
i'm not the reason he'd get mad and hurt me and hurt my mom.
i'm not the reason he'd get mad and hurt me and hurt my mom.
if it wasn't for you, she'd still be in her room.
if it wasn't for you, she'd still be in her room.
he has no idea what is going on and i feel like he needs to know that i'm fighting this.
and i feel like he needs to know that i'm fighting this.
and i know you don't think what happened was rape, but it was.
and i know you don't think what happened was rape, but it was.
you know, when john died, i was a wreck, certain that somehow, cosmically, i'd caused that accident, certain that somehow, cosmically, i'd caused that accident, certain that somehow, cosmically, i'd caused that accident,
it's probably just human nature to try to make sense of things,
it's probably just human nature to try to make sense of things,
it's probably just human nature to try to make sense of things,
but i don't know if she's gonna do anything about it.
but i don't know if she's gonna do anything about it.
there's a section on how to deal with things like this.
there's a section on how to deal with things like this.
it's amazing how you can care about someone so much so quickly.
it's amazing how you can care about someone so much so quickly.
and if you want, i can come in with you for the exam.
and if you want, i can come in with you for the exam.
this guy and i were recording music for this movie that he's doing.
this guy and i were recording music for this movie that he's doing.
so after recording, we went to a bar for a couple of hours.
so after recording, we went to a bar for a couple of hours.
and we went in my room and we started kissing on the bed.
and we went in my room and we started kissing on the bed.
and he took off his shirt and then he unbuttoned mine.
and he took off his shirt and then he unbuttoned mine.
after a while, he took off his pants, and that's when i said that i didn't want to rush it.
and that's when i said that i didn't want to rush it.
then he took off my bra, and that's when i said i didn't wanna have sex.
then he took off my bra, and that's when i said i didn't wanna have sex.
then he put his hands inside of my underwear, you know.
then he put his hands inside of my underwear, you know.
and then i said no and i moved his hand away.
and then i said no and i moved his hand away.
he was on top of me and he put his arms around under me
he was on top of me and he put his arms around under me so it made it really kinda difficult for me to stop him.
so it made it really kinda difficult for me to stop him.
so it made it really kinda difficult for me to stop him.
he left this morning like nothing had even happened, nothing was wrong.
he left this morning like nothing had even happened, nothing was wrong.
i have to take two pills now and two more tonight.
i have to take two pills now and two more tonight.
and it was a really good idea for you to bring those sheets.
and it was a really good idea for you to bring those sheets.
i just keep thinking, if i hadn't come to new york,
i just keep thinking, if i hadn't come to new york,
i went to the snack car and had three packs of mm's,
i went to the snack car and had three packs of mm's, the king-size pack, so i'm a little wired.
but something serious happened and i need someone to let this girl stay.
but something serious happened and i need someone to let this girl stay.
but i would never ask you if i didn't need to.
but i would never ask you if i didn't need to.
i read in allure that ga-ga's supposed to be really fun too.
i read in allure that ga-ga's supposed to be really fun too.
it took me 20 minutes to convince her to come to lunch.
it took me 20 minutes to convince her to come to lunch.
obviously, if she goes to the police, it's a criminal case.
obviously, if she goes to the police, it's a criminal case.
won't take acquaintance rape cases where drugs or alcohol were involved.
won't take acquaintance rape cases where drugs or alcohol were involved.
if he or she feels there's enough evidence to warrant investigation,
if he or she feels there's enough evidence to warrant investigation, the case is passed to the student conduct committee.
i'm supposed to bring this up in a conversation but here's the truth.
i'm supposed to bring this up in a conversation but here's the truth.
i know, but you know how sometimes you get so close to something,
i know, but you know how sometimes you get so close to something,
i know, but you know how sometimes you get so close to something, you can't tell what it is any more, like... you can't tell what it is any more, like... you can't tell what it is any more, like... if you keep repeating a word, it sort of loses it's meaning.
if you keep repeating a word, it sort of loses it's meaning.
if you keep repeating a word, it sort of loses it's meaning.
i have to get to class, but maybe i'll call her later, alright?
yeah, every time i go to a restaurant i really wish i had a camera.
yeah, every time i go to a restaurant i really wish i had a camera.
you guys are laughing right now, but soon you'll be working for me.
you guys are laughing right now, but soon you'll be working for me.
i came this far to threaten you in person, so listen carefully.
i came this far to threaten you in person, so listen carefully.
if that rumour's for real, i'm gonna make your life ugly,
if that rumour's for real, i'm gonna make your life ugly,
if that rumour's for real, i'm gonna make your life ugly, because you deserve it and on my floor you are my responsibility.
because you deserve it and on my floor you are my responsibility.
you tell me to do the right thing but you are talking a different language.
you tell me to do the right thing but you are talking a different language.
i don't have to have had sex to understand you've been abused.
i don't have to have had sex to understand you've been abused.
your talent is being a genius, mine is giving this message out.
your talent is being a genius, mine is giving this message out.
i thought maybe going to college i could start over, but i was wrong,
i thought maybe going to college i could start over, but i was wrong,
i thought maybe going to college i could start over, but i was wrong, so when you sit there and tell me to report what happened with zack, so when you sit there and tell me to report what happened with zack,
so when you sit there and tell me to report what happened with zack, it's so easy for you to do this, it's like black and white.
it's so easy for you to do this, it's like black and white.
it's so easy for you to do this, it's like black and white.
i'm not gonna report it, i'm not gonna go to the crisis centre,
i'm not gonna report it, i'm not gonna go to the crisis centre,
i don't even know why i ever thought that you would understand.
i don't even know why i ever thought that you would understand.
and if a guy living in this dorm raped someone and he does it again,
and if a guy living in this dorm raped someone and he does it again,
zack freaked out at julie and julie thinks i betrayed her.
zack freaked out at julie and julie thinks i betrayed her.
god, the worst part is that she thinks it's her fault.
god, the worst part is that she thinks it's her fault.
god, the worst part is that she thinks it's her fault.
the fact is, statistically, she's probably gonna end up doing nothing.
the fact is, statistically, she's probably gonna end up doing nothing.
the fact is, statistically, she's probably gonna end up doing nothing.
which may drive you nuts, but i don't know if there's anything you can do.
which may drive you nuts, but i don't know if there's anything you can do.
she went through my clothes and selected an outfit for me.
she went through my clothes and selected an outfit for me.
i wanna tell you something but i didn't wanna preach to you.
i wanna tell you something but i didn't wanna preach to you.
well, when i was at home, growing up, my father had this amazing ability
well, when i was at home, growing up, my father had this amazing ability
well, when i was at home, growing up, my father had this amazing ability to always let me down at the exact most important moment.
to always let me down at the exact most important moment.
you know, he'd say he'd be there and so i'd try really hard.
you know, he'd say he'd be there and so i'd try really hard.
i must be really dense, because it took me for ever
i must be really dense, because it took me for ever to realise he's a raging alcoholic.
he'd throw things and he'd hit things, and he'd hit us.
he'd throw things and he'd hit things, and he'd hit us.
he'd throw things and he'd hit things, and he'd hit us.
i tried to figure out what i was doing to make him that way.
i tried to figure out what i was doing to make him that way.
i tried to figure out what i was doing to make him that way.
all of a sudden i have this distance from that madness,
all of a sudden i have this distance from that madness, and the one thing i can see now that i could never see before and the one thing i can see now that i could never see before and the one thing i can see now that i could never see before
i'm not the reason he'd get mad and hurt me and hurt my mom.
i'm not the reason he'd get mad and hurt me and hurt my mom.
if it wasn't for you, she'd still be in her room.
if it wasn't for you, she'd still be in her room.
and i feel like he needs to know that i'm fighting this.
and i feel like he needs to know that i'm fighting this.
and i know you don't think what happened was rape, but it was.
and i know you don't think what happened was rape, but it was.
it's probably just human nature to try to make sense of things,
it's probably just human nature to try to make sense of things,
the scary part is realising sometimes bad things just happen, no reason, no purpose, they just occur, no reason, no purpose, they just occur, no reason, no purpose, they just occur,
and we're left to pick up the pieces, and we're left to pick up the pieces, and we're left to pick up the pieces,
she put herself in danger when it would have been a lot easier simply to ask for asylum.
i agree... but i think we have to make sure she doesn't have some hidden agenda.
if she was here, there should be some evidence of it.
she said a computer virus was planted to wipe all references to her being here, but i have to believe we can at least turn up some evidence of tampering.
i thought you might like to get something to eat-- unless your memories of our mess hall aren't good.
as a matter of fact, i was quite fond of neelix's food.
the hard part was looking for the runaway without anyone finding me.
i managed two days on the ship before i triggered an intruder alert and lost my cloak.
if you want to give me your weapon and explain what's going on, i'll listen.
i felt an attraction right away, but i couldn't afford to get distracted.
i've been assigned to talk to you-- to figure out whether or not you're telling the truth.
even if you are, i have no memory of meeting you and i certainly have no memory of feeling anything for you.
before long, we will be so far from your world that if you change your mind, you wouldn't be able to get back.
i won't change my mind, but i must warn you-- the tracers won't give up that easily.
i was only able to make a temporary modification to your sensors.
if you'd let me access your astrometric processors, i could make that modification permanent.
she says she, or rather we fell in love when she was here before.
since i can't remember any of that, i don't know if it's true, but somehow, it's hard to believe.
i knew you wouldn't remember me, but i was sure we could regain the feelings we had before.
they were there... and they were real... but now i'm not so sure.
you can use them against anyone who tries to come after you.
you said you were going to tell me about our last night together.
maybe so, but don't you think she'd be better off as a member of your security detail?
perhaps. i'll assign her to a team and let her observe for a week.
the trick is to scatter those beams a little, make it harder for them to penetrate the shields.
i think we could do that by tying the baryon sensors into deflector control.
i suspect the commander and kellin are engaged in a courtship ritual.
it seems an unnecessary and complicated precursor to the act of procreation.
do you have any idea how we can reverse the effect?
promise me... if i forget why i'm here, if i forget you... do what i did... and you'll tell me all about us... and you'll help me to remember.
did it ever occur to you that the fact that so many people want to leave might mean that there's something wrong with your society?
we have a strong and cohesive society because of our efforts to keep it that way.
she made it clear to me that she wants to stay here.
so maybe you should start practicing what you're going to tell your superiors.
any one thing might be enough to keep it from igniting-- a mood, a glance... a remark.
and if we could define love... predict it... it would probably lose its power.
i agree... but i think we have to make sure she doesn't have some hidden agenda.
if she was here, there should be some evidence of it.
if we grant her asylum, we'll be in the position of having to protect her.
if we're going to commit to that, we should certainly find out if she's telling the truth.
the hard part was looking for the runaway without anyone finding me.
i managed two days on the ship before i triggered an intruder alert and lost my cloak.
if you want to give me your weapon and explain what's going on, i'll listen.
i felt an attraction right away, but i couldn't afford to get distracted.
i've been assigned to talk to you-- to figure out whether or not you're telling the truth.
even if you are, i have no memory of meeting you and i certainly have no memory of feeling anything for you.
you can use them against anyone who tries to come after you.
you said you were going to tell me about our last night together.
all the qualities you mentioned would help in defending neelix against the periodic wrath of the crew.
maybe so, but don't you think she'd be better off as a member of your security detail?
the trick is to scatter those beams a little, make it harder for them to penetrate the shields.
i think we could do that by tying the baryon sensors into deflector control.
i suspect the commander and kellin are engaged in a courtship ritual.
it seems an unnecessary and complicated precursor to the act of procreation.
do you have any idea how we can reverse the effect?
promise me... if i forget why i'm here, if i forget you... do what i did... and you'll tell me all about us... and you'll help me to remember.
returning her will serve as a deterrent to others who might think of leaving.
did it ever occur to you that the fact that so many people want to leave might mean that there's something wrong with your society?
but... what i'm going to say will sound strange... but it's what you asked me to do before you lost your memories.
you came here about a month ago looking for a runaway.
then that's all the more reason that i should leave now.
i've violated one of our most important edicts... and i wouldn't want to make that mistake again.
any one thing might be enough to keep it from igniting-- a mood, a glance... a remark.
and if we could define love... predict it... it would probably lose its power.
you knew this was a possibility when you came on the show.
a little later on in the show, we're gonna repaint this little table.
why don't you tell the audience why you really came down?
during breaks up on the high steel, we like to sing traditional irish folk songs.
* let grasses grow and waters flow in a free and easy way
* just give me enough of that fine old stuff that's made near galway bay
* the police men from old donegal sligo and lietrin too
* we'll give them the slip and we'll take a sip of that real old mountain dew
and also, we went to this club and he got rejected there.
and he's been obsessed with trying to get in there ever since.
he said he bugged kim almost every day about how am i doing
and, you know, if i'm getting out or what's going on.
had an infected tooth, and it had to be pulled out.
and no one was available to take him to the dentist,
about the last time he was there is, uh, jeff got real nervous.
he... he ran out of the room, and they ended up
and kim, my boss, in his office... me and some coworkers.
we were sitting there attending to jeff's leg which he had had
we all know that he's lived well beyond his expected years,
but it's something that we just don't talk with him about.
and kim just finally broke it by just saying no, jeff.
it's just that you might not be able to walk very well again.
he likes to watch "the three stooges" when he gets home.
he stays up until, oh, 2:00, 3:00... 3:00 o'clock in the morning.
it liquictied like all the others, but for some reason this one couldn't reform again.
that might be what happened to that kid we've been looking for.
you've been a valuable member of our team for a long long time.
but todays developments are sending the plant in a new and different direction.
the fda approved the sale of gc-161 to the public today.
all of the researchers that worked on it were let go.
i don't think we have to worry about her just now.
we are so close now, we have to worry about everybody.
absolutely, but first i want to bring here her for testing.
that driscoll kid said she had some kind of powers, right?
he's a threat to danielle and you know what she did to my dad.
i know you are loyal to your sister but she can't help you now.
you didn't happen to drug johns to get his vote, did you?
please, johns has had a nervous breakdown, have pity on him.
there's nothing i can do or say to prove to you... who i was or who i am.
i guess you have to ask yourself... why would either of us lie to you?
as you know, most satellites have a nuclear power source... a material that could be used as a weapon.
normally, this doesn't pose a security threat... as these orbiters burn up when they reenter the atmosphere.
they have been underwritten... by various organized factions inside the former soviet union.
but we still don't know specifically... who is motivating the action.
there were 23 sukhoi pilots unaccounted for at the time of the incident.
birkoff worked them all up... found linkage between fifth order and arka.
you asked how i could live like this... on my own terms.
i had damaging intel that i could have used against them.
we all have to come to terms with our personal losses... look into our souls, find a way to cope.
we can't help you with that... but i know you... and know that you'll be able to find that inner strength.
i know you were not a hostage... for the six months you were out.
i also know that michael had something to do with your return.
normally, this doesn't pose a security threat... as these orbiters burn up when they reenter the atmosphere.
yesterday, however... while a norwegian satellite was on the way up... a booster exploded... causing the payload to fall into the north sea, intact.
there are two connections we backed into through the satellite's manufacturer.
both are soft... but one of them we know to have an interest... in acquiring nuclear capability.
but we still don't know specifically... who is motivating the action.
if they're so well-financed... why go to all the trouble to steal some fuel rods?
it has the hard-wired decryption codes of the main command... and control lines to the pentagon.
if the fifth order can figure out how to leverage these codes in time... it would become a global security emergency.
you've had to endure a number of difficult things... since you've come back to us.
we all have to come to terms with our personal losses... look into our souls, find a way to cope.
we can't help you with that... but i know you... and know that you'll be able to find that inner strength.
although we rarely do this with such a young operative... we're willing to make an exception in your case.
some of the things i said about jurgen are not true.
i tell you this in case you have any doubt... as to what kind of man he was.
you're the first person i've met whose mom doesn't worry about her enough.
you have to start dating. lt's been 26 months since you got divorced.
the guy looks fine on tv, but what if he turns out to be a weirdo?
when i tug my ear-- l know, i pretend to bump into you.
oh, i don't know. i think being direct always gets the best results.
well, in that case i'm supposed to wait three days, but you want to go out with me again?
you remember last year, we got robbed by those snobs from palos verdes.
this year, we've got a chance to win back first place, and our dignity.
i'll have you know that when i was a boy, we didn't have intercoms.
to find things out, we had to peek at keyholes and root through trash just like everyone else.
we don't know who the lady is, but it pays to advertise.
i thought i told you never to do something like this again!
we have to assume mowen got this in scotland and brought it back.
have birkoff check all civilian populations in the area... see if there's any reports of an outbreak.
17% of the section... of which half contracted it in the last two hours.
do we have confidence that any of the segments... will remain uninfected?
operations and i were just discussing... the reactive behavior of many of our operatives.
apparently, you were one of the only ones... on the floor who kept his head.
we have to assume mowen got this|in scotland and brought it back.
have birkoff check all civilian populations|in the area... see if there's any reports of an outbreak.
we have to assume mowen got this in scotland and brought it back.
have birkoff check all civilian populations in the area... see if there's any reports of an outbreak.
17% of the section... of which half contracted it in the last two hours.
do we have confidence that any of the segments... will remain uninfected?
operations and i were just discussing... the reactive behavior of many of our operatives.
apparently, you were one of the only ones... on the floor who kept his head.
this mansion overlooks the tranquil landscape of the pine valley ranch hills estates golf course and the cemetery.
this is the key that can open the door to your future as a person who lives in a really big house!
clown-o, animals can sense negative vibrations so get off that chair and say hello to mr. frisky.
i want you and mr. frisky to begin working up an act right away.
someone who will do the things they only dream about in order to win!
remember, j.w., when in doubt, always stoop as low as you can and appeal to people's basest instincts.
the race begins here in southern california and ends here in mexico.
and this is the "keyako" that opens the door to our terrific prize a huge giant mansion.
i'm one of those who believes you're as young as you feel.
i have always been a fan of good clean fun and honest competition.
one does grow weary of the soul-crushing darkness and endless screaming that fill the air of niltor.
mr. destroyer, i'm curious what exactly powers this strange-looking vehicle of yours?
it is powered by the anguish of a thousand doomed souls.
it sounds like he has a soft spot in his heart for the environment, folks.
oh, and no swordplay in the house while mommy's gone, okay?
well, as the french say, bueno el lucko to you, soccer mom.
this naughty pussycat would do well in the pits of niltor.
perhaps one of my stink pods will give him a taste of his own medicine.
we've just received word from our hollywood studio that due to high ratings, the fabulous super race is going to be extended.
the next finish line is located deep in the heart of the amazon jungle.
buzz blister here in the heart of the amazon jungle with my cohost, biff.
our racers are forging intrepidly ahead through this dense jungle on their way to this very unstable and rickety-looking bridge.
now choose what you would like to do with the quicksand you have selected.
would you like to a, make quicksand, b, garden with quicksand or c, get out of quicksand?
folks, i've just heard from hollywood and have received some terrific news that i'm sure our racers will be pleased to hear!
our racers are now going to head for the southernmost tip of south america where they will prepare for the difficult crossing from cape horn to the antarctic.
it'll take more than a little drizzle to keep us from winning.
this reminds me of sailing blood blister bay back in niltor.
you mean, stick my tongue on this stupid metal pole here?
who would have thought that the so-called destroyer of light was really just a big wimp.
let's just see how high we can get these ratings to go.
well, i see the mouse, buzz, but no sign of the pussyc...
you'd better speed up the last leg of the race or your sorry butt goes bye-bye.
but we told the public this race would go through the greatest cities in the world.
i think they've done something for the self-esteem of fur-covered animals everywhere.
tom and jerry, as the only surviving drivers in our super race we're giving you two nuclear-powered, rocket-car, jet-plane, hovercraft things.
"to be divided between them in equal shares and held in trust until they marry
"or they have attained the age of 30, whichever is the sooner. "
roughly speaking, that means 400,000 for each of you, after payment of estate duty.
your wife asked me to hand you this letter if she died before you.
'i hope you won't miss 'what you never knew you might get, if you see what i mean.
'as for felicity and celia, they're dear girls 'and they had a rough time when their father remarried.
i'm more inclined to traditional stuff, roasts and three veg, steak and kidney pie, steamed puds.
and i suppose, on your side, what you get is the free accommodation.
you see, the way i see it, squadron leader, you take your life in your hands every time you step on a plane.
that's not so, jimbo, not if you know what you're doing.
i mean, i've had more women than i can remember, you've had just the one.
but if what you say is true, then you must have had a heck of a lot more jumps than i have.
home and dry, and you've got to cock it up with your weak bladder!
you're about as much bloody use as a fart in a bottle!
got a letter from june to say she's found another bloke.
and, "i hope one day i'll be able to forgive you for what you did to me. "
there's always the possibility in these circumstances as the release date looms.
but your son had no anxiety that we could detect about going back into society.
the bank will extend your business loan for another 30 days.
after that, either we see reducing payments, or we'll call in the loan.
fewer cigarettes in the first place and you wouldn't be here.
squadron leader, i'll pop along to the shop, get your telegraph.
she ought to know that as his widow, she'd get nothing, not even the house.
if she sees herself as the merry widow, and i've no doubt that she does, she ought to be speedily enlightened.
the guy said that we would find what we wanted right here.
if we were looking for a urban blight and the the overwhelming stench of urine, he was right on the money.
you did a decent thing for the boy and i¡¯m grateful.
but if you give me one second of trouble, i¡¯m going to shoot you dead.
i think jarod believes the initial refuge signal to be authentic.
add to that the phoney tip on his recent whereabouts, it becomes clear that someone has lured him to arizona.
i¡¯ve been following parker and the others for months, hoping they would lead me back to you.
my thumb, and the rest of me, is glad you did.
you know my mother died when i was almost your son¡¯s age, and i know how hard it is to lose someone that you care about.
that¡¯s why i promise you that the sheriff and anyone else lyle has involved in this mess will die unless i walk out of here.
when that woman grabbed me after i saved her life and thanked me, it was like nothing i¡¯d ever felt before.
i¡¯ve been angry for so long, so full of rage and revenge
the new expiration date- it's the same day her mother was killed.
[jarod] everyone who's arrested has the privilege of making one phone call.
- i thinkjarod believes... the initial refuge signal to be authentic.
add to that the, uh, phony tip on his recent whereabouts... and it becomes clear that someone has lured him to arizona.
you really think that the centre's gonna... let you just walk right in there like nothing's happened?
i bring back their golden boy, and it's business as usual.
when you escaped, i was able to crawl out... and fire a shot into the fuel tank.
my leg was injured, so i made my way up to the highway and caught a ride out.
lyle kidnapped a woman and buried her alive somewhere out in the desert.
we have less than an hour before her air supply runs out.
look, i know you're angry... but there's more important things in life than vengeance.
let me show you how good it feels to save a life instead of trying to destroy one.
and i know how hard it is to lose someone that you care about.
that's why i promise you that the sheriff... and anyone else lyle has involved in this mess... will die unless i walk out of here.
the guy said that we would find what we wanted right here.
if we were looking for a urban blight and the the overwhelming stench of urine, he was right on the money.
you did a decent thing for the boy and i¡¯m grateful.
but if you give me one second of trouble, i¡¯m going to shoot you dead.
i think jarod believes the initial refuge signal to be authentic.
add to that the phoney tip on his recent whereabouts, it becomes clear that someone has lured him to arizona.
i¡¯ve been following parker and the others for months, hoping they would lead me back to you.
my thumb, and the rest of me, is glad you did.
you know my mother died when i was almost your son¡¯s age, and i know how hard it is to lose someone that you care about.
that¡¯s why i promise you that the sheriff and anyone else lyle has involved in this mess will die unless i walk out of here.
when that woman grabbed me after i saved her life and thanked me, it was like nothing i¡¯d ever felt before.
i¡¯ve been angry for so long, so full of rage and revenge
it was impossible for a great superpower to run away from this wild country.
the united states supplied billions of dollars of weapons to unlikely allies --
close to the persian gulfs oil and the indian ocean ports, it bordered iran in the west and pakistan in the south and east.
in the north, it shared a border with the muslims of the soviet union's central asian republics.
we thought it was best to introduce land reforms and give land to the landless.
it would enable them to work their own land and raise their standard of living.
land was taken from large owners and handed to the peasants who worked it.
women were encouraged to stop wearing veils and were put into literacy classes alongside men.
we've been building socialism for 60 years and we're still not finished."
but they thought it was us that had got it wrong.
brzezinski' s fears for the stability of the region gained weight when mass demonstrations in tehran led to the overthrow of the shah of iran.
the shah's fall lost america its most important ally in the region.
afghan president taraki flew to moscow to discuss with soviet leader leonid brezhnev how to curb amin' s excesses.
they decided to oust him, hoping the kabul government could get popular support by slowing the reforms and ending the terror.
the implications of the soviet invasion of afghanistan could pose a more serious threat to the peace since the second world war.
the vast majority of nations on earth have condemned this latest soviet attempt to extend its colonial domination of others.
and i would take whatever action i desired or considered appropriate to respond.
and i let it be known that this would not exclude a nuclear reaction.
the purpose of coordinating with the pakistanis would be to make the soviets bleed for as much and as long as is possible.
do we know if any soviet units have reached the border?
some, for example, some soviet arms from the egyptians and the chinese.
we even got soviet arms from the czechoslovak communist government, since it was obviously susceptible to material incentives, and at some point we started buying arms for the mujahedin from the soviet army in afghanistan, because that army was increasingly corrupt.
and we knew that there were big problems with drugs, and that there were big problems with nukes and we were prepared in various ways, in any way that we had to, to turn nelson's eye to those problems,
as long as the afghan resistance was being supported via the government of pakistan -- and that's what we did.
by 1980, almost 100,000 soviet troops would be deployed around the country.
it was a civil war, but many of the soviet conscripts were told they were coming to afghanistan to confront americans.
in mountainous terrain against guerilla fighters, their approach was a disaster.
well, i would say 99% of all the battles that we fought in afghanistan were won by the soviet side.
but the problem is that the next morning we had the same old situation as if there was no battle --
mujahedin were again in that village where they were -- we thought we destroyed them just the other day.
while more weapons poured into afghanistan, the united nations sought a diplomatic solution.
under-secretary diego cordovez tried to broker a deal for the soviet union to withdraw if military aid to the mujahedin was stopped.
it didn't seem a credible thing for them to do because we didn't think that they were at all disposed to do that.
so naturally when we talked with the pakistanis, we pressed them always to continue the pressure.
two russian soldiers stood in front of us with machine guns.
we began reciting the holy kalima from the holy koran, because we knew we were about to die.
a young soldier might kill just to test his gun, or if he's curious to see what the inside of a human being looks like, or what's inside a smashed head.
but there is also the fact that if you don't kill, you'll get killed.
thousands of civilians were killed in similar soviet atrocities throughout afghanistan.
the mujahedin committed their own war crimes, often executing soviet and afghan prisoners in cold blood.
for the sake of a system that turned my father and all of our parents into alcoholics?
you suddenly realized that you have been brought up in a system which only creates evil.
you just want to escape from it, but you don't know where to run.
you have only got one hope -- to eat half a kilo of opium, go to sleep and never wake up.
in march 1985, an energetic new leader took power in the kremlin.
as mikhail gorbachev met crowds of russians on tours around the country, opposition to the war could finally be expressed in public.
the emerging issue was what kind of government would run afghanistan if the soviets left.
hoping the us and pakistan would accept a coalition friendly to moscow,
gorbachev instructed najibullah to offer talks with the mujahedin about forming an afghan government of national reconciliation.
gorbachev and his peace initiatives were applauded in moscow, but not yet accepted in washington.
washington was making plain that america was directly involved in the afghan war.
spurred on by the increased american aid, the mujahedin opposed a un-brokered peace agreement that would enable the withdrawal of soviet troops, but leave the kabul regime in place.
fighting among rival groups of islamic fundamentalists continued to destroy the country long after the cold war was over.
since 1979, five million afghans were wounded or forced to flee their homes.
it's not because i am without feeling for -- or without understanding of now much agony goes along with war.
it's just that this was such a contribution to the end of what was otherwise an evil that inflicted other kinds of pain on so many other people that on balance, it was worth it.
the man who committed these crimes has an overpowering sexual need.
recidivism in child sex crimes is among the highest in all criminal categories.
"how often shall my brother sin against me, and i forgive?"
"but jesus saith, not till seven times, but until 70 times seven,"
we did ask the fbi's expert witness, mr frank black, to explain how it happened, but sadly mr black declined.
instead, we've got randall jarret, the man who defended max brunelli in the 1979 trial.
but the playground, where casey petersen was attacked, the kidnapper couldn't have known she'd be there.
she had a fight with her friend and she ran off on her own.
and the only man to step forward to defend him was randall jarret.
you're saying jarret killed mary flannigan, and then just waited 20 years?
you imagined, you made your little drawings, and she's lying up there with her dress.
exactly the way you wanted, but she's getting very weak, max.
recidivism in child sex crimes is among the highest in all criminal categories.
if you let this man back into the world, he will find himself under unbearable pressure to reoffend.
but the law says you got that right, and i respect the law.
the law also says i have to tell the people who you are, where you are, and what you've done.
can be caused by something like a prison sentence, but... 20 years?
20 years to imagine, to plan, to refine what you were about to do before you got arrested.
when you feel yourself yielding to her, summon an image so repellent you'll be incapable of any sexual desire.
remember at uncle henry's farm we found that dead horse lying in the sun,
he asked me last night to keep him away from you.
the minute my back is turned, he sneaks here, yes, i'm aware of the irony.
i can understand your shock and if i could erase last night, i would.
but if you could just look at this rationally, just for a moment.
last night was about two people ruled by very powerful superegos, tortured by them, who found a chance, however misguided, to break through and rediscover their ids together.
call me an old softy, but that's how i see it.
if you had given in to me last night instead of this morning, the three of us would not be in this hell.
no, it would be the two of us in a whole different hell.
it happened and i'm just going to have to deal with it.
i suppose in a twisted way there is one positive for me in this.
you see, lilith, i have never stopped desiring you, even though i know we are wrong for each other.
but now, from this day forward, whenever i look at your face,
his little girlfriend would kneel over him begging him not to die.
just then, he'd pretend to die and his girlfriend would pretend to weep.
andrea told me that whenever he played cowboys and indians, he'd make sure he got wounded first.
his little girlfriend would kneel over him begging him not to die.
anyway, he's throwing a big concert next week in the city, and the firm got all these tickets, and evan gave his to me.
so if you play your cards right, i'll let you go with me.
it's just, you don't really know this evan guy, or how he operates.
"oh, miss heffernan, can you work late with me tonight on this big legal case?
now, listen, i have a really great job, and it's going well.
and i want you to be happy for me, all right?
if you went to the trouble of making a tv out of cheese, you'd have to make a commitment not to eat it.
then why would you make it out of cheese in the first place?
but now what you're faced with is a more complex problem.
you're realizing that carrie is immersed in a seductive world full of bright, dynamic people, a world you can't possibly compete with.
- i'm trying to figure out how to say this guy's name so i don't sound like such a mook at the concert.
"hey, this guy on the cello's pretty good over here. " you know?
before you hurt yourself there, i wanted to talk to you about that.
i'm thinking, you know, maybe we need to take a pass on this cello thing.
well, if you're so undesirable, how come i think about you in the middle of a meeting at work?
and how come you still make me laugh after you tell the same dumb joke for the third time?
you know, a town with money's a little like the mule with a spinning wheel.
no one knows how he got it, and danged if he knows how to use it.
i've sold monorails to brockway, ogdenville and north haverbrook... and by gum, it put them on the map!
well, sir, there's nothir on earth like a genuine, bona fide... electrified, six-car monorail.
you know, a town with money's a little like the mule with a spinning wheel.
no one knows how he got it, and danged if he knows how to use it.
i've sold monorails to brockway, ogdenville and north haverbrook... and by gum, it put them on the map!
well, sir, there's nothir on earth like a genuine, bona fide... electrified, six-car monorail.
i really don't mean to be condescending, but justice cannot exist in a democracy without the support and cooperation of an informed citizenry.
if you let this man walk away from his crimes, you not only let down this entire city, but you encourage him to continue in his criminal endeavours.
- yeah, in a perfect world, in a truly perfect world.
and have you seen one of those around here lately, fraser?
maybe if you dropped the charges against mr. warfield, we could forego the legal action?
- hey, scumbag, maybe you'd like a kick in the teeth.
if constable fraser wants to offer protection, let the rcmp supply it.
- call me old-fashioned, but i don't think yuletide is a great time to get shot and dumped in the river.
- they've got 12 witnesses who'll swear that he was threatening warfield.
constable, no one gets convicted on a first-time assault that doesn't result in actual bodily harm.
except for that one time we let in rene thibault, but he got into the turps.
so what are you hoping to get these wise men to do?
i found out that weatherwax was married to foxworth's half-sister, etta...
- dad, dad, i don't mean to interrupt, but does this story have a moral?
yes, i know you'd rather be with her, but it's sort of cliched, don't you think?
i mean, wolf meets poodle, poodle hooks wolf, wolf liquidates his assets.
- well, you can walk all you want, fraser, but, uh... there's something i want to tell you.
and, uh, it's not the easiest thing for me to say, but...
- well, it seems like warfield was letting things slide at the office lately.
when it was out that he was in jail, some of his associates decided they'd be better off without him.
i really don't mean to be condescending, but justice cannot exist in a democracy without the support and cooperation of an informed citizenry.
if you let this man walk away from his crimes, you not only let down this entire city, but you encourage him to continue in his criminal endeavours.
- yeah, in a perfect world, in a truly perfect world.
and have you seen one of those around here lately, fraser?
maybe if you dropped the charges against mr. warfield, we could forego the legal action?
- hey, scumbag, maybe you'd like a kick in the teeth.
- miss vecchio, don't you think you're overdoing it a bit?
- i'm just trying to make the place look festive, sir.
constable, no one gets convicted on a first-time assault that doesn't result in actual bodily harm.
my god, you can practically beat someone to death in this city and not get convicted.
you know, perhaps you gentlemen could take him for a couple of laps in the hallway.
he tends to sleep much more soundly after a little exercise.
except for that one time we let in rene thibault, but he got into the turps.
so what are you hoping to get these wise men to do?
- no, sir, i came by to ask you to reconsider your confession.
- i had a guy like you work for me once.
one good whack in the head with a hammer... you ain't dead, there'll be days when you wish you were.
oh... would that be a ball-peen or a claw hammer, sir?
the worst you can get, the absolute worst, is a fine.
so do it, get it over with, lose the mountie, and get back to work.
yes, i know you'd rather be with her, but it's sort of cliched, don't you think?
i mean, wolf meets poodle, poodle hooks wolf, wolf liquidates his assets.
- yes, when this was meant for ray, it was to be an elk.
when it was for lieutenant welsh, it was going to be a grizzly bear.
¶ one fine day with a woof and a purr ¶
¶ a baby was born and it caused a little stir ¶
¶ got to rise above it, got to try to get along ¶
¶ got to walk together, got to sing this song ¶
¶ got to rise above it, got to try to get along ¶
¶ got to walk together, got to sing this song ¶
yeah, she'd been coming, you know for a few months... to shows, and you know, i'd seen her around.
i didn't think he would like her, you know, he like blondes
i was wondering... if you'd like to come back into the house with me.
there's only so much of this i can't take, you know?
i will explain you the things i did for anthony... that weren't in my job description, you know
like, interior design, was my main attempt to create a feng swing in his place!
and he loved ships, he loved to sail... he made me love them and got this thing which... is hand blown and he won't leave it out.
it's beautiful, and i still don't know what hand blown means.
i'll be in there in a moment buccholz, i warned you!
after you show her in, you can turn in your scrubs and go home!
if you don't work in the hospital anymore i don't need you.
i hired you because you could get rid of my waste.
true, i didn't give birth to you in the standard fashion.
you have some of my blood in you, and i believe that makes you my son.
after you shrivel up enough, someone will find you... pronounce you dead, considering you have no heartbeat.
then they place you into a coffin, lower into the ground live the rest of your life in darkness.
and you've got worms, and grubs, and they'll take to feedings on you.
and after a while, you won't be much more than a stack of bones.
it says that t they're mixing nevirapine with azt, ddl... a bunch of 3 letter drugs which are the good ones.
you don't have to do all this, especially after the way i've treated you.
i couldn't go back to the boat, and uh, i lost my job.
you're the only friend i've got... so i figured it out...
when you let yourself get bitten by anthony, you succeeded in getting you revenge.
but what you forgot... is that you were bitten twice before that, once by seth and once by tobin, making anthony the third bite.
there is one thing i would like you to do for me, actually
just make sure she gets a proper burial when the time comes.
it takes a little getting used to, but all in all it can be... comforting.
just the kind of thing a lonely boy is looking for.
you don't have to worry about clothing and meals, lots of money that you can't spend
but if you are good, please open your eyes and take a look
we have direct order from in-land, got to kill liao tending
and he had to be killed by japanese like mr lin
liao need to come before midnight today to turn himself into the police department
post to the good civilian of japan, not to hide liao
[debra winger] in the town of konya, in central turkey... in the middle of the 13th century... a prominent religious scholar named jalal ad-din rumi... was suddenly separated from his teacher and spiritual friend.
in his grief he took hold of a column and began turning.
when rumi was still a child... his family was forced to flee the oncoming armies of genghis khan.
after years of travel, they settled in konya turkey... an important stop on the silk road and a meeting point of many cultures.
and as the mystics of islam, the sufis... we can connect with because, they're talking about these... wonderful, sublime truths... which have a way of piercing... directly into the human heart, wherever it is.
the sufi's used to walk, you know, down several roads... visiting with the christians, visiting with islam... visiting in all of the great religions, really.
but it's almost of an order beyond what people mean... when they mean to learn from someone.
because it means to almost, what seemed to happen was a sudden, knowing...
one can see here in shams an older man... who is outside the orthodox spiritual community.
who comes in and helps a younger man who is... deeply embedded in that orthodox spiritual community.
and that means when his heart... melted through his love for shams, that... his new experience enabled him... to understand what he was talking about before.
and he took rumi's book knowledge and says... he said now you have to live what you've been reading about.
jealousy is one of the main... impulses in the human race, you know.
so no one knows exactly the truth, but... some feel that what happens is that the students killed shams and hid the body.
rumi then went out in the backyard and there's a pole there.
and in his grief he kept going round and round and round the pole.
that it's both outside of us, intending us, and inside us.
when we feel the jewel like quality of our own inner awareness.
when one says that wonderful pronoun "you" and you don't quite know who it is... it's that presence.
"when it's cold and raining, he says, you are more beautiful."
first time i ever heard of rumi was at one of robert bly's conferences in 1976.
when he handed me a book of scholarly translations... by a.j arberry and said these poems need to be released from their cages, you know.
and then neruda's a contemporary and so... you can feel the turns and you can feel... the sorrow, where it is in the sentence and which words have tremendous sorrow... even in spanish and continue them.
and then you follow the emotional mood of that line... and um...
i thought what it would it sound like if it were written today.
so i made a guess at the lines, and they are not accurate.
but the aim of those translations, the aim of versions... is to bring in poets so unusual, so amazing... that you'd rather have an inaccurate translation then none at all.
i work with scholars who give me literal versions... of poems from the persian.
listen to the story told by the reed, of being separated.
"since i was cut from the reedbed, i have made this crying sound.
so i put it into our tradition, which is... most attuned to spiritual questions... and that is the free verse, of whitman and emily dickinson... and gary snyder.
in terms of the musicality of the persian... we don't try to reproduce that at all.
the more translators who work on the text, the better... because every version gives you something else.
because it's through the eyes of that particular poet or translator.
rumi can keep a lot of trans... should keep a lot of translators busy.
because he is a kind of universe, and with a lot of different moods and modes... and i may be missing a lot of them.
i was born in afghanistan, the land where rumi came from.
when i was a little girl, my father, i remember him reading rumi or... or conversing through rumi with his friends in the moonlight until 2 or 3 o'clock in the morning.
that flute is noted for the plaintive sound that it makes.
and the reed was played on by human beings... but the reed was once in the mud of the river bottom.
"never mentioning the skill that gave it life as a flute."
boy that changes the whole idea of being a victim in the world.
then he says the reed can't make the noise, can't make the reed music...
can't make the flute music, until it is plucked from the reed bed.
"at the time of night prayer as the sun slides down,"
"the route the senses walk on closes, the route to the invisible opens."
"the angel of sleep then gathers and drives along the spirits,"
"just as the mountain keeper gathers his sheep on the slope."
"i think one could say the spirit goes back to its old home;"
"it no longer remembers where it lives, and it loses its fatigue."
in the sufi order, the one that was generated by rumi, the mevlevi order... their distinctive ritual is a circling motion which has caused... those sufi's to be called the "whirling dervishes".
it comes from rumi himself who found himself drawn to... circle pillars in his mosque.
he would cup his hand around the pillar... and leaned back and found the best motion... for some... who knows what the symbolism is... maybe planets circling the sun... would just release a torrent of ecstatic poetry.
and much of his poetry just came spilling out of him in that motion.
that ultimately even our material success comes... from the ability to love and have compassion.
comes from the capacity to experience joy and ecstasy and share it with others.
we have an organization that we belong to, briney and i...
it's called "club" and we meet every monday night after dinner.
and there was nothing in that room but just an office desk.
some students had been renting out the house... and there's just this metal office desk.
and we were gonna sit on the floor there and draw pictures... for club...
she reached into the desk and pulled off a bit of adding machine tape... and ripped it off... she says "grandaddy, this is your permanent ticket to club".
i pulled it out and noticed it had this very careful calligraphy, on it.
and it turns out that adding machine roll, some student had copied out...
the entire book, every poem in "bird song"... these little poems, on that thin adding machine roll.
and she had ripped that off, the first three and a half poems... and given it to me as my permanent ticket to club.
there's this old celtic thing... that's there's very little difference between a song, and a poem... between a poem and a story... between a story and prayer.
so that anytime someone is singing a song, or telling a story... or telling or reading poetry to a child... they're also inviting the child into a prayer.
and there's never a need to take that down to the level of the child, at all.
because something in the child already knows all this... and is waiting to hear it again... so that parents or teachers that give great poetry... or stories to children... are feeding this old soul that is in this child... and are reassuring the child that they have come to the right world.
that yes it may be confusing, and the world may be increasingly chaotic... but this is the world, where those words are said.
i think if you bring back poetry into the lives of our children... we will transform the world.
if you want to take care of the elderly... have better old folks homes with more money in them.
if you want to take care of inner cities... pour in the funds over there and it'll solve.
poetry as ts eliot said is a raid on the inarticulate.
on the level of 1 to 10, it's about a 2 to read... great works on the spirit from the page.
on the level of 1 to 10, it's like a 9 to hear a human being speak it... especially one you love.
that brings the spirit inside the house, inside the family... inside your genetic line.
to read a poem privately is a beautiful... can be a devotional, prayerful thing.
but to have the poem fall on the drum of the ear, that's different.
and he tells it so clearly, and with such gentleness... and with such elegant images.... that we delight to hear his stories.
when something is true, it can live 700 years or more.
it's not like caviar... that you can have it once in a while, or never in your life... but rumi, like a bread, you will have it once... twice, three times, four times, five times, all the day.
for that your passing every day with rumi, not once a day.
he said: "i go into the christian church and i go into the muslim mosque"...
"and i go into the jewish synagogue and i see one altar."
he saw a single impulse to worship... at the core of all religions.
when he died, members of every faith in konya... came to his funeral, honoring him... as they felt that a way of deepening into their own faith.
it is as if god himself was giving us a second chance.
it's a great honor, for your father to perform a sacrifice at the temple on this day of all days.
they're the testimony of the covenant between god and his people.
we must abide by his law if we wish to remain free.
if you shalt hearken unto the voice of the lord thy god, thou will turn unto him with all thine heart, and with all thy soul, the lord will again rejoice over thee for good, as he rejoiced over thy fathers."
as it was spoken, so shall it be according to the word of the lord, found by our beloved king josiah, may he rest in peace.
anyone who could arrange for his son to perform great acts for the finest people in jerusalem must be very important.
i'm sure the king will be just in his judgment and allow your father the time he needs to pay back his debt.
tomorrow it will be yours, but i want you to observe today's sacrifice, so that tomorrow you'll be more prepared.
are you going to tell us now, what great people we'll serve?
there will always be peace in jerusalem, and prosperity for judah, for god has chosen us as his people.
that is why we gather at this temple of the lord...
for if you truly execute justice one with another, and if you do not oppress the alien, or shed innocent blood in this place,
i will let you dwell in this place, in the land i gave of old to your fathers forever.
i think god himself is calling me to say these things, do these things.
when i was at the altar in jerusalem, in front of the king,
out of the north, evil shall break forth upon all the inhabitants of the land.
and i will utter my judgments against all the cities of judah, for all their wickedness in forsaking me.
"execute ye judgment... and righteousness, and deliver the spoils out of the hand of the oppressor.
and do no wrong, do no violence to the stranger, the fatherless, the widow, neither shed innocent blood in this place.
he said the king of babylon will come and destroy us?
he said this would come to pass only if we didn't mend our ways in the eyes of the lord.
as long as the egyptians protect us, it'll be very difficult for that to happen.
brother... with the babylonians threatening, our people need to be reminded of their strengths, not their weaknesses.
the whole world is in the hands of the king of babylon.
i think we should send ambassadors to beg for mercy, and to reduce the tribute.
we can take advantage of the fact babylon thinks we're its ally.
tomorrow i will send an ambassador to the pharaoh to sound out whether they would help us.
god demands you make a fool of yourself in front of this court?
to show that you must accept the supremacy of babylon, or jerusalem will be destroyed.
the yoke of slavery is upon you, and you must concede.
i could kill you where you stand for this message of treason.
you must lay down your swords, you must open your hearts to babylon, for only by surrender can we implement god's will.
if god finds my rule unjust, then i must act to beg his mercy.
the king has served his god, now he has to serve his people.
he has always shown a particular interest in the daughter of eliakim.
you... who predicted the death of hananiah after he smashed the yoke from your neck, and who died within a year, just as you said?
you... who prophesied the babylonian army would attack, and lay siege to our city as they have for the last two years?
do not give the people... any cause to act foolishly, my lord.
"and i will gather them... out of all the countries whither i have driven them in mine anger, and i will bring them again into this place, and i will cause them to dwell safely."
what is of such importance that you risk your life to see me?
obey, i beseech thee, the voice of the lord which i speak unto thee and your life will be saved.
the word of the lord which you asked me to seek is silence!
if god has something to say to me, why does he send you to tell me?
your pursuit of your own pleasure, wealth and power have taught the people to trust in false gods.
you have lead them to believe that the one true god is not enough!
"i will gather the remnant of my flock out of all the countries whither i have driven them, and behold,
i will make a new covenant with the house of israel.
it is as if god himself was giving us a second chance.
it's a great honor, for your father to perform a sacrifice at the temple on this day of all days.
they're the testimony of the covenant between god and his people.
we must abide by his law if we wish to remain free.
if you shalt hearken unto the voice of the lord thy god, thou will turn unto him with all thine heart, and with all thy soul, the lord will again rejoice over thee for good, as he rejoiced over thy fathers."
as it was spoken, so shall it be according to the word of the lord, found by our beloved king josiah, may he rest in peace.
anyone who could arrange for his son to perform great acts for the finest people in jerusalem must be very important.
i'm sure the king will be just in his judgment and allow your father the time he needs to pay back his debt.
tomorrow it will be yours, but i want you to observe today's sacrifice, so that tomorrow you'll be more prepared.
are you going to tell us now, what great people we'll serve?
there will always be peace in jerusalem, and prosperity for judah, for god has chosen us as his people.
that is why we gather at this temple of the lord...
for if you truly execute justice one with another, and if you do not oppress the alien, or shed innocent blood in this place,
i will let you dwell in this place, in the land i gave of old to your fathers forever.
i think god himself is calling me to say these things, do these things.
when i was at the altar in jerusalem, in front of the king,
out of the north, evil shall break forth upon all the inhabitants of the land.
and i will utter my judgments against all the cities of judah, for all their wickedness in forsaking me.
"execute ye judgment... and righteousness, and deliver the spoils out of the hand of the oppressor.
and do no wrong, do no violence to the stranger, the fatherless, the widow, neither shed innocent blood in this place.
he said the king of babylon will come and destroy us?
he said this would come to pass only if we didn't mend our ways in the eyes of the lord.
as long as the egyptians protect us, it'll be very difficult for that to happen.
brother... with the babylonians threatening, our people need to be reminded of their strengths, not their weaknesses.
the whole world is in the hands of the king of babylon.
i think we should send ambassadors to beg for mercy, and to reduce the tribute.
we can take advantage of the fact babylon thinks we're its ally.
tomorrow i will send an ambassador to the pharaoh to sound out whether they would help us.
god demands you make a fool of yourself in front of this court?
to show that you must accept the supremacy of babylon, or jerusalem will be destroyed.
the yoke of slavery is upon you, and you must concede.
i could kill you where you stand for this message of treason.
you must lay down your swords, you must open your hearts to babylon, for only by surrender can we implement god's will.
if god finds my rule unjust, then i must act to beg his mercy.
the king has served his god, now he has to serve his people.
he has always shown a particular interest in the daughter of eliakim.
you... who predicted the death of hananiah after he smashed the yoke from your neck, and who died within a year, just as you said?
you... who prophesied the babylonian army would attack, and lay siege to our city as they have for the last two years?
do not give the people... any cause to act foolishly, my lord.
"and i will gather them... out of all the countries whither i have driven them in mine anger, and i will bring them again into this place, and i will cause them to dwell safely."
what is of such importance that you risk your life to see me?
obey, i beseech thee, the voice of the lord which i speak unto thee and your life will be saved.
the word of the lord which you asked me to seek is silence!
if god has something to say to me, why does he send you to tell me?
your pursuit of your own pleasure, wealth and power have taught the people to trust in false gods.
you have lead them to believe that the one true god is not enough!
"i will gather the remnant of my flock out of all the countries whither i have driven them, and behold,
i will make a new covenant with the house of israel.
with the polar ice caps melting continuously there will be more floods in the coastal cities more unstable foundations for highways buildings and pipelines.
the global warming cause more instability more deserts and more hunger.
security cameras at the prospero lab picked up a picture during the attack.
something i'd like you to see, if you have a moment.
my colleague and i represent a very influential group of flower growers working under tremendously adverse conditions.
for some years, we've been breeding a special rose the crimson monk until in the past week we've been plagued by ladybirds.
but if anybody wishes to resign he must do so now.
and in recognition of your work a generous offer of $1 million awaits you.
obviously, i'm the sort that doesn't take "no" for an answer.
i think that would depend entirely on the question, mrs. peel.
but if anybody wishes to resign he must do so now.
and in recognition of your work a generous offer of $1 million awaits you.
obviously, i'm the sort that doesn't take "no" for an answer.
i think that would depend entirely on the question, mrs. peel.
now, allied with our colleagues from brolly together we will make history.
you all know who i am and i know all of you but you cannot know one another.
security cameras at the prospero lab picked up a picture during the attack.
something i'd like you to see, if you have a moment.
my colleague and i represent a very influential group of flower growers working under tremendously adverse conditions.
for some years, we've been breeding a special rose the crimson monk until in the past week we've been plagued by ladybirds.
but if anybody wishes to resign he must do so now.
and in recognition of your work a generous offer of $1 million awaits you.
for him to chuck a million in the river, he must've had a good reason.
a sort of high-class protection racket with a clientele of millionaires?
i can take care of this myself and i don't need your help.
now just go and promise me you'll stay out of this.
obviously, i'm the sort that doesn't take "no" for an answer.
i think that would depend entirely on the question, mrs. peel.
now, allied with our colleagues from brolly together we will make history.
you all know who i am and i know all of you but you cannot know one another.
he didn't accept tardiness so i was always careful to be on time.
i'm sure he thought very highly of you, but he's dead.
do you know, it's quite surprising to fiind you doing this?
it's nice to get away from people once in a while.
know anyone who wants to buy a vintage bentley in the newtwo-tone shade of green and slightly singed?
i have survived an electrifying experience and i'll swap the details...
an unequalled cypher expert, she'd be a splendid addition to any intelligence system in the world.
i must make it clear, i cannot quarantee she'll betray her secrets.
have you ever woken up and realised it wasn't going to be one of your days?
then i saw coburn shoot at you, and i followed him here.
not only are we going to be late but the ambassador is going to take it as an insult.
we know his reputation as a womaniser but to wear armour...
he's bound to turn up and he'll want to know your unauthorized equipment orders.
i admit i have taken a few shortcuts but for a very good reason.
at times like this, i fiind it very hard to offer sympathy.
one cannot help feeling that our friends have moved to a far better place.
arthur is in his late 40s, he has seven little trilbies.
surely, mr. litoff has a number one who can arrange things.
the basis of blackmail is that the person you're blackmailing has performed a criminal act.
the person that you're in a position to blackmail is rhodes.
we believe a man should change his neck drawers as often as he changes his mood.
we're opposed to the idea of a man buying a tie and then just wearing it until you can't see the original for egg stains and gravy, etc.
do you know, i can still see the sun glinting on it.
the head girl called the school to give three cheers for the constable who brought it down.
we arrived late and had to leave before the last scene.
i've seen faust three times and i still don't know what happens to him in the end.
a woman in a world of pinstripe and grey flannel. an alien.
mr. litoff gave me a job and taught me everything i know.
it's a disgusting thought that they're all written waiting to be produced and shuffled like a hand of cards.
glover is the only one who has any influence on him.
your husband did something which would've cost him his job had he lived.
however as he was in our employ we shall grant you an indemnity.
the winner takes his enemy's head... and with it, his power.
i am a watcher, part of a secret society of men and women... who observe and record, but never interfere.
but, um, i was just telling her how she could repay me for saving her.
well, did you forget the part about you being dead here?
and there was no lummoxing scotsman there to save my arse.
so i had to keep an appointment with a headman's ax.
to admit they were wrong, they would have to admit they were murderers.
it's easier to make believe that we're all an abomination and let the killing go on.
he got busted and decided it was better to skip bail and vacation in mexico... than face three-to-five years in jail for breaking and entering.
nothing much else changed, except the way he died the first time.
you've been runnin' my guys ragged, across the states, barcelona, rome, marseilles.
it's just too bad it had to be methos to be the one to find you.
macleod, if you've got a problem, take it up with the front office.
fitz, you take me to him, and you take me to him now.
two years later, joe's gone to hell... because he's lost the watchers.
and the horsemen are about to persuade him to lead them to horton.
i had to get you shot to do it, but you gotta take the rough with the smooth.
we were fighting, you and i. you killed richie, then joe.
you know, this "bad guy just your size" routine never works, macleod.
all o'rourke has to do is buy it for 30 seconds.
i hope you can be flexible because we can do this the old-fashioned way... without any outside interference.
i should have shot the bastard when i had the chance.
you know, i don't know who or what you are, methos, and i know you don't wanna hear this, but you did teach me something.
you taught me that life's about change, about learning to accept who you are, good or bad.
the winner takes his enemy's head... and with it, his power.
i am a watcher, part of a secret society of men and women... who observe and record, but never interfere.
but, um, i was just telling her how she could repay me for saving her.
well, did you forget the part about you being dead here?
and there was no lummoxing scotsman there to save my arse.
so i had to keep an appointment with a headman's ax.
to admit they were wrong, they would have to admit they were murderers.
it's easier to make believe that we're all an abomination and let the killing go on.
he got busted and decided it was better to skip bail and vacation in mexico... than face three-to-five years in jail for breaking and entering.
nothing much else changed, except the way he died the first time.
you've been runnin' my guys ragged, across the states, barcelona, rome, marseilles.
it's just too bad it had to be methos to be the one to find you.
macleod, if you've got a problem, take it up with the front office.
fitz, you take me to him, and you take me to him now.
two years later, joe's gone to hell... because he's lost the watchers.
and the horsemen are about to persuade him to lead them to horton.
i had to get you shot to do it, but you gotta take the rough with the smooth.
we were fighting, you and i. you killed richie, then joe.
you know, this "bad guy just your size" routine never works, macleod.
all o'rourke has to do is buy it for 30 seconds.
i hope you can be flexible because we can do this the old-fashioned way... without any outside interference.
i should have shot the bastard when i had the chance.
you know, i don't know who or what you are, methos, and i know you don't wanna hear this, but you did teach me something.
you taught me that life's about change, about learning to accept who you are, good or bad.
hey, this is the same kind of room as the last one, ain't it?
yeah, but the room will change with magic, like it did before, won't it?
what are guys with that kind of power doing on earth?
indeed. 300 years ago, when we investigated here, there weren't any guys such as these.
i'm saying that dabura doesn't seem to be the fearsome scumbag you guys make him out to be.
based on what we saw of his attacks outside earlier, as long as we're careful of his saliva, we could have taken him.
according to the regulations of ma's family those who murdered members of ma's family will be tortured to death by "ling-chi"
we have to cut one thousand pieces of flesh off her and cut her breasts off to nourish the victim's soul
no, we used to be farmers and live in peace it's the bloody government!
they increase tax almost monthly we got no money so they took our fields as tax payment
all strong and capable men go to town to make a living
my sister and man-cheong have engaged for three years but now, they can't even get enough money to get married
ma, what drives you to go to the capital... to work for such corrupted govemment?
you will be working for the trash to torture the poor!
my master always teaches me that it's a man's duty to protect his beloved country
i always remember this and thus makes me go to the capital
well... for what i have said you must think that i am naive
but i think there must be nice guys in the court
i've told you, i will go to the capital for an interview tomorrow
if i stay, i will not be able to catch the interview on time
from now on you only have to stop robbing and turn straight
i will be contented even though i have to suffer life with you!
he is our benefactor you must think that i am naive
but i think there must be nice guys in the court
you wanted them to be killed by bandits in the raid
and you framed them to kill chu to get rid of them
by the end of the 1960s, the soviet union seemed likely to match america's nuclear arsenal.
the two superpowers faced a choice slow down their competition - the process that would be called détente - or continue an arms race that could end in all-out war.
richard nixon had new ideas about how to make the cold war less dangerous.
he was ready to accept the soviet union as america's nuclear equal.
"when president nixon came into office, the conventional wisdom of all... the... media and the people who thought of themselves as intellectuals was that he was a warmonger and that they had to moderate him.
and we were under enormous pressure to start negotiations on trade, on salt, on a whole complex of things."
"this was not a foreign policy politician, particularly in his early years.
he had gained notoriety and power, as you know, on the wave of the great red scare, the great mccarthy period in american politics.
he also knew - and this was very important - the bureaucracy
he knew that often the most difficult belligerent powers with which he had to deal were not the soviet union or china but the department of state, the central intelligence agency, the pentagon, the department of defense those belligerents arrayed along the potomac."
although nixon wanted to revise america's cold war strategy, his first priority was to get american troops out of the war in vietnam.
by 1969, this war had cost the lives of 30,000 gis and there was still no end.
america's ally, president thieu of south vietnam, met nixon on midway island.
nixon told thieu he planned to pull out american troops and hand over the ground war to the south vietnamese.
'vietnamization' was the term that i coined in order to... get people thinking about the responsibilities that the vietnamese had there."
"so we came in and said, 'that's fine, as long as, you know, you leave behind a well-trained south vietnamese army and equip us so that we could take care of our own destiny."
partly to try to bring pressure on the vietnamese to negotiate a settlement, partly to show a dramatic forward movement in our foreign policy, that we were not crippled and paralyzed by the vietnam war."
but hanoi put on its own pressure with a new offensive in the south.
and i thought it would be a very bad thing if that came out at a later time.
and i knew it would because we had 12,000 people that had all that information and you just can't keep secrets."
he could take a 3-by-5 card out of his pocket and take a look.
and the polls showed him with the confidence of 70-75 percent of the american people
and he'd say, 'i'm not going to let those people in the street make foreign policy for this country."
"and so tonight - to you, the great silent majority of my fellow americans -
i have initiated a plan of action which will enable me to keep that pledge.
the more support i can have from the american people, the sooner that pledge can be redeemed.
for the more divided we are at home the less likely the enemy is to negotiate."
"nixon believed, i think correctly, that the opposition to the war was mostly about the draft and the casualties and not about the american presence there.
americans didn't care if we were bombing hanoi they didn't care if there were american airplanes around.
what they didn't like was the fact that young american men were being drafted, sent to vietnam and being killed."
"er, as far as the people are concerned, i have no judgment on that.
er, all that i can say is that i know that i did what i believe was right and what really matters is... as far as the people are concerned is whether it comes out right.
he had been through the great patriotic war from beginning to end.
he returned with the very strong conviction that he had to do his best to prevent war.
i would say that, basically, whether the west believed it or not, our attitude was to have a more constructive relationship with the united states."
in europe, the cold war showed itself most painfully in the iron curtain that divided the two germanys.
"the main thing that got the ball rolling was the decision of the chancellor to call east germany a state.
this was a fundamental change in our position, which led to fierce criticism from the opposition.
if we found points in common which would preserve a balance of interests, this could lead relations between the soviet union and west germany out of a dead end."
willy brandt became the first west german chancellor to visit east germany.
he hoped to remove russia's fear of its old german enemy.
brandt was willing to recognize europe's postwar borders and the division between east and west.
"the moscow accords were the key to our bilateral treaty system with the east.
the federal republic ceased to be an excuse for the soviet union to keep the eastern bloc in line.
and for the east, he was a resistance fighter against the nazis - without any doubt."
in a divided germany, these steps towards détente brought welcome cracks in the berlin wall.
"the principal reason for seeking a rapprochement with china was to... restore fluidity to the overall international situation.
if there are five players and you can't deal with one of them, this produces rigidity.
secondly, we wanted to demonstrate to the american public that vietnam was an aberration, that we had ideas for the construction of peace on a global scale."
soviet leaders were alarmed after kissinger and then nixon returned jubilant from china.
"not only have we completed a week of intensive talks at the highest levels, we have set up a procedure whereby we can continue to have discussions in the future.
we have demonstrated that nations with very deep and fundamental differences can learn to discuss those differences calmly, rationally and frankly without compromising their principles."
"the moscow reaction was that a summit which we had tried to achieve before the trip to china, and in which they had been stone-walling us and trying to use it to well, to put it kindly - blackmail us into
untoward concessions, or concessions we thought were untoward, suddenly they agreed to the summit and it unfroze our relationship."
would the soviets receive nixon in moscow while his planes were bombing their north vietnamese ally?
"the general debate that took place in the white house situation room - and i was in many of these - was:
which is more important - the vietnam front or the moscow front?
and nixon was the only important person that i can recall who said, 'we can have both.
i'm willing to lose the moscow summit but i predict the russians will go ahead even if we bomb hanoi and mine haiphong.'"
"nixon and henry kissinger played sort of good cop/bad cop with the russians particularly.
kissinger would see anatoly dobrynin, the russian ambassador, frequently and i mean like almost daily.
and his line was - 'look, i work for this crazy man.
richard nixon became the first serving american president to be received in the kremlin.
the summit reached agreements to limit offensive and defensive nuclear weapons, and it laid the foundation of détente.
for brezhnev and nixon, this was the most dramatic proof yet of the new relationship between their two countries.
but first the soviets had to make their point on vietnam.
"president nixon, dr. kissinger, myself and one other officer, four of us, went out to brezhnev's country dacha.
and there we saw brezhnev, kosygin, podgorny and the national security adviser on their side - four on four.
we sat for three hours in the dacha, in which each of the russian leaders took an hour to blast the united states for its vietnam policy, absolutely attacking nixon and the united states.
nixon knew what they were doing, namely, they were writing a transcript to send to hanoi.
so he listened patiently, didn't get overly argumentative, basically just took it.
after three and a half hours of soviet diatribe, sort of a tag-team match among the soviet leaders, we then went upstairs for dinner and the entire mood changed.
"last friday in moscow we witnessed the beginning of the end of that era which began in 1945.
we took the first step toward a new era of mutually agreed restraint and arms limitation between the two principal nuclear powers.
with this step, we have enhanced the security of both nations.
we have begun to check the wasteful and dangerous spiral of nuclear arms which has dominated relations between our two countries for a generation.
we have begun to reduce the level of fear by reducing the causes of fear, for our two peoples and for all peoples in the world."
two weeks after nixon's return from moscow, five men working for his re-election campaign were arrested for breaking into the washington headquarters of the democratic party.
as election day approached, kissinger returned from one of his many negotiating rounds with the north vietnamese.
he told nixon he at last had a deal on vietnam.
"the north vietnamese negotiator le duc tho presented to dr. kissinger
a draft agreement on restoring peace and ending the war in vietnam.
so when he came on october 19 and gave us the text
- in english, mind you - and he asked us, well, we've got four days to sign and of course we politely said, 'well, you know, this is the first time we have been given this text, so we would like to have time to study it.
i reaffirm again that the whole people of south vietnam will resist again any peace which demand the rendition of south vietnam and which will give south vietnam to the communist aggressors!"
"i have great sympathy for thieu and, at the same time, i have great sympathy for our problem.
we faced 65 congressional resolutions in the year 1972 alone that were urging unilateral withdrawal from vietnam."
"and mr. kissinger said, 'well, if you sign this, we're going to bring peace and we'll be
- south vietnam will be developed, people will be happy.' at which...
president thieu said, 'listen, you know, we have the interests and the future of our country.
it is inevitable that... in a war of such complexity that there should be occasional difficulties in reaching a final solution."
this latest setback in the vietnam peace talks did not damage nixon.
the next day, there were suddenly 10 or 12 different issues that popped up and were unresolved.
and then le duc tho said that he had to go back to hanoi for consultations."
the biggest white house scandal in a century, the watergate scandal, broke wide open today.
the attorney general, richard kleindienst, has resigned because - in his own words - he had close personal and professional associations with people who may have broken the law.
last week both men were fighting hard to keep their jobs."
"we had a great staff system in the white house for dealing with crises.
i neither took part in nor knew about any of the subsequent... cover-up activities.
i neither authorized nor encouraged subordinates to engage in illegal improper campaign tactics.
in vietnam, the 1973 peace accords had not stopped the fighting.
by april 1975, south vietnamese troops were struggling to defend saigon against hanoi's final offensive.
to supply the kind of military assistance that was necessary to keep the south vietnamese military forces strong."
south vietnamese who had fought and worked alongside the americans against the communists besieged the u.s. embassy.
- and particularly my own - had been like a b-52 strike from 60,000 feet up.
oh, we had done a lot of damage but very seldom did you have to gaze upon the consequences of that damage.
that last day was like being in a b-52 strike right on the deck.
you saw what our actions had wrought and the horror and the shame... was almost more than you could bear."
american passions flared over restrictions on the emigration of soviet jews.
"the questions of jewish emigration from the soviet union and of human rights were a very strong irritant.
these issues were raised regularly by the u.s. congress and by demonstrations organized by pro-israeli activists and sometimes by hooligans."
"there was at the outset of course a genuine backlash in the congress of the united states against the policy of détente not in the first instance from where one might expect it, from the right-wing pews of the republican party.
it came instead from the traditionally right-wing democrats, the hard-line, sort of cold warrior democrats like 'scoop' jackson."
"when we have something we feel strongly about and in this case it is civil liberties and freedom and... what this nation was founded upon, that... we should do something to implement international law and it is international law now
the right to leave a country freely and return freely that we should put that issue of principle on the table knowing that the russians... are not going to agree to it."
"the debate about détente took a very curious form, because some liberals seemed to take the view... that maybe tension wasn't all that bad.
and they suddenly developed theories of... the need to intervene in human rights procedures that we'd never heard before and that were strenuously rejected before."
in the soviet union, where memorials kept alive the remembrance of a terrible war, détente had few enemies.
that's what we shed our blood for in the great patriotic war.
all 35 signatory states are now saying these are the borders of europe.
'since this international project i have begun to sleep better at night.
i am no longer afraid of nuclear war, because we are working together."
¶ one fine day with a woof and a purr ¶
¶ a baby was born and it caused a little stir ¶
¶ alone in the world was a little catdog... ¶ [captioning sponsored by the u.s. department of education and nickelodeon ]
¶ alone in the world was a little catdog. ¶ [captioned by the caption center wgbh educational foundation]
he journeyed the earth battling the minions of his wicked stepmother, hera, the all-powerful queen of the gods.
but wherever there was evil, wherever an innocent would suffer, there would be...
he fought by your side all his life because he believed in what you stood for.
if you don't make it back, he would have died for nothing.
if you've got something to say, you say it to me.
you'd gladly lead us to our death in your own quest.
the chalice was our only sustenance, and you let gilgamesh destroy it.
i had no choice but to find a new source of nourishment.
it's bad enough the gods won't let people lead their lives..., ...now, you won't even let them die in peace.
the world will be a better place without all of you.
it's easier for you to blame us for humans suffering than take responsibility yourself!
surely you must remember the look on your friend's face when he took his last breath.
you can no longer deny what you know in your heart.
you killed him, as surely as if you'd thrown the knife yourself.
hercules possessed a strength the world had never seen, a strength surpassed only by the power of his heart.
he journeyed the earth, battling the minions of his wicked stepmother, hera, the all-powerful queen of the gods.
don't you see, this is the last thing in the world he would have wanted?
he fought by your side all his life, because he believed in what you stood for.
if you don't make it back, he will have died for nothing.
if iolaus were in my place, he would do the same for me.
you give people hope when they don't have any of their own.
but if there's one thing that idoknow, you're gonna be fine.
the chalice was our only sustenance, and you let gilgamesh destroy it.
i had no choice but to find a new source of nourishment.
the world will be a better place without all of you.
it's easier for you to blame us for human suffering... than take responsibility yourself!
you can no longer deny what you know in your heart.
you killed him, as surely as if you'd thrown the knife yourself.
this is hans korda... a geneticist connected with the group who stole these codes.
the aborted mission not only failed to capture him... it exposed our intentions.
once we've secured funding for the eastern region... we have to make sure that we have to...
i was going to stop by later to thank you for your cooperation.
this is hans korda... a geneticist connected with the group|who stole these codes.
the aborted mission|not only failed to capture him... it exposed our intentions.
the big tree will live in our memory and travel with us!
the big tree, it has been watching us since our birth.
this story is so boring, it has no plot at all.
and besides, it really has no potential of moving an audience.
maybe she isn't but there has to be some connection to the drama club.
well, i understand you're having feelings for aya and the others.
so at the time there was a big argument between the fire captain and the police.
but, since the chairman was dead, there was no further investigation.
the homonculus was made without any human contact, it's so pure!
the homonculus has no sin, as did the people who were in eden!
tonight, after travelling so many light years... the great five stars of death will appear in the sky.
tonight, the sun will set in the gate of fire, and time will be filled.
tonight, the one who receives grace from the ancient gods... will face the great moment.
we make ourselves as angels, and dedicate ourselves to the ancient gods!
i make myself as an angel i dedicate myself to the god of the wind, huster.
i make myself as an angel i dedicate myself to the god of the underworld, tsatugua.
i make myself as an angel i dedicate myself to the god of chaos, nialratohotepu.
i make myself as an angel i dedicate myself to the god of water, dagon.
i make myself as an angel i dedicate myself to the god of the black goat, shupunigras.
i make myself as an angel i dedicate myself to the sleeping god, cthulu.
your duty is to deliver the sacrificed spirits to our god.
that's the ceremony of our homonculus creation... by the weitly family!
what's so wrong with wishing to be a real human being !
hurting and betraying others... makes only a sinful and tainted creature!
when you throw this flower away... your memory of all that has happened will be erased.
things you don't want to know will be gone from your memory forever.
unfortunately, the other member of the committee liked "poetry bash," submitted by sabrina spellman.
so there will be a brief campaign, and you students will vote.
i'm trying to find a potion that will make zelda realize how awful willard really is.
then she'll break up with him, and he can get back to the painful, but necessary task of getting over me.
we were in salem's toy spaceship and we flew up her nose.
if there had been boogers involved, we wouldn't be having this conversation.
where are we gonna go, a day trip through the gallbladder?
hi, honey, i'd love to stay here with you, but, uh, i've gotta give my speech.
...where the women come and go, talking of early-bird specials at coco's.
o westbridge, you tempt me with your soft spring mornings, your grease-saturated clam cakes, your bread-crumb coatings...
yes, nog has lost a leg, but nothing you say will be worse than what he's gone through.
just be happy to see him and tell him you love him.
i've spent the last three weeks talking about my feelings with the counsellors on starbase 235.
to tell you the truth, i'm a little sick of it.
but nog might be subconsciously seeking out his own form of therapy.
sorry, but moving into a holosuite isn't my idea of therapy.
i had no idea how much it means to just live.
now i'm going to return the favour and give you your life back.
i don't know what's going to happen to you out there.
all i can tell you is that you've got to play the cards life deals you.
yes, nog has lost a leg, but nothing you say will be worse than what he's gone through.
just be happy to see him and tell him you love him.
and if i put my full weight on it, it hurts more.
so i have to limp and that means i need to walk with a cane.
# i'll be looking at the moon but i'll be seeing you
# i'll find you in the morning sun and when the night is new
but i began to think that this might be a good sign.
how can hiding in one of julian's programs be a good sign?
# life is a beautiful thing as long as i hold that string
# i'd be a silly so-and-so if i should ever let it go
# but it wouldn't be make-believe if you believed in me
# no, it wouldn't be make-believe if you believed in me #
i had no idea how much it means to just live.
now i'm going to return the favour and give you your life back.
i don't know what's going to happen to you out there.
all i can tell you is that you've got to play the cards life deals you.
yes, nog has lost a leg, but nothing you say will be worse than what he's gone through.
just be happy to see him and tell him you love him.
julian and miles have become more obsessed with their alamo program.
i half expect miles to start wearing a coonskin cap to work.
davy crockett wore this cap made of raccoon skin... i know the program.
we've covered just about everything you missed while you were away.
i've spent the last three weeks talking about my feelings with the counsellors on starbase 235.
to tell you the truth, i'm a little sick of it.
but i began to think that this might be a good sign.
how can hiding in one of julian's programs be a good sign?
sorry. i'm having trouble getting the las vegas program to run.
vic's matrix is a little different than your standard photokinetic hologram.
i don't know what's going to happen to you out there.
all i can tell you is that you've got to play the cards life deals you.
two weeks ago the gold was confiscated because his lordship didn't bother to apply for the permit.
the day before yesterday he found out there was no money to pay the bank and we had to mortgage of the shop.
i won't help a faggot who got conned by some bitch.
if you want to please the peroxide jeweller, kill the bloke yourself.
lord, fount and origin of infinite mercy, remind us how brief life is, and uncertain the hour of death.
let the holy spirit guide us, that we may live in justice and righteousness, as long as we live.
may we live in the light of faith and the communion of love, that we may one day enter, rejoicing into your kingdom.
may we resurrect as is resurrected our brother marcolino, into eternal life.
we're gonna kill some elk and we're gonna kill mountain goats.
now the new law passed by colorado legislature which ned and i call pussy law #4 states that we can no longer kill animals in defense.
if we don't hunt, these animals will grow to big in their number and they won't have enough food.
so you see, we have to kill animals, or else they'll die.
children for the next few days we'll be learning all about vietnam.
chances are that somebody in your own lives was affected by this incredible war.
now as you all know the mexican staring frog of southern srilanka can supposedly kill you with one hoard daze.
if the person even so much as looks into the frog's eyes, they can be paralyzed or even die.
well sure vietnam was fun, but not like going to the circus fun, or fly fishin' in montana fun.
no, vietnam was more like shoving shards of broken glass up your ass, and then sitting' in a tub with tobasco sauce fun.
now the bad guys have been spotted about 10 clicks north of here.
i know that you and kurns are best suited to take em out.
and after killing the entire vietcong army, they returned to base camp.
once there they rode the devil's drop rollercoaster, and ate cotton candy.
why would he just invent a story instead of telling us the truth?
well let's see maybe because he's an old drunk hillbilly dick!
yes now we're about to roll the film but remember, if you look the mexican staring frog in the eyes, you can go catatonick.
we don't know if this applies to pictures of the frog or not, but who wants to take chances?
- unless we can prove to the world that the whole things is a sham.
if we prove that the mexican staring frog from southern sri lanka is just something made up by jimbo and ned we can have them taken off the air perhaps even killed!
all they said was that they saw the mexican staring frog just south of stark's pond this morning.
hey ned, remember that time we got that anonymous tip back in nam?
we had a bad ass rollercoaster, but all we ever wanted was a log ride.
we waited and we waited, but they never built us one.
hello fellow hunters, have we got a show for you today.
the mexican staring frog is sunning itself on a rock directly behind us.
you kids, i didn't bring you on this show to be boring!
- somebody get pissed off and throw a chair and ned here!
well we only did it cause jimbo lied to us first.
we had this report on the vietnam war for school, and we interviewed jimbo about it and he made up all this stuff about vietnam and he got us in trouble.
hey now, everything i told you boys about the war, actually happened.
mr.garrison said that there was no way that you could've defeated the entire vietcong army by yourself.
- yeah then she told us to throw a chair at ned.
yeah i didn't wanna do it jesus, they made me do that.
i'll just take him home and show him some good hard core porn, he'll snap right out of it, won't you ned?
i want to appologize to all of you for what happened in there.
now the new law passed by colorado legislature which ned and i call pussy law #4 states that we can no longer kill animals in defense.
in otherwords our old line of "it's coming right for us"
so now we only kill animals to quote "thin out their numbers".
if we don't hunt, these animals will grow to big in their number and they won't have enough food.
a question a child might ask, but not a childish question.
children for the next few days we'll be learning all about vietnam.
one of our loyal viewers from south park, sent us some 8 millimeter film of what he claims to be the mexican staring frog of southern sri lanka.
now as you all know the mexican staring frog of southern srilanka can supposedly kill you with one hoard daze.
if the person even so much as looks into the frog's eyes, they can be paralyzed or even die.
and this film proves that that frog may very well exist.
once there they rode the devil's drop rollercoaster, and ate cotton candy.
and ultimately, ned got the purple heart for his courageous defense of the log ride.
we've just received a tape from another viewer who filmed the mexican staring frog of southern srilanka right here in south park.
yes now we're about to roll the film but remember, if you look the mexican staring frog in the eyes, you can go catatonick.
we don't know if this applies to pictures of the frog or not, but who wants to take chances?
so when we roll this film, be sure to look away.
undeniable proof that the mexican staring frog of southern srilanka exists.
and you saw it here on the jimbo and ned show.
- yay my children, i am the way and the light.
- you've seen jesus and pals, now you've got to get the video.
we waited and we waited, but they never built us one.
i think danforth wanted the log ride more than anybody, but he, he had to settle with that lame dinosaur water adventure ride.
look at all the pain and suffering your lie has caused.
well we only did it cause jimbo lied to us first.
we had this report on the vietnam war for school, and we interviewed jimbo about it and he made up all this stuff about vietnam and he got us in trouble.
hey now, everything i told you boys about the war, actually happened.
i want to appologize to all of you for what happened in there.
in our competition for ratings we all lost sight of why we got into showbusiness in the first place.
we're gonna kill some elk and we're gonna kill mountain goats.
now the new law passed by colorado legislature which ned and i call pussy law #4 states that we can no longer kill animals in defense.
if we don't hunt, these animals will grow to big in their number and they won't have enough food.
so you see, we have to kill animals, or else they'll die.
children for the next few days we'll be learning all about vietnam.
chances are that somebody in your own lives was affected by this incredible war.
now as you all know the mexican staring frog of southern srilanka can supposedly kill you with one hoard daze.
if the person even so much as looks into the frog's eyes, they can be paralyzed or even die.
well sure vietnam was fun, but not like going to the circus fun, or fly fishin' in montana fun.
no, vietnam was more like shoving shards of broken glass up your ass, and then sitting' in a tub with tobasco sauce fun.
now the bad guys have been spotted about 10 clicks north of here.
i know that you and kurns are best suited to take em out.
and after killing the entire vietcong army, they returned to base camp.
once there they rode the devil's drop rollercoaster, and ate cotton candy.
why would he just invent a story instead of telling us the truth?
well let's see maybe because he's an old drunk hillbilly dick!
yes now we're about to roll the film but remember, if you look the mexican staring frog in the eyes, you can go catatonick.
we don't know if this applies to pictures of the frog or not, but who wants to take chances?
- unless we can prove to the world that the whole things is a sham.
if we prove that the mexican staring frog from southern sri lanka is just something made up by jimbo and ned we can have them taken off the air perhaps even killed!
all they said was that they saw the mexican staring frog just south of stark's pond this morning.
hey ned, remember that time we got that anonymous tip back in nam?
we had a bad ass rollercoaster, but all we ever wanted was a log ride.
we waited and we waited, but they never built us one.
hello fellow hunters, have we got a show for you today.
the mexican staring frog is sunning itself on a rock directly behind us.
you kids, i didn't bring you on this show to be boring!
- somebody get pissed off and throw a chair and ned here!
well we only did it cause jimbo lied to us first.
we had this report on the vietnam war for school, and we interviewed jimbo about it and he made up all this stuff about vietnam and he got us in trouble.
hey now, everything i told you boys about the war, actually happened.
mr.garrison said that there was no way that you could've defeated the entire vietcong army by yourself.
- yeah then she told us to throw a chair at ned.
yeah i didn't wanna do it jesus, they made me do that.
i'll just take him home and show him some good hard core porn, he'll snap right out of it, won't you ned?
i want to appologize to all of you for what happened in there.
i've come to potomac maryland in search of a man known as crazy eddie.
he publishes a web page on the internet called the paranoid times.
a document that seeks to expose the evil conspiracies and dirty little secrets of those who hold power.
the mast head on crazy eddie's web page says 'believe the unbelievable'.
it's alien hunters like you that give guys like me a bad rep.
why don't you stop watching the x-files and get yourself a life?
i don't like you, i don't trust you, i don't believe in you.
i'm not gonna drop all my important work and pick up some cockamamie stories about little green men.
doomed to shadows with his brethren or savior to all who walk the ground.
i thought i'd read every quatrain that nostradamus ever wrote, but never these.
his lab of sophisticated equipment will help us analyze exactly what makes our little golf ball tick.
back in '82, the government ran a program to use dolphins as delivery systems for small nuclear warheads.
look in the dictionary under greedy you'll see a picture of roland.
i put the object in a tank with a dense electromagnetic field.
if you were an advanced team of aliens sent here to spy, how would you get here?
what if your planet was too far away to come here by ship?
on the seventh dawn of the seventh day, a twice-blessed man will roam the fields.
doomed to shadows with his brethren or savior to all who walk the ground.
whenever something weird is going on you're gonna find cade foster.
with the help of my friend, eddie nambulous, what i find will fill the pages of paranoid times.
maybe it will be a rode map for others, in the months and years ahead.
cause we got a long way to go if we're gonna save this earth.
i just embrace it as part of living in new york.
all right, both of you face down on the floor, and shut up.
hey, mike, regarding my bachelor party tonight, will there be any kind of a dress code?
it doesn't really matter what you're wearing when you get there.
by midnight you're gonna be wearing a g-string and a big sombrero.
at 11:59, someone remind me to claw my own eyes out.
i've seen enough both good and bad to know that whatever happens,
i just embrace it as part of living in new york.
i just wish i could say i was at the same point in my life.
but, unfortunately for me, dating one beautiful woman after another is just too addictive.
you'd be surprised how many cars will throw a drink on you.
yeah, but once i'm married, well, i-i won't even be noticing other cars.
you can either let this own you, or you can rise above it.
why did you move to new york in the first place?
[ chuckling ] come on, how am i supposed to become a cook?
just pickyour favorite restaurant, walk on in there... and tell them you're willing to start at the bottom.
i-i just want to learn to prepare food for people to make them happy.
you go to harvard, you go to stanford law, nowyou want to make sushi?
doyou realize howyou have absolutely made my life a living hell?
is this stuffyou already told me, or is this new stuff?
ifyou would all please just excuse me, i'd like to speakwith dharma for a moment.
you know, kitty, with some bangs, you would look a lot less severe.
we build communities, we shape policy... we fund the arts, we employ thousands of people.
and it is ourjob, as montgomerywomen... to protect and to pass on this tradition.
i don't care who bangs who... what cabinet officers get stoned.
but this is the richest, most powerful nation on earth, and therefore the most hated.
and now, uh-- now we got pintero's goons down there tuning up my people.
well, first off, that's a hobbs act violation, probably a rico.
um, no, it would take years to see that thing through.
besides, these people have families that are living through this every day.
this accident comes at a very untimely juncture... since the congressman was working on a controversial piece of legislation, dale... opposing the telecommunications security and privacy act.
fire officials do tell me that it appears the congressman... was by himself in the car.
in fact, the congressman endured open-heart surgery just a couple of years ago.
homicide investigators have told me they did find a bottle of pills in his lap.
it contains a motion-activated... digital video camera with a compound lens.
it was aimed directly at the boat ramp across the lake.
- thirty months in a federal penitentiary... at marion, illinois, for a gvh-1-- on your gunnery sergeant-- what's that about?
the guy was an asshole, sir, and he deserved it, if you'll excuse me.
you may be able to see it here, being removed in the background.
now, fire and police officials aren't saying much at this point.
you may know that the congressman suffers from a heart condition.
homicide investigators have told me that they did find a bottle of pills in his lap.
that might mean that the congressman-- and i speculate here-- may have suffered a heart attack before going into the lockraven reservoir.
i am also told that there was no one in the car with him at the time of the--
zavitz is speaking to a lenny bloom... a former anti-war activist.
he publishes a variety of left-wing newsletters on various political subjects.
i was going to, but she's too busy yelling at the tv.
oh, well, there goes the fourth amendment-- what's left of it.
honey, i think you're taking it seriously enough for both of us... and half the people on the block.
tens of millions of foreign nationals living within our borders... and many of these people consider the united states their enemy.
eric, just call me in the morning when you want me to come pick you up.
you know, if you decide you want to stay at dylan's till the end of the weekend... or the end of the century, your mom and i have discussed it.
- well, her deposits aren't the same, but let me figure this out.
ah, yes, they're exactly-- exactly 15 percent of the amount dean withdrew.
i've seen killers walk free because the eyewitness was an alcoholic.
i've seen sex offenders that couldn't be touched because the victim was a call girl.
dean's got the tape, and he's gonna come out with it; and when he does, i want his credibility.
i want people to know he's lying before they hear what he says.
we'd have the police and the fbi all over this in 24 hours.
put taps on his 20 most frequently called numbers, and let's get into his life.
i want to know about his wife, i want to know about his parents...
i want to know about his gambling problems, his urine samples, his porno rentals.
i just got off the phone with a source that i trust.
a grand jury is being convened to look into your labour practise... as far back as the electrical workers' strike.
i love my wife, and i love my son absolutely... with no equivocations, and that's none of your fuckin' business either-
uh, we think that you should take a leave of absence... until we're able to, uh, sort all this out.
all right, we're moving into phase two of the training op.
selb's gonna brief you on it, so listen up, all right?
actually, i believe the slur "shyster"... is generally reserved for jewish attorneys.
i believe the proper slur for someone like myself... would be, uh, "eggplant."
but this is not the time for the "l told you so" speech.
that day when daniel zavitz got hit by the fire truck, he was running.
- look, l-l have a question i need to ask you... and it is absolutely imperative that you tell me the truth.
now, no matter what you say, i swear to you, you are not going to get in trouble.
these are the parametrics for the space vehicle during data acquisition.
can we take a look at this guy who's helping him?
you know the hubble telescope that looks up at the stars?
they've got over a hundred spy satellites looking down at us.
the, uh, president has not committed himself... but he does recognize that we do need something in this area.
and i think he will come to see that this bill will, in the end... provide the kind of security that this--
- might be able to piggyback it on top of this.
- how the hell am i supposed to know what it is?
i want to know who authorized its use... who checked it out from inventory... and for what purpose.
most important, how on god's green earth... it got into congressman albert's hotel room.
if this was a legit op... and i can't possibly see how it could be, then so be it.
but if this was somebody's unilateral wet dream... then that somebody is going to prison.
now, if these guys are good, and they're probably very good, in a location like this... they'll have you in five, six minutes.
so let's say in four minutes time, after you turn that tape on... regardless of what's happening, you get out that door.
does everybody here know that you killed phil hamersly and rachel banks?
this guy is going down, and he's going to take all of you with him.
now, we can go get a warrant and come back with the fbi, take anything we want... arrest anybody that we want-- just give the man the videotape.
hey, only one gonna get arrested here is you, for felonious cocksucking... with an attempt to swallow the evidence, so shut your mouth.
but this is the richest, most powerful nation on earth, and therefore the most hated.
and you and i know what the average citizen does not, that we are at war 24 hours of every day.
now we got pintero's goons down there tuning up my people.
well, first off, that's a hobbs act violation, probably a rico.
but then larry cash came in and he went after them.
larry cash is in the hospital, with a broken jaw and a ruptured kidney.
besides, these people have families that are living through this every day.
hey, julie, can we send a case of chianti over to larry cash?
homicide investigators have told me they did find a bottle of pills in his lap.
that might mean that the congressman, and i speculate here, may have suffered a heart attack before going into the loch raven reservoir.
you may be able to see it here, being removed in the background.
now, fire and police officials aren't saying much at this point.
you may know that the congressman suffers from a heart condition.
homicide investigators have told me that they did find a bottle of pills in his lap.
that might mean that the congressman, and i speculate here, may have suffered a heart attack before going into the loch raven reservoir.
i am also told that there was no one in the car ...
zavitz is speaking to a lenny bloom, a former anti-war activist.
he publishes a variety of left-wing newsletters on various political subjects.
i was going to, but she's too busy yelling at the tv.
oh, well, there goes the fourth amendment, what's left of it.
you know, if you decide you want to stay at dylan's till the end of the weekend or the end of the century, your mom and i have discussed it.
it'll be difficult initially, but we think we can live with it.
dean, over the past 18 months, has four, five, seven, cash withdrawals of 4,000, 5,000, and up, and up.
and each time, the delectable miss banks makes large cash deposits of her own within a day or two.
i've seen killers walk free because the eyewitness was an alcoholic.
i've seen sex offenders that couldn't be touched because the victim was a call girl.
i want to know about his gambling problems, his urine samples, his porno rentals.
i want to use every means possible to get what we need.
they claim you helped create a shell company for sam villotti in zurich.
and through your continuing relationship, the peitso family has been able to exert influence and provide false witness to discredit our case.
i love my wife, and i love my son absolutely, with no equivocations, and that's none of your fucking business either.
we think that you should take a leave of absence until we're able to sort all this out.
actually, i believe the slur "shyster" is generally reserved for jewish attorneys.
i believe, the proper slur for someone like myself would be "eggplant."
but this is not the time for the "i told you so" speech.
that day when daniel zavitz got hit by the fire truck, he was running.
these are the parametrics for the space vehicle during data acquisition.
can we take a look at this guy who's helping him?
you know the hubble telescope that looks up to the stars?
they've got over a hundred spy satellites looking down at us.
the president has not committed himself, but he does recognise that we do need something in this area.
and i think he will come to see that this bill will, in the end, provide the kind of security that this ...
i want to know who authorised its use, who checked it out from inventory, and for what purpose.
most important, how on god's green earth it got into congressman albert's hotel room.
if this was a legit op, and i can't possibly see how it could be, then so be it.
but if this was somebody's unilateral wet dream, then that somebody is going to prison.
to be safe, they'll try to scan all the frequencies to try to track you down.
if these guys are good, and they're probably very good, in a location like this, they'll have you in five, six minutes.
ten-year-olds go on the net, downloading encryption we can barely break, not to mention instructions on how to make a low-yield nuclear device.
privacy's been dead for 30 years because we can't risk it.
does everybody here know that you killed phil hamersly and rachel banks?
this guy is going down, and he's going to take all of you with him.
they let brill go, you take the tape home, everyone has a merry christmas.
what assurances do i have that you haven't copied that tape?
now, we can go get a warrant and come back with the f.b.i., take anything we want, arrest anybody that we want, just give the man the videotape.
only one gonna get arrested here is you for felonious cocksucking with an attempt to swallow the evidence.
look, i don't care who bangs who, what cabinet officers get stoned.
we are the richest, most powerful nation on earth, and the most hated.
but this is our own goddamned union leadership tryin' to railroad us into signing some sweetheart contract.
look, everybody knows that the mob has been controlling these guys since as long as i can remember.
and now we got pintero's goons down there tuning up my people.
well, first off, that's a hobbs act violation, probably a rico.
at the lockraven reservoir police and fire officials are in the process of removing a classic mercedes owned by republican congressman phillip hamersly.
you may be able to see it here in the background.
homicide investigators have told me that they did find a bottle of pills in his lap.
that might mean that the congressman - and i speculate here - may have suffered a heart attack before going into the reservoir.
eric, just call me in the morning when you want me to come pick you up.
if you decide you want to stay at dylan's till the end of the weekend or... the end of the century, we have discussed it.
i've seen sex offenders saved because the victim was a call girl.
credibility is the only currency that means anything on this kind of playing field.
i just got off the phone with a source that i trust.
a grand jury is being convened to look into your labour practice as far back as the electrical workers' strike.
lntelligence is cheaper, faster and more effective and far more socially acceptable than direct military intervention.
we must decide which of them best serves the long-term interests of this great democracy in which we live.
well, first, you haven't told him who made the tape, and second, we've spent hundreds of thousands of dollars on shyster lawyers just like you because of shyster lawyers just like you.
actually, i believe the slur "shyster" is generally reserved for jewish attorneys.
rachel, don't you see that he is the key to this whole mess?
from the second you gave me that tape, my life has fallen apart.
these are the parametrics for the space vehicle during data acquisition.
can we take a look at this guy who's helping him?
the president has not committed himself, but he does recognise that we do need something in this area.
i think he will come to see that this bill will, in the end, provide the kind of security that this...
i want to know who authorised its use, who checked it out from inventory, and for what purpose.
most important, how on god's green earth it got into congressman albert's hotel room.
if this was a legit op, and i can't possibly see how it could be, then so be it.
but if this was somebody's unilateral wet dream, then that somebody is going to prison.
to be safe, they'll try to scan all the frequencies to try to track you down.
if these guys are good, and they're very good, in a location like this, they'll have you in five, six minutes.
ten-year-olds go on the net, download encryption we can barely break, not to mention instructions on how to make a low-yield nuclear device.
privacy's been dead for 30 years because we can't risk it.
does everybody here know that you killed phil hamersly and rachel banks?
this guy is going down, and he's gonna take all of you with him.
we can go get a warrant and come back with the fbi, take anything we want, arrest anybody that we want - just give the man the videotape.
only you will get arrested, for felonious cocksucking with an attempt to swallow the evidence.
i don't care who bangs who... what cabinet officers get stoned.
but this is the richest, most powerful nation on earth, and therefore the most hated.
and now, uh- now we got pintero's goons down there tuning up my people.
well, first off, that's a hobbs act violation, probably a rico.
um, no, it would take years to see that thing through.
besides, these people have families that are living through this every day.
i would like my clients to be able to exercise their constitutional rights.
and if that happens, that tape will disappear forever into my private collection... along with the zapruder film and the porno from hitler's bunker.
homicide investigators have told me they did find a bottle of pills in his lap.
that might mean that the congressman- and i speculate here- may have suffered a heart attack before going into the lockraven reservoir.
i'm standing by live at the lockraven reservoir... right now, where police and fire officials are in the process of removing... a classic mercedes owned by republican congressman phillip hamersly.
you may be able to see it here, being removed in the background.
i have been told that the congressman... was alone in the vehicle when this accident happened just under an hour ago.
you may know that the congressman suffers from a heart condition.
homicide investigators have told me that they did find a bottle of pills in his lap.
that might mean that the congressman- and i speculate here- may have suffered a heart attack before going into the lockraven reservoir.
i was going to, but she's too busy yelling at the tv.
oh, well, there goes the fourth amendment- what's left of it.
- you know, bobby, i think you should take this more seriously.
honey, i think you're taking it seriously enough for both of us... and half the people on the block.
you know, if you decide you want to stay at dylan's till the end of the weekend... or the end of the century, your mom and i have discussed it.
it'll be difficult initially, but we think we can live with it.
it's just that we're handling a different aspect of the inquiry.
um, it turns out mr zavitz was involved in an extortion scheme.
- it's the only currency that means anything on this kind of playing field.
dean's got the tape, and he's gonna come out with it; and when he does, i want his credibility.
i want to know about his gambling problems, his urine samples, his porno rentals.
i want to use every means possible to get what we need... because this little son of a bitch is not going to be the final chapter of my life.
i love my wife, and i love my son absolutely... with no equivocations, and that's none of your fuckin' business either-
uh, we think that you should take a leave of absence... until we're able to, uh, sort all this out.
all right, we're moving into phase two of the training op.
selb's gonna brief you on it, so listen up, all right?
actually, i believe the slur "shyster"... is generally reserved for jewish attorneys.
i believe the proper slur for someone like myself... would be, uh, "eggplant. "
- look, i-i have a question i need to ask you... and it is absolutely imperative that you tell me the truth.
now, no matter what you say, i swear to you, you are not going to get in trouble.
these are the parametrics for the space vehicle during data acquisition.
can we take a look at this guy who's helping him?
you know the hubble telescope that looks up at the stars?
they've got over a hundred spy satellites looking down at us.
the, uh, president has not committed himself... but he does recognize that we do need something in this area.
and i think he will come to see that this bill will, in the end... provide the kind of security that this-
- might be able to piggyback it on top of this.
- how the hell am i supposed to know what it is?
i want to know who authorized its use... who checked it out from inventory... and for what purpose.
most important, how on god's green earth... it got into congressman albert's hotel room.
if this was a legit op... and i can't possibly see how it could be, then so be it.
but if this was somebody's unilateral wet dream... then that somebody is going to prison.
now, if these guys are good, and they're probably very good, in a location like this... they'll have you in five, six minutes.
so let's say in four minutes time, after you turn that tape on... regardless of what's happening, you get out that door.
ten-year-olds go on the net, downloading encryption we can barely break, not to mention...
- aw, shit. - instructions on how to make a low-yield nuclear device.
privacy's been dead for 30 years because we can't risk it.
the only privacy that's left is the inside of your head, and maybe that's enough.
does everybody here know that you killed phil hamersly and rachel banks?
this guy is going down, and he's going to take all of you with him.
ooh, you're gonna need to get a tan on those things.
congressman sam albert, how do we draw the line- draw the line... between protection of national security... obviously the government's need to obtain intelligence data... and the protection of civil liberties, particularly the sanctity of my home?
look, i don't care who bangs who, what cabinet officers get stoned.
but this is the richest, most powerful nation on earth, and therefore the most hated.
but this is our own goddamned union leadership... tryin' to railroad us into signing some sweetheart contract.
look, everybody knows... that the mob has been controlling these guys since as long as i can remember.
besides, these people have families that are living through this every day.
hey, julie, can we send a case of chianti over to larry cash?
[clears throat] brill's note said that... this is the videotape you need to convince pintero with.
and watch out for the f.b.i. brill says the place is under surveillance.
i would like my clients to be able to exercise their constitutional rights.
and if that happens, that tape will disappear forever into my private collection, along with the zapruder film and the porno from hitler's bunker.
[woman #2] this accident comes at a very untimely juncture, since the congressman was working on a controversial piece of legislation, dale, opposing the telecommunications security and privacy act.
fire officials do tell me that it appears the congressman... was by himself in the car.
[woman #1] i understand there was a history of heart problems.
[woman #2] there was, in fact, a history of heart problems.
in fact, the congressman endured open-heart surgery just a couple of years ago.
homicide investigators have told me they did find a bottle of pills in his lap.
it contains a motion-activated... digital video camera with a compound lens.
it was aimed directly at the boat ramp across the lake.
- [hicks] thirty months in a federal penitentiary... at marion, illinois, for a g.v.h. -1... on your gunnery sergeant... what's that about?
the guy was an asshole, sir, and he deserved it, if you'll excuse me.
[woman reporter] i'm standing by live at the lockraven reservoir... right now, where police and fire officials are in the process of removing... a classic mercedes owned by republican congressman phillip hamersly.
you may be able to see it here, being removed in the background.
i have been told that the congressman... was alone in the vehicle when this accident happened just under an hour ago.
you may know that the congressman suffers from a heart condition.
zavitz is speaking to a lenny bloom, a former anti-war activist.
he publishes a variety of left-wing newsletters on various political subjects.
you know, if you decide you want to stay at dylan's... till the end of the weekend or the end of the century, your mom and i have discussed it.
it'll be difficult initially, but we think we can live with it.
i've seen killers walk free... because the eyewitness was an alcoholic.
i've seen sex offenders that couldn't be touched because the victim was a call girl.
i want to know about his gambling problems, his urine samples, his porno rentals.
i want to use every means possible to get what we need.
they claim you helped create a shell company for sam villotti in zurich.
and through your continuing relationship, the peitso family has been able... to exert influence and provide false witness to discredit our case.
i love my wife, and i love my son... absolutely, with no equivocations, and that's none of your fuckin' business either.
uh, we think that you should take a leave of absence... until we're able to, uh, sort all this out.
actually, i believe the slur "shyster" is generally reserved... for jewish attorneys.
i believe the proper slur for someone like myself... would be, uh, "eggplant. "
rachel, don't you see that he is the key to this whole mess?
from the second you gave me that tape, my life has been falling apart.
that day when daniel zavitz got hit by the fire truck, he was running.
the people that were chasing him, that's the people that are chasing me.
these are the parametrics for the space vehicle during data acquisition.
can we take a look at this guy who's helping him?
you're talking on the phone and you use the word, "bomb," "president," "allah,"
any of a hundred key words, the computer recognizes it, automatically records it, red flags it for analysis; that was 20 years ago.
you know the hubble telescope that looks up to the stars?
they've got over a hundred spy satellites looking down at us.
so, we were helping the secret police supply weapons... to the afghani rebels fighting the soviets.
my partner and i were on the eastern border monitoring soviet military transmissions.
the president has not committed himself, but he does recognize that we do need something in this area.
and i think he will come to see that this bill will, in the end, provide the kind of security that this...
i want to know who authorized its use, who checked it out from inventory, and for what purpose.
most important, how on god's green earth... it got into congressman albert's hotel room.
if this was a legit op, and i can't possibly see how it could be, then so be it.
but if this was somebody's unilateral wet dream, then that somebody is going to prison.
to be safe, they'll try to scan all the frequencies... to try to track you down.
if these guys are good, and they're probably very good, in a location like this, they'll have you in five, six minutes.
ten-year-olds go on the net, downloading encryption we can barely break, not to mention instructions on how to make a low-yield nuclear device.
privacy's been dead for 30 years because we can't risk it.
does everybody here know that you killed phil hamersly and rachel banks?
this guy is going down, and he's going to take all of you with him.
they let brill go, you take the tape home, everyone has a merry christmas.
what assurances do i have that you haven't copied that tape?
but this is the richest, most powerful nation on earth, and therefore the most hated.
and you and i know what the average citizen does not:
look, everybody knows... that the mob has been controlling these guys since as long as i can remember.
and now we got pintero's goons... down there tuning up my people.
i'm standing by live at the lockraven reservoir... right now, where police and fire officials are in the process of removing... a classic mercedes owned by republican congressman phillip hamersly.
you may be able to see it here, being removed in the background.
i have been told that the congressman... was alone in the vehicle when this accident happened just under an hour ago.
you may know that the congressman suffers from a heart condition.
and i speculate here... may have suffered a heart attack before going into the lockraven reservoir.
i am also told that there was no one in the car...
zavitz is speaking to a lenny bloom, a former anti-war activist.
he publishes a variety of left-wing newsletters on various political subjects.
honey, i think you're taking it seriously enough for both of us, and half the people on the block.
tens of millions of foreign nationals living within our borders, and many of these people consider the united states their enemy.
eric, just call me in the morning when you want me to come pick you up.
you know, if you decide you want to stay at dylan's... till the end of the weekend or the end of the century, your mom and i have discussed it.
- well, her deposits aren't the same, but let me figure this out.
oh, yes, they're exactly... exactly 15% of the amount dean withdrew.
i've seen killers walk free... because the eyewitness was an alcoholic.
i've seen sex offenders that couldn't be touched because the victim was a call girl.
i want to know about his gambling problems, his urine samples, his porno rentals.
i want to use every means possible to get what we need.
they claim you helped create a shell company for sam villotti in zurich.
and through your continuing relationship, the peitso family has been able... to exert influence and provide false witness to discredit our case.
i love my wife, and i love my son... absolutely, with no equivocations, and that's none of your fuckin' business either.
we think that you should take a leave of absence... until we're able to sort all this out.
actually, i believe the slur "shyster" is generally reserved... for jewish attorneys.
i believe the proper slur for someone like myself... would be "eggplant. "
that day when daniel zavitz got hit by the fire truck, he was running.
the people that were chasing him, that's the people that are chasing me.
these are the parametrics for the space vehicle during data acquisition.
can we take a look at this guy who's helping him?
you're talking on the phone and you use the word, "bomb," "president," "allah,"
any of a hundred key words, the computer recognizes it, automatically records it, red flags it for analysis; that was 20 years ago.
you know the hubble telescope that looks up to the stars?
they've got over a hundred spy satellites looking down at us.
so, we were helping the secret police supply weapons... to the afghani rebels fighting the soviets.
my partner and i were on the eastern border monitoring soviet military transmissions.
if these guys are good, and they're probably very good, in a location like this, they'll have you in five, six minutes.
so in four minutes time, after you turn that tape on, regardless of what's happening, you get out that door.
now we've got ten million crackpots out there with sniper scopes, sarin gas and c-4.
ten-year-olds go on the net, downloading encryption we can barely break, not to mention instructions on how to make a low-yield nuclear device.
privacy's been dead for 30 years because we can't risk it.
the only privacy that's left is the inside of your head.
they let brill go, you take the tape home, everyone has a merry christmas.
what assurances do i have that you haven't copied that tape?
but this is the richest, most powerful nation on earth, and therefore the most hated.
and you and i know what the average citizen does not:
i've got three major employers... in the syracuse area alone who are gonna get just killed by this bill.
i promise to get you funds equal to or greater than... whatever those companies gave your last campaign.
- look, everybody knows... that, that the mob has been controlling these guys since, since as long as i can remember.
and now, uh-- now we got pintero's goons down there tuning up my people.
um, no, it would take years to see that thing through.
besides, these people have families that are living through this every day.
this accident comes at a very untimely juncture... since the congressman was working on a controversial piece of legislation, dale... opposing the telecommunications security and privacy act.
fire officials do tell me that it appears the congressman... was by himself in the car.
in fact, the congressman endured open-heart surgery just a couple of years ago.
homicide investigators have told me they did find a bottle of pills in his lap.
it contains a motion-activated... digital video camera with a compound lens.
it was aimed directly at the boat ramp across the lake.
- thirty months in a federal penitentiary... at marion, illinois, for a gvh-1-- on your gunnery sergeant-- what's that about?
the guy was an asshole, sir, and he deserved it, if you'll excuse me.
you may be able to see it here, being removed in the background.
now, fire and police officials aren't saying much at this point.
you may know that the congressman suffers from a heart condition.
homicide investigators have told me that they did find a bottle of pills in his lap.
that might mean that the congressman-- and i speculate here-- may have suffered a heart attack before going into the lockraven reservoir.
i am also told that there was no one in the car with him at the time of the--
zavitz is speaking to a lenny bloom... a former anti-war activist.
he publishes a variety of left-wing newsletters on various political subjects.
- you know, bobby, i think you should take this more seriously.
honey, i think you're taking it seriously enough for both of us... and half the people on the block.
you know, if you decide you want to stay at dylan's till the end of the weekend... or the end of the century, your mom and i have discussed it.
it'll be difficult initially, but we think we can live with it.
it's just that we're handling a different aspect of the inquiry.
um, it turns out mr zavitz was involved in an extortion scheme.
i've seen killers walk free because the eyewitness was an alcoholic.
i've seen sex offenders that couldn't be touched because the victim was a call girl.
dean's got the tape, and he's gonna come out with it; and when he does, i want his credibility.
i want people to know he's lying before they hear what he says.
we'd have the police and the fbi all over this in 24 hours.
put taps on his 20 most frequently called numbers, and let's get into his life.
i want to know about his wife, i want to know about his parents...
i want to know about his gambling problems, his urine samples, his porno rentals.
- none of my fucking business- you're damn right it's not-
i love my wife, and i love my son absolutely... with no equivocations, and that's none of your fuckin' business either-
all right, we're moving into phase two of the training op.
selb's gonna brief you on it, so listen up, all right?
actually, i believe the slur "shyster"... is generally reserved for jewish attorneys.
i believe the proper slur for someone like myself... would be, uh, "eggplant."
rachel, don't you see that he is the key to this whole mess?
from the second you gave me that tape, my life has been falling apart.
the national security agency conducts worldwide surveillance-- fax, phones, satellite communication.
they're the only ones in the country, including the military, who could possibly have anything like this.
you stay away from rachel and you stay away from me.
you come near either one of us, i'm gonna kill you.
but this is not the time for the "l told you so" speech.
that day when daniel zavitz got hit by the fire truck, he was running.
- look, l-l have a question i need to ask you... and it is absolutely imperative that you tell me the truth.
now, no matter what you say, i swear to you, you are not going to get in trouble.
these are the parametrics for the space vehicle during data acquisition.
can we take a look at this guy who's helping him?
you know the hubble telescope that looks up at the stars?
they've got over a hundred spy satellites looking down at us.
now, to be safe, they'll also try... to scan all the frequencies to try to track you down.
now, if these guys are good, and they're probably very good, in a location like this... they'll have you in five, six minutes.
now we've got ten million crackpots out there with sniper scopes, sarin gas and c-4.
ten-year-olds go on the net, downloading encryption we can barely break, not to mention...
privacy's been dead for 30 years because we can't risk it.
the only privacy that's left is the inside of your head, and maybe that's enough.
but this is the richest, most powerful nation on earth, and therefore the most hated.
and you and i know what the average citizen does not:
i've got three major employers... in the syracuse area alone who are gonna get just killed by this bill.
i promise to get you funds equal to or greater than... whatever those companies gave your last campaign.
- look, everybody knows... that, that the mob has been controlling these guys since, since as long as i can remember.
and now, uh-- now we got pintero's goons down there tuning up my people.
- but then larry cash came in and he went after 'em.
- uh, larry cash is in the hospital... with a broken jaw and a ruptured kidney.
besides, these people have families that are living through this every day.
hey, julie, can we send a case of chianti over to larry cash?
i would like my clients to be able to exercise their constitutional rights.
and if that happens, that tape will disappear forever into my private collection... along with the zapruder film and the porno from hitler's bunker.
homicide investigators have told me they did find a bottle of pills in his lap.
that might mean that the congressman-- and i speculate here-- may have suffered a heart attack before going into the lockraven reservoir.
i'm standing by live at the lockraven reservoir... right now, where police and fire officials are in the process of removing... a classic mercedes owned by republican congressman phillip hamersly.
you may be able to see it here, being removed in the background.
i have been told that the congressman... was alone in the vehicle when this accident happened just under an hour ago.
you may know that the congressman suffers from a heart condition.
homicide investigators have told me that they did find a bottle of pills in his lap.
that might mean that the congressman-- and i speculate here-- may have suffered a heart attack before going into the lockraven reservoir.
- you know, bobby, i think you should take this more seriously.
honey, i think you're taking it seriously enough for both of us... and half the people on the block.
you know, if you decide you want to stay at dylan's till the end of the weekend... or the end of the century, your mom and i have discussed it.
it'll be difficult initially, but we think we can live with it.
it's just that we're handling a different aspect of the inquiry.
um, it turns out mr zavitz was involved in an extortion scheme.
- it's the only currency that means anything on this kind of playing field.
dean's got the tape, and he's gonna come out with it; and when he does, i want his credibility.
i want to know about his gambling problems, his urine samples, his porno rentals.
i want to use every means possible to get what we need... because this little son of a bitch is not going to be the final chapter of my life.
- none of my fucking business- you're damn right it's not-
i love my wife, and i love my son absolutely... with no equivocations, and that's none of your fuckin' business either-
well, because first, you haven't told him who made the tape... and second, we've spent hundreds of thousands of dollars... on shyster lawyers just like you... because of shyster lawyers just like you.
actually, i believe the slur "shyster"... is generally reserved for jewish attorneys.
rachel, don't you see that he is the key to this whole mess?
from the second you gave me that tape, my life has been falling apart.
the national security agency conducts worldwide surveillance-- fax, phones, satellite communication.
they're the only ones in the country, including the military, who could possibly have anything like this.
you stay away from rachel and you stay away from me.
you come near either one of us, i'm gonna kill you.
- how you just gonna go through my stuff like that?
baby, until i actually give it to you, that's still mine.
in the old days, we actually had to tap a wire into your phone line.
now calls bouncing off satellites, they snatch 'em right out of the air.
so, we were helping the secret police supply weapons... to the afghani rebels fighting the soviets.
my partner and i were on the eastern border monitoring soviet military transmissions.
the idea always was that if one of us got out, he'd take care of the other's family.
rachel was all he had, so she became my promise to him.
now, to be safe, they'll also try... to scan all the frequencies to try to track you down.
now, if these guys are good, and they're probably very good, in a location like this... they'll have you in five, six minutes.
now we've got ten million crackpots out there with sniper scopes, sarin gas and c-4.
ten-year-olds go on the net, downloading encryption we can barely break, not to mention...
privacy's been dead for 30 years because we can't risk it.
the only privacy that's left is the inside of your head, and maybe that's enough.
ooh, you're gonna need to get a tan on those things.
congressman sam albert, how do we draw the line-- draw the line... between protection of national security... obviously the government's need to obtain intelligence data... and the protection of civil liberties, particularly the sanctity of my home?
look, i don't care who bangs who, what cabinet officers get stoned.
but this is the richest, most powerful nation on earth, and therefore the most hated.
i've been there for you in the past, haven't i ?
there have been times, personal situations, when you needed my assistance and my confidence.
but this is our own goddamned union leadership... tryin' to railroad us into signing some sweetheart contract.
look, everybody knows... that the mob has been controlling these guys since as long as i can remember.
and now, uh-- now we got pintero's goons... down there tuning up my people.
well, first off, that's a hobbs act violation, probably a rico.
besides, these people have families that are living through this every day.
hey, julie, can we send a case of chianti over to larry cash ?
well, i'm saying, so hypothetically, had that been you, i mean, you'd be headed back to prison for... fifteen-- l don't know-- maybe twenty years-- even more.
but, i don't know, that ain't you, as you so eloquently put it.
[ woman #2 ] this accident comes at a very untimely juncture, since the congressman was working on a controversial piece of legislation, dale, opposing the telecommunications security and privacy act.
fire officials do tell me that it appears the congressman... was by himself in the car.
[ woman #1 ] i understand there was a history of heart problems.
[ woman #2 ] there was, in fact, a history of heart problems.
in fact, the congressman endured open-heart surgery just a couple of years ago.
homicide investigators have told me they did find a bottle of pills in his lap.
- [ hicks ] thirty months in a federal penitentiary... at marion, illinois, for a g.v.h.-1-- on your gunnery sergeant-- what's that about ?
the guy was an asshole, sir, and he deserved it, if you'll excuse me.
[ woman reporter ] i'm standing by live at the lockraven reservoir... right now, where police and fire officials are in the process of removing... a classic mercedes owned by republican congressman phillip hamersly.
you may be able to see it here, being removed in the background.
i have been told that the congressman... was alone in the vehicle when this accident happened just under an hour ago.
you may know that the congressman suffers from a heart condition.
homicide investigators have told me that they did find a bottle of pills in his lap.
that might mean that the congressman-- and i speculate here-- may have suffered a heart attack before going into the lockraven reservoir.
- the camera was aimed straight across at the pier, right where phil hamersly was killed.
- how fast can you get that tape over here ?
zavitz is speaking to a lenny bloom, a former anti-war activist.
he publishes a variety of left-wing newsletters on various political subjects.
i was going to, but she's too busy yelling at the tv.
oh, well there goes the fourth amendment-- what's left of it.
you know, if you decide you want to stay at dylan's... till the end of the weekend or the end of the century, your mom and i have discussed it.
it'll be difficult initially, but we think we can live with it.
it's just that we're handling a different aspect of the inquiry.
it turns out mr. zavitz was involved in an extortion scheme.
i've seen sex offenders that couldn't be touched because the victim was a call girl.
credibility-- lt's the only currency that means anything on this kind of playing field.
i want to use every means possible to get what we need.
because this little son of a bitch is not going to be the final chapter of my life.
lf-lf janet jackson called me, i w-- l might have to change my last name to jackson.
- yeah, right. i'd have to break that woman's legs too.
i'm not gonna sit around and wait for this to blow over !
jerry, l-l'm suing their right-wing asses right into chapter 11 !
i just got off the phone with a source that i trust.
a grand jury is being convened to look into your labor practice... as far back as the electrical workers' strike.
i need to talk to you, - [ beeping ] and i need to talk to you face-to-face.
meet me tomorrow, 11:00 a.m., mount vernon square. i'll see you then.
- well, first, you haven't told him... who made the tape, and second, we've spent hundreds of thousands of dollars... on shyster lawyers just like you... because of shyster lawyers just like you.
actually, i believe the slur "shyster" is generally reserved... for jewish attorneys.
rachel, don't you see that he is the key to this whole mess ?
from the second you gave me that tape, my life has been falling apart.
that day when daniel zavitz got hit by the fire truck, he was running.
the people that were chasing him, that's the people that are chasing me.
these are the parametrics for the space vehicle during data acquisition.
can we take a look at this guy who's helping him ?
any of a hundred key words, the computer recognizes it, automatically records it, red flags it for analysis; that was 20 years ago.
you know the hubble telescope that looks up to the stars ?
in the old days, we actually had to tap a wire into your phone line.
now calls bouncing' around on satellite, they snatch right out of the air.
i want to know who authorized its use, who checked it out from inventory, and for what purpose.
most important, how on god's green earth... it got into congressman albert's hotel room.
if this was a legit op, and i can't possibly see how it could be, then so be it.
but if this was somebody's unilateral wet dream, then that somebody is going to prison.
if these guys are good, and they're probably very good, in a location like this, they'll have you in five, six minutes.
so in four minutes time, after you turn that tape on, regardless of what's happening, you get out that door.
now we've got ten million crackpots out there with sniper scopes, sarin gas and c-4.
ten-year-olds go on the net, downloading encryption we can barely break, not to mention instructions on how to make a low-yield nuclear device.
privacy's been dead for 30 years because we can't risk it.
the only privacy that's left is the inside of your head.
now, we can go get a warrant and come back with the f.b.l., take anything we want, arrest anybody that we want-- just give the man the videotape.
only one gonna get arrested here is you... for felonious cocksucking with an attempt to swallow the evidence.
we've also come to realize... that we need to monitor the people who are monitoring them.
well, who's going to monitor the monitors of the monitors ?
this is the richest, most powerful nation on earth, and the most hated.
and you and i know what the average citizen does not:
i've got three major employers in the syracuse area alone who are gonna get just killed by this bill.
i promise to get you funds equal to or greater than what those companies gave your campaign.
but this is our own goddamned union leadership... tryin' to railroad us into signing some sweetheart contract.
look, everybody knows that the mob has been controlling these guys since as long as i can remember.
and now, uh, now we got pintero's goons down there tuning up my people.
well, first off, that's a hobbs act violation, probably a rlco.
i would like my clients to be able to exercise their constitutional rights.
and if that happens, that tape will disappear into my private collection, along with the zapruder film and the porno from hitler's bunker.
the congressman endured open-heart surgery just a couple of years ago.
homicide investigators have told me they did find a bottle of pills in his lap.
it contains a motion-activated digital video camera with a compound lens.
it was aimed directly at the boat ramp across the lake.
that might mean that the congressman - and i speculate here - may have suffered a heart attack before going into the reservoir.
i am also told that there was no one in the car...
zavitz is speaking to a lenny bloom, a former anti-war activist.
he publishes a variety of left-wing newsletters on various political subjects.
i was going to, but she's too busy yelling at the tv.
oh, well there goes the fourth amendment - what's left of it.
eric, just call me in the morning when you want me to come pick you up.
if you decide you want to stay at dylan's till the end of the weekend or... the end of the century, we have discussed it.
i've seen sex offenders untouched because the victim was a call girl.
credibility - it's the only currency that means anything on this kind of playing field.
i just got off the phone with a source that i trust.
a grand jury is being convened to look into your labor practice as far back as the electrical workers' strike.
actually, i believe the slur "shyster" is generally reserved for jewish attorneys.
i believe the proper slur for someone like myself would be, uh, "eggplant."
these are the parametrics for the space vehicle during data acquisition.
can we take a look at this guy who's helping him?
you're talking on the phone and you use the word, "bomb," "president," "allah,"
any of a hundred key words, the computer recognizes it, automatically records it, red flags it for analysis; that was 20 years ago.
had a partner he thought was stealing from him, so i figured out a way to tap the phone.
i loved listening to this guy and him not knowing i was there,
to be safe, they'll try to scan all the frequencies to try to track you down.
if these guys are good, and they're very good, in a location like this, they'll have you in five, six minutes.
ten-year-olds go on the net, downloading encryption we can barely break, not to mention instructions on how to make a low-yield nuclear device.
privacy's been dead for 30 years because we can't risk it.
they let brill go, you take the tape home, everyone has a merry christmas.
what assurances do i have that you haven't copied that tape?
now, we can go get a warrant and come back with the fbi, take anything we want, arrest anybody that we want - just give the man the videotape.
only one who'll get arrested is you, for felonious cocksucking with an attempt to swallow the evidence.
but this is the richest, most powerful nation on earth, and therefore the most hated.
and you and i know what the average citizen does not:
i've got three major employers... in the syracuse area alone who are gonna get just killed by this bill.
i promise to get you funds equal to or greater than... whatever those companies gave your last campaign.
and now, uh-- now we got pintero's goons down there tuning up my people.
well, first off, that's a hobbs act violation, probably a rico.
um, no, it would take years to see that thing through.
besides, these people have families that are living through this every day.
i would like my clients to be able to exercise their constitutional rights.
and if that happens, that tape will disappear forever into my private collection... along with the zapruder film and the porno from hitler's bunker.
homicide investigators have told me they did find a bottle of pills in his lap.
that might mean that the congressman-- and i speculate here-- may have suffered a heart attack before going into the lockraven reservoir.
i'm standing by live at the lockraven reservoir... right now, where police and fire officials are in the process of removing... a classic mercedes owned by republican congressman phillip hamersly.
you may be able to see it here, being removed in the background.
i have been told that the congressman... was alone in the vehicle when this accident happened just under an hour ago.
you may know that the congressman suffers from a heart condition.
homicide investigators have told me that they did find a bottle of pills in his lap.
that might mean that the congressman-- and i speculate here-- may have suffered a heart attack before going into the lockraven reservoir.
- you know, bobby, i think you should take this more seriously.
honey, i think you're taking it seriously enough for both of us... and half the people on the block.
you know, if you decide you want to stay at dylan's till the end of the weekend... or the end of the century, your mom and i have discussed it.
it'll be difficult initially, but we think we can live with it.
it's just that we're handling a different aspect of the inquiry.
um, it turns out mr zavitz was involved in an extortion scheme.
- it's the only currency that means anything on this kind of playing field.
dean's got the tape, and he's gonna come out with it; and when he does, i want his credibility.
i want to know about his gambling problems, his urine samples, his porno rentals.
i want to use every means possible to get what we need... because this little son of a bitch is not going to be the final chapter of my life.
- none of my fucking business- you're damn right it's not-
i love my wife, and i love my son absolutely... with no equivocations, and that's none of your fuckin' business either-
all right, we're moving into phase two of the training op.
selb's gonna brief you on it, so listen up, all right?
actually, i believe the slur "shyster"... is generally reserved for jewish attorneys.
i believe the proper slur for someone like myself... would be, uh, "eggplant."
the national security agency conducts worldwide surveillance-- fax, phones, satellite communication.
they're the only ones in the country, including the military, who could possibly have anything like this.
you stay away from rachel and you stay away from me.
you come near either one of us, i'm gonna kill you.
- how you just gonna go through my stuff like that?
baby, until i actually give it to you, that's still mine.
in the old days, we actually had to tap a wire into your phone line.
now calls bouncing off satellites, they snatch 'em right out of the air.
so, we were helping the secret police supply weapons... to the afghani rebels fighting the soviets.
my partner and i were on the eastern border monitoring soviet military transmissions.
the idea always was that if one of us got out, he'd take care of the other's family.
rachel was all he had, so she became my promise to him.
- might be able to piggyback it on top of this.
- how the hell am i supposed to know what it is?
now, to be safe, they'll also try... to scan all the frequencies to try to track you down.
now, if these guys are good, and they're probably very good, in a location like this... they'll have you in five, six minutes.
- instructions on how to make a low -yield nuclear device.
privacy's been dead for 30 years because we can't risk it.
ooh, you're gonna need to get a tan on those things.
congressman sam albert, how do we draw the line-- draw the line... between protection of national security... obviously the government's need to obtain intelligence data... and the protection of civil liberties, particularly the sanctity of my home?
but this is the richest, most powerful nation on earth, and therefore the most hated.
and you and i know what the average citizen does not:
i've got three major employers... in the syracuse area alone who are gonna get just killed by this bill.
i promise to get you funds equal to or greater than... whatever those companies gave your last campaign.
- look, everybody knows... that, that the mob has been controlling these guys since, since as long as i can remember.
and now, uh-- now we got pintero's goons down there tuning up my people.
- but then larry cash came in and he went after 'em.
- uh, larry cash is in the hospital... with a broken jaw and a ruptured kidney.
besides, these people have families that are living through this every day.
hey, julie, can we send a case of chianti over to larry cash?
i would like my clients to be able to exercise their constitutional rights.
and if that happens, that tape will disappear forever into my private collection... along with the zapruder film and the porno from hitler's bunker.
homicide investigators have told me they did find a bottle of pills in his lap.
that might mean that the congressman-- and i speculate here-- may have suffered a heart attack before going into the lockraven reservoir.
i'm standing by live at the lockraven reservoir... right now, where police and fire officials are in the process of removing... a classic mercedes owned by republican congressman phillip hamersly.
you may be able to see it here, being removed in the background.
i have been told that the congressman... was alone in the vehicle when this accident happened just under an hour ago.
you may know that the congressman suffers from a heart condition.
homicide investigators have told me that they did find a bottle of pills in his lap.
that might mean that the congressman-- and i speculate here-- may have suffered a heart attack before going into the lockraven reservoir.
- you know, bobby, i think you should take this more seriously.
honey, i think you're taking it seriously enough for both of us... and half the people on the block.
you know, if you decide you want to stay at dylan's till the end of the weekend... or the end of the century, your mom and i have discussed it.
it'll be difficult initially, but we think we can live with it.
it's just that we're handling a different aspect of the inquiry.
um, it turns out mr zavitz was involved in an extortion scheme.
- it's the only currency that means anything on this kind of playing field.
dean's got the tape, and he's gonna come out with it; and when he does, i want his credibility.
i want to know about his gambling problems, his urine samples, his porno rentals.
i want to use every means possible to get what we need... because this little son of a bitch is not going to be the final chapter of my life.
- none of my fucking business- you're damn right it's not-
i love my wife, and i love my son absolutely... with no equivocations, and that's none of your fuckin' business either-
well, because first, you haven't told him who made the tape... and second, we've spent hundreds of thousands of dollars... on shyster lawyers just like you... because of shyster lawyers just like you.
actually, i believe the slur "shyster"... is generally reserved for jewish attorneys.
rachel, don't you see that he is the key to this whole mess?
from the second you gave me that tape, my life has been falling apart.
the national security agency conducts worldwide surveillance-- fax, phones, satellite communication.
they're the only ones in the country, including the military, who could possibly have anything like this.
you stay away from rachel and you stay away from me.
you come near either one of us, i'm gonna kill you.
- how you just gonna go through my stuff like that?
baby, until i actually give it to you, that's still mine.
in the old days, we actually had to tap a wire into your phone line.
now calls bouncing off satellites, they snatch 'em right out of the air.
so, we were helping the secret police supply weapons... to the afghani rebels fighting the soviets.
my partner and i were on the eastern border monitoring soviet military transmissions.
the idea always was that if one of us got out, he'd take care of the other's family.
rachel was all he had, so she became my promise to him.
now, to be safe, they'll also try... to scan all the frequencies to try to track you down.
now, if these guys are good, and they're probably very good, in a location like this... they'll have you in five, six minutes.
now we've got ten million crackpots out there with sniper scopes, sarin gas and c-4.
ten-year-olds go on the net, downloading encryption we can barely break, not to mention...
privacy's been dead for 30 years because we can't risk it.
the only privacy that's left is the inside of your head, and maybe that's enough.
ooh, you're gonna need to get a tan on those things.
congressman sam albert, how do we draw the line-- draw the line... between protection of national security... obviously the government's need to obtain intelligence data... and the protection of civil liberties, particularly the sanctity of my home?
i don't care who bangs who... what cabinet officers get stoned.
but this is the richest, most powerful nation on earth, and therefore the most hated.
and now, uh- now we got pintero's goons down there tuning up my people.
well, first off, that's a hobbs act violation, probably a rico.
um, no, it would take years to see that thing through.
besides, these people have families that are living through this every day.
i would like my clients to be able to exercise their constitutional rights.
and if that happens, that tape will disappear forever into my private collection... along with the zapruder film and the porno from hitler's bunker.
homicide investigators have told me they did find a bottle of pills in his lap.
that might mean that the congressman- and i speculate here- may have suffered a heart attack before going into the lockraven reservoir.
i'm standing by live at the lockraven reservoir... right now, where police and fire officials are in the process of removing... a classic mercedes owned by republican congressman phillip hamersly.
you may be able to see it here, being removed in the background.
i have been told that the congressman... was alone in the vehicle when this accident happened just under an hour ago.
you may know that the congressman suffers from a heart condition.
homicide investigators have told me that they did find a bottle of pills in his lap.
that might mean that the congressman- and i speculate here- may have suffered a heart attack before going into the lockraven reservoir.
i was going to, but she's too busy yelling at the tv.
oh, well, there goes the fourth amendment- what's left of it.
- you know, bobby, i think you should take this more seriously.
honey, i think you're taking it seriously enough for both of us... and half the people on the block.
you know, if you decide you want to stay at dylan's till the end of the weekend... or the end of the century, your mom and i have discussed it.
it'll be difficult initially, but we think we can live with it.
it's just that we're handling a different aspect of the inquiry.
um, it turns out mr zavitz was involved in an extortion scheme.
- it's the only currency that means anything on this kind of playing field.
dean's got the tape, and he's gonna come out with it; and when he does, i want his credibility.
i want to know about his gambling problems, his urine samples, his porno rentals.
i want to use every means possible to get what we need... because this little son of a bitch is not going to be the final chapter of my life.
i love my wife, and i love my son absolutely... with no equivocations, and that's none of your fuckin' business either-
uh, we think that you should take a leave of absence... until we're able to, uh, sort all this out.
all right, we're moving into phase two of the training op.
selb's gonna brief you on it, so listen up, all right?
actually, i believe the slur "shyster"... is generally reserved for jewish attorneys.
i believe the proper slur for someone like myself... would be, uh, "eggplant. "
- look, i-i have a question i need to ask you... and it is absolutely imperative that you tell me the truth.
now, no matter what you say, i swear to you, you are not going to get in trouble.
these are the parametrics for the space vehicle during data acquisition.
can we take a look at this guy who's helping him?
you know the hubble telescope that looks up at the stars?
they've got over a hundred spy satellites looking down at us.
the, uh, president has not committed himself... but he does recognize that we do need something in this area.
and i think he will come to see that this bill will, in the end... provide the kind of security that this-
- might be able to piggyback it on top of this.
- how the hell am i supposed to know what it is?
i want to know who authorized its use... who checked it out from inventory... and for what purpose.
most important, how on god's green earth... it got into congressman albert's hotel room.
if this was a legit op... and i can't possibly see how it could be, then so be it.
but if this was somebody's unilateral wet dream... then that somebody is going to prison.
now, if these guys are good, and they're probably very good, in a location like this... they'll have you in five, six minutes.
so let's say in four minutes time, after you turn that tape on... regardless of what's happening, you get out that door.
ten-year-olds go on the net, downloading encryption we can barely break, not to mention...
- aw, shit. - instructions on how to make a low-yield nuclear device.
privacy's been dead for 30 years because we can't risk it.
the only privacy that's left is the inside of your head, and maybe that's enough.
does everybody here know that you killed phil hamersly and rachel banks?
this guy is going down, and he's going to take all of you with him.
ooh, you're gonna need to get a tan on those things.
congressman sam albert, how do we draw the line- draw the line... between protection of national security... obviously the government's need to obtain intelligence data... and the protection of civil liberties, particularly the sanctity of my home?
but this is the richest, most powerful nation on earth, and therefore the most hated.
and you and i know what the average citizen does not:
i've got three major employers... in the syracuse area alone who are gonna get just killed by this bill.
i promise to get you funds equal to or greater than... whatever those companies gave your last campaign.
- look, everybody knows... that, that the mob has been controlling these guys since, since as long as i can remember.
and now, uh-- now we got pintero's goons down there tuning up my people.
- but then larry cash came in and he went after 'em.
- uh, larry cash is in the hospital... with a broken jaw and a ruptured kidney.
besides, these people have families that are living through this every day.
hey, julie, can we send a case of chianti over to larry cash?
i would like my clients to be able to exercise their constitutional rights.
and if that happens, that tape will disappear forever into my private collection... along with the zapruder film and the porno from hitler's bunker.
homicide investigators have told me they did find a bottle of pills in his lap.
that might mean that the congressman-- and i speculate here-- may have suffered a heart attack before going into the lockraven reservoir.
i'm standing by live at the lockraven reservoir... right now, where police and fire officials are in the process of removing... a classic mercedes owned by republican congressman phillip hamersly.
you may be able to see it here, being removed in the background.
i have been told that the congressman... was alone in the vehicle when this accident happened just under an hour ago.
you may know that the congressman suffers from a heart condition.
homicide investigators have told me that they did find a bottle of pills in his lap.
that might mean that the congressman-- and i speculate here-- may have suffered a heart attack before going into the lockraven reservoir.
- you know, bobby, i think you should take this more seriously.
honey, i think you're taking it seriously enough for both of us... and half the people on the block.
you know, if you decide you want to stay at dylan's till the end of the weekend... or the end of the century, your mom and i have discussed it.
it'll be difficult initially, but we think we can live with it.
it's just that we're handling a different aspect of the inquiry.
um, it turns out mr zavitz was involved in an extortion scheme.
- it's the only currency that means anything on this kind of playing field.
dean's got the tape, and he's gonna come out with it; and when he does, i want his credibility.
i want to know about his gambling problems, his urine samples, his porno rentals.
i want to use every means possible to get what we need... because this little son of a bitch is not going to be the final chapter of my life.
- none of my fucking business- you're damn right it's not-
i love my wife, and i love my son absolutely... with no equivocations, and that's none of your fuckin' business either-
well, because first, you haven't told him who made the tape... and second, we've spent hundreds of thousands of dollars... on shyster lawyers just like you... because of shyster lawyers just like you.
actually, i believe the slur "shyster"... is generally reserved for jewish attorneys.
rachel, don't you see that he is the key to this whole mess?
from the second you gave me that tape, my life has been falling apart.
the national security agency conducts worldwide surveillance-- fax, phones, satellite communication.
they're the only ones in the country, including the military, who could possibly have anything like this.
you stay away from rachel and you stay away from me.
you come near either one of us, i'm gonna kill you.
- how you just gonna go through my stuff like that?
baby, until i actually give it to you, that's still mine.
these are the parametrics for the space vehicle during data acquisition.
can we take a look at this guy who's helping him?
you know the hubble telescope that looks up at the stars?
they've got over a hundred spy satellites looking down at us.
the, uh, president has not committed himself... but he does recognize that we do need something in this area.
and i think he will come to see that this bill will, in the end... provide the kind of security that this--
- might be able to piggyback it on top of this.
- how the hell am i supposed to know what it is?
i want to know who authorized its use... who checked it out from inventory... and for what purpose.
most important, how on god's green earth... it got into congressman albert's hotel room.
if this was a legit op... and i can't possibly see how it could be, then so be it.
but if this was somebody's unilateral wet dream... then that somebody is going to prison.
now, if these guys are good, and they're probably very good, in a location like this... they'll have you in five, six minutes.
so let's say in four minutes time, after you turn that tape on... regardless of what's happening, you get out that door.
does everybody here know that you killed phil hamersly and rachel banks?
this guy is going down, and he's going to take all of you with him.
now, we can go get a warrant and come back with the fbi, take anything we want... arrest anybody that we want-- just give the man the videotape.
hey, only one gonna get arrested here is you, for felonious cocksucking... with an attempt to swallow the evidence, so shut your mouth.
i don't care who bangs who... what cabinet officers get stoned.
but this is the richest, most powerful nation on earth, and therefore the most hated.
and now, uh-- now we got pintero's goons down there tuning up my people.
well, first off, that's a hobbs act violation, probably a rico.
um, no, it would take years to see that thing through.
besides, these people have families that are living through this every day.
this accident comes at a very untimely juncture... since the congressman was working on a controversial piece of legislation, dale... opposing the telecommunications security and privacy act.
fire officials do tell me that it appears the congressman... was by himself in the car.
in fact, the congressman endured open-heart surgery just a couple of years ago.
homicide investigators have told me they did find a bottle of pills in his lap.
it contains a motion-activated... digital video camera with a compound lens.
it was aimed directly at the boat ramp across the lake.
- thirty months in a federal penitentiary... at marion, illinois, for a gvh-1-- on your gunnery sergeant-- what's that about?
the guy was an asshole, sir, and he deserved it, if you'll excuse me.
you may be able to see it here, being removed in the background.
now, fire and police officials aren't saying much at this point.
you may know that the congressman suffers from a heart condition.
homicide investigators have told me that they did find a bottle of pills in his lap.
that might mean that the congressman-- and i speculate here-- may have suffered a heart attack before going into the lockraven reservoir.
i am also told that there was no one in the car with him at the time of the--
zavitz is speaking to a lenny bloom... a former anti-war activist.
he publishes a variety of left-wing newsletters on various political subjects.
i was going to, but she's too busy yelling at the tv.
oh, well, there goes the fourth amendment-- what's left of it.
honey, i think you're taking it seriously enough for both of us... and half the people on the block.
tens of millions of foreign nationals living within our borders... and many of these people consider the united states their enemy.
eric, just call me in the morning when you want me to come pick you up.
you know, if you decide you want to stay at dylan's till the end of the weekend... or the end of the century, your mom and i have discussed it.
- well, her deposits aren't the same, but let me figure this out.
ah, yes, they're exactly-- exactly 15 percent of the amount dean withdrew.
i've seen killers walk free because the eyewitness was an alcoholic.
i've seen sex offenders that couldn't be touched because the victim was a call girl.
dean's got the tape, and he's gonna come out with it; and when he does, i want his credibility.
i want people to know he's lying before they hear what he says.
we'd have the police and the fbi all over this in 24 hours.
put taps on his 20 most frequently called numbers, and let's get into his life.
i want to know about his wife, i want to know about his parents...
i want to know about his gambling problems, his urine samples, his porno rentals.
i just got off the phone with a source that i trust.
a grand jury is being convened to look into your labor practice... as far back as the electrical workers' strike.
i love my wife, and i love my son absolutely... with no equivocations, and that's none of your fucking business either-
uh, we think that you should take a leave of absence... until we're able to, uh, sort all this out.
all right, we're moving into phase two of the training op.
selb's gonna brief you on it, so listen up, all right?
actually, i believe the slur "shyster"... is generally reserved for jewish attorneys.
i believe the proper slur for someone like myself... would be, uh, "eggplant."
- how you just gonna go through my stuff like that?
baby, until i actually give it to you, that's still mine.
in the old days, we actually had to tap a wire into your phone line.
now calls bouncing off satellites, they snatch 'em right out of the air.
so, we were helping the secret police supply weapons... to the afghani rebels fighting the soviets.
my partner and i were on the eastern border monitoring soviet military transmissions.
the idea always was that if one of us got out, he'd take care of the other's family.
rachel was all he had, so she became my promise to him.
now, to be safe, they'll also try... to scan all the frequencies to try to track you down.
now, if these guys are good, and they're probably very good, in a location like this... they'll have you in five, six minutes.
now we've got ten million crackpots out there with sniper scopes, sarin gas and c-4.
ten-year-olds go on the net, downloading encryption we can barely break, not to mention...
privacy's been dead for 30 years because we can't risk it.
the only privacy that's left is the inside of your head, and maybe that's enough.
