from quite early on, it sucks its thumb, a habit which may take years to break.
as it gets bigger, we can see what little room it actually has.
phillippa is now nineteen weeks pregnant and going for her scan.
(scan 0perat0r) ok, let's show your baby before i do anything else.
so, you can see this is his head, body, heart beating away there in the middle of the chest.
(phillippa) the legs curled... (jeff) all right, now i can see which way round it is.
(scan 0perat0r) plenty of time to rest while it's in here.
it's really the first time it's really brought home to me that you're actually pregnant.
instead of having separate senses, we think a foetus' senses are much less distinct.
sounds, for instance, may be felt through the skin, as well as heard by the ears.
likewise, changes in the fluid that surrounds the foetus will be as much smelled as tasted.
sounds from the outside world will be filtered through the mother's body.
and that's rather surprising, because inside the baby is starting to dominate.
it's competing with her for the same limited resources, yet they co-exist quite comfortably.
it's what allows mother and foetus to live together, and for me, it's the most fantastic thing about pregnancy.
yet all of us, even doctors, tend to take it completely for granted.
wonderful though it is, i can see why not everyone might share my enthusiasm for it.
but i think it's the great unsung hero of all our lives.
so far in phillippa's pregnancy, it's been the foetus which has faced the biggest threat.
but, in the final three months, her own body will be pushed to its limits.
and probably worries that it hurts, but actually it's quite comforting.
phillippa and jeff's baby is due in just six weeks time.
all men must go through the same thing, because you feel fairly helpless.
while all the changes are going on to phillippa, physically, mentally, emotionally, the same sort of thing is happening to me, but i'm only looking very much from the outside.
there are times that i wish that i could feel the physical side of things, so that i could understand it a little more.
it can be quite difficult when there's not an awful lot you can do, other than carry the shopping or something.
it seems fairly menial by comparison with what's going on to the mother.
i just marvel at the fact that all of this is going on with no real intervention from me.
so, why has it been so tough to get this far?
the easy answer is that our bodies are riddled with imperfections, right from the start.
so although the human body makes pregnancy the most complicated task it ever faces, at the same time it makes it look so very easy.
glimpsed inside the womb with three-dimensional ultrasound, this is a baby about to be born.
if it were to wait until it was, it could be in the womb an extra twelve months.
but there's a very simple reason why it can't stay there that long.
to get out, the baby has to travel through the middle of the pelvis.
any longer in the womb and its head would be too big to fit through.
most unusually for a first-time mother, phillippa has decided on a home birth.
(midwife) i'm listening all the way through this one and then afterwards as well.
the muscles that have held the baby enclosed for months now have to be stretched apart to let it out.
with the heat-sensitive camera, you can see the waves of hot muscle action sweeping across phillippa's tummy during a contraction.
hour after hour, the walls of the uterus press in upon the baby in powerful, regular contractions.
(midwife) now phillippa's contracting about one every three or four minutes, and they seem to be fairly strong.
they are painfully forcing open the neck of phillippa's womb, her cervix.
it will have to go from closed to ten centimetres wide open.
for a first-time mother, this takes an average of ten hours.
0nce the cervix has been opened, the baby's exit route is clear.
the head acts as a battering ram, forging a way for the rest of the body.
to see more clearly what's happening, let's look beneath the skin at the baby preparing for its exit.
perhaps birth should be viewed not so much as an occasion when things can go wrong, but more as a miracle that things can go right, which they do most of the time.
phillippa gave birth to a healthy baby girl, just one of almost a million babies that share her birth date, all around the world.
to crawl, to walk, to talk, to become an individual, it is four years of miraculous achievement.
never again will the human body change so fast or learn so much.
here in windsor castle is a memorial to princess charlotte and her son.
just one year after her marriage in 1816, she was expecting a baby.
after two days and two nights of labour, the unborn prince was dead, and a few hours later, charlotte died as well.
their deaths meant the crown eventually passed to queen victoria, and the rest is history.
the key to success is the trauma of the birth itself.
it's so severe, the baby has adrenalin levels even higher than that of a person suffering a heart attack.
in one of the interior walls of the heart there is a hole.
this opening was vital when the baby had to pump blood to the placenta.
it forms a solid wall, and the four chambers of the heart are finally complete.
in an adult, such major changes would require open-heart surgery, but here they are happening instantaneously and unseen inside the baby.
a special type of fat is concentrated on his back and around his chest.
this baby fat can be broken down to release emergency heat.
bob's tight squeeze through the birth canal has left his head an odd, pointed shape.
his skull is so pliable because the 22 different bones that make it up haven't yet fused together, leaving holes between the bone plates.
bob would never have made it out of the womb if his skull hadn't evolved to be this way.
from now on bob will live under the watchful eye of his proud parents, jane and richard jeffers.
yes, he's startled by loud noises, and he can definitely hear me.
a young baby will try to grip with his hands anything he touches.
in fact, it's an ability so odd that until recently we didn't even realise it existed.
actually, it's a reflex we all had in the first six months of life.
not only do the arms and legs move in a coordinated stroke, but the torso flexes enough to propel him through the water for over a metre.
however, after a few seconds they all need adult help to regain the surface and the vital next breath.
0thers think it is a hangover from our life in the liquid-filled womb.
the truth is we don't even understand the origins of this remarkable ability.
0ne of the reasons bob is so bad at focusing is hidden inside the eyes.
a very young baby does not have proper control of the muscles that change the shape of the lens.
the lens, here coloured white, is fixed at one set shape.
to focus on objects far away, the tiny muscles around the lens need to stretch it into a thinner shape.
the patterns of brain waves prove that the baby first sees it as a face, right way up or not.
and then, a fraction of a second later, she checks out what emotion is showing.
and these two tasks actually happen in different parts of the brain.
you might assume a baby's brain is just the same as an adult's, only smaller.
so our experiences in our first few years will determine the brain we have as adults.
this developing brain is so demanding that over half of all the food bob eats goes to driving it.
to supply this much energy, it is essential that he moves on from milk.
to deal with solid food, things are stirring underneath his gums.
his first teeth will grow up from tiny tooth buds that have been hidden in his jaw since long before he was born.
but they won't start to burst through his gums until he's around six months old.
at birth, bob was a tiny bundle of reflexes and flailing limbs.
0ver the following six months, he has grown quicker than he ever will again.
he is turning his desires into actions, a sign of his burgeoning personality.
a baby at this age is soon ready for the next key advance: mobility.
has he tried to pull himself to stand or anything like that?
when he's sitting down, he goes forward or falls on his face.
they can be tracked on a computer to reveal the underlying motion of my skeleton.
it's the only way you can follow something even as seemingly simple as the movement of a limb.
this baby is doing the diagonal crawl, moving opposite limbs together, right arm, left leg, then left arm, right leg.
the arms absorb the shock of impact, while the power is provided by the legs.
the top speed of a crawling baby is about two kilometres an hour, and the average baby crawls perhaps 200 metres a day.
if you look carefully, motion capture can identify seven different types of crawling.
once he gets that... (w0man) he needs a bit more confidence.
before i put him down, i gather a few toys, and i go into the kitchen for a few minutes.
at a university in america, karen adolph experiments with crawling babies to discover how they deal with treacherous slopes.
as a further challenge, the babies are weighed down with two kilograms of lead.
she confirms the severity of it with careful touches of her hands.
karen has discovered that they can gauge the angle of a safe slope to within just two degrees, a tiny fraction of the slope overall.
if they decide it's a bit too steep, they'll adjust their crawl, maybe even coming down backwards.
crawling is not just about how to crawl, but what's sensible to crawl down.
if it's way too steep, the baby will wisely avoid the drop altogether.
however, the real revolution in getting around is still to come.
zak already has the strength to stand up with a bit of support.
but his ability to walk comes not just from his legs, but also from deep inside his ear of all places.
the balance organ is a miracle of engineering, made up of three circular tubes full of liquid.
anchored to the inside walls of these tubes are tiny hairs.
as zak moves, the hairs also move, telling him the position of his head.
the three tubes each have their own orientation, which detect the three basic types of movement in space:
can you take me to the pyramids, where the kings are buried?
as a child, one thing you lack is an accurate way of explaining your desires, exactly what you feel, what you really want, or any way, really, of telling your parents what to get for you.
words and language are the most important thing a child will ever learn.
not just words to describe things you can point at, like sand or rock, but words to describe abstract things:
when babies first learn to speak, they use a completely different part of the brain from adults trying to learn a foreign language.
that's why it's so natural for babies and such an effort for adults.
a newborn baby has a vocal tract just like any other animal.
the larynx, a pipe at the top of the lungs, is positioned high up, right at the back of the throat.
it sticks up like a snorkel above the flow of milk to the stomach.
this ingenious arrangement allows the baby to breathe and suckle at the same time.
but with the larynx so high it can't perform its major function in life - speech.
by the time zak is a year old, the larynx needs to have dropped a whole three centimetres lower.
with more space at the back of the throat, the voice box can make an extraordinary variety of sounds.
as air passes through the gap between the vocal chords, it causes them to vibrate.
unfortunately, this lowered voice box makes humans especially vulnerable to choking on food.
as a species, however, this occasional problem is outweighed by the power of language.
like all toddlers, she's learning a staggering ten new words a day.
it did seem quite quick that she was able to communicate or to describe things in detail.
(w0man) do you know what to call one of these things?
well, some people call them bambi, but that's after the movie.
it's impossible for her to have imitated the word from an adult, because they never use it.
instead she applied the logical rule for making a plural and has to be taught the exception.
so why is it that toddlers can learn language so rapidly?
the theory is that throughout evolution little children have always faced grave dangers.
the quicker they learnt language, and the better they understood the warnings, the more likely they were to survive.
in just the same way that a clam has evolved a tough shell to protect it, we have evolved language as our defence.
it's given rise to our rich social world, delivering us a decisive advantage over other animals.
alongside language, children learn another skill, a skill adults rarely give much thought to.
all the changes in moira's view of the world are taking place because of alterations inside her maturing brain.
different skills, such as language and self-awareness, are clamouring for space in particular parts of the brain.
and so we call him our politician, because he's used to trying to negotiate for things and is a little more tolerant of things in general.
part of getting on with one another and dealing with the social world is learning and complying with rules.
no throwing, no throwing suitcases, no throwing bottles, no throwing houses.
if somebody does get out of hand they do end up in their room by themselves for some quiet sort of time-out-themselves time.
child psychologist michael lewis has created an ingenious test to reveal more about lying.
he and the mother of the child he's studying hide behind a one-way mirror.
i'm gonna uncover it and turn it on, but don't look.
i have to get something i left in the hall, so i'll be back in a minute.
not only didn't they do something right, but they may get punished for it.
and so it turns out that the smartest kids are not the ones who tell the truth, but, in fact, the ones who lie about it.
it's our human skill of working out what another person might be thinking.
to do it, we need to realise that each of us has different wishes and intentions, likes and dislikes.
my thoughts and desires are not necessarily the same as yours.
we do it all the time without even being aware of it.
yet theory of mind is the very cornerstone of all our relationships with other people.
but at three years old these children are too young to have learnt it.
theory of mind is even more essential in making sense of stories.
to follow what's going on in snow white, the triplets need to grasp that different people will see the world differently.
most children younger than three will assume snow white has the same knowledge they do:
that the apple is poisoned and snow white shouldn't eat it.
tell stories that require it, and this important section right at the front of the brain literally lights up.
in the triplets, the brain connections of this area are now almost complete.
hold on to the railing, and have a good day at school.
0ver just four years the triplets have met all the challenges this new and exciting world has thrown at them:
what you are about to see is one of the miracles of nature, the extraordinary transformation that will turn this caterpillar into a butterfly.
but we human beings go through a transformation that is just as dramatic.
the worst thing for me is the ups and downs of life:
having to deal with acne and hair and stuff like that.
unlike caterpillars, these teenage boys have no cocoon to hide in while they travel from childhood to adulthood.
we all make the journey, and it can be a bumpy ride.
we often have the illusion that we're in control of our bodies.
the reality is that it's usually our biology which controls us.
suddenly hordes of them start racing through our bloodstream, ordering our bodies to change.
they tell us to switch on to sex, getting us ready to make babies.
but however unattractive the prospect of leaving childhood is, in one way, beatrice is very lucky to have had one at all.
human beings are unique in the way they linger as children for an extraordinary long time.
if beatrice was any other animal, she'd have stopped being a kid a long time ago.
it's a bit of a puzzle, because other animals mature very differently.
for her, like most animals, the journey from babyhood to full-grown happens as one continuous process.
in about three years time, she'll be able to have cubs of her own.
the reason i didn't do that is because the human body does something very unusual.
it breaks the journey from baby to sexual maturity when we're tiny, just six months old.
and though we keep growing, we wait more than a decade to gear up to have children.
for nica's ancient ancestors, spending ten tiger years without getting ready to have sex and make cubs would simply be a dangerous waste of time.
not just the obvious ones, like making yourself understood, but the things we don't even think of as learning at all, like walking and controlling our bodies.
as children, we can learn faster than we'll ever be able to again.
every one is connected to thousands of others through their tiny branches.
each join adds a little bit more to the intricate picture of who we are.
learn to ride a bike and you wire up a tiny part of the brain.
learn a new word or how to catch a ball, and you forge new links.
and with difficult tasks, like writing, it's only by doing the same thing over and over again that the connections are made strong.
in the end, they take root and stay with us for the rest of our lives.
but though learning is so vitally important, there comes a time when our bodies have to move on, and the rollercoaster of puberty lurches into action.
we don't know what exactly decides when that should be, but we do know that when it starts it's the brain that's in control.
peering deep inside the head, you can see where it all happens.
shaded white, it's the body's autopilot, a tiny gland that constantly adjusts things like temperature, blood pressure, thirst and hunger.
it's called the hypothalamus and it's the driving force behind puberty.
from its position in the centre of the head, it can control parts of the body far away and it does so with a remarkable trick - by dispatching highly efficient chemicals into the blood.
these chemicals are called hormones, and each carries a different message.
for example, adrenalin makes you run faster just for a moment, but the hormones of puberty change your life forever.
i'd be able to detect a pinch of salt in a swimming pool.
you can't see hormones in the blood, but take them out of the body and they're suddenly revealed.
each one is a uniquely-shaped molecule which, like a key in a lock, can fit into specific receptors all over the body.
they're subtle and they're in control... and at the start of puberty they come out at night.
not just to the amount of hormones, but to the patterns of their release.
in a boy, it will be the testes that pick up the signals.
some days you feel like you're the bomb, like everything in your life is going great, you can't expect anything more.
and then it feels like you're nothing, like you've made mistakes, that it's over and stuff, that you might as well give up, and then it goes back up and then it goes back down.
across the world, there's a huge variety of size and shape, but every woman's breasts go through the same stages of development.
first, the cells which will eventually make milk ducts start dividing.
but just getting breasts is not the end of the story.
they will grow again during pregnancy and only after a woman gives birth will they be fully mature, when in most cases they start producing milk.
the size and shape of a walnut, these two off-white organs rest either side of the pelvis.
not only do they produce the hormones that drive puberty, but they contain the raw material of new life - a woman's eggs.
i don't like the idea of getting my periods or whatever.
like it or not, once the rollercoaster starts, there's no stopping it.
one of the things i like, everyone used to be taller than me.
now, lots of my friends are still taller than me, but mostly adults are really short.
i like the fact i'm taller than a lot of people, and being bulky and big, too.
boys' bodies too, are growing faster than at any time since they were toddlers.
it's easier to develop your body, too, when you're in puberty.
when you're little and you work out, it doesn't show up so much.
the skin of the scrotum gets rougher and there's a wispy growth of pubic hair.
inside, the testes are a tangle of tiny tubes, miniature factories that will soon start to churn out sperm.
shortly after the testes start growing, the penis itself starts catching up.
the skin gets darker, and in four years the machinery of reproduction is complete.
with a special camera that shows heat as colour, we can see why the testicles are where they are.
the red and yellow of the tummy show that it's hotter than the bits coloured green and blue.
and it's now, of course, that the penis starts getting up to some new tricks.
i had one first erection when i didn't know what it was.
i really had to piss, 'cause i didn't know what it was.
inside, the penis is made of a spongy tissue filled with thousands of tiny blood vessels.
and, to the horror of its owner, the penis seems to have a mind of its own.
i don't like it when you get an erection in class.
- i fix it up and try to hold it down.
these involuntary stirrings happen as the body learns to control its functions.
i dreamed about her and i woke up in the middle of the night, and something was wet on my pants, on my boxers.
i had sex ed a little before that so i knew then i was ok.
even when the system kicks in, most of the fluid isn't sperm at all.
it's a liquid which both protects sperm from the acid of a woman's vagina and gives them energy for their long swim ahead.
but once the sperm factory is up and running, there's no going back.
a man will go on producing sperm for the rest of his life.
she's quite testing in the sort of questions she asks and her opinions.
she's got lots and lots of opinions about things that all come from outside or come from school, and that's all quite different.
emotionally, you get down on yourself more as a teenager when you're sixteen, than when i was eleven.
usually, i didn't have anything to worry about when i was eleven.
my hand and wrist are an intricate mesh of tightly-packed bones.
if you could have seen them when i was a child, they would have been very different.
it opens, ending four centimetres wider than in men, just enough for a baby's head to squeeze through.
the changes in a boy's body stem from his need, in times gone by, to be strong.
at the same time, the mechanical parts of his body are adding to his power.
here we can see the complex array of muscles and tendons that hold the knee together.
the soft tissue between them allows them to move in a smooth and precise way.
this whole physical system gets better as muscles and tendons grow larger and stronger.
looking across the tongue and down the throat, these are vocal chords.
the whiter bits in the middle make sound, vibrating furiously when air flows past.
it's no accident that teenagers seem to wake up one morning thinking of nothing but sex.
what else do you think of when you hear the word sex?
when we're children, sex, for the most part, passes us by.
but in puberty the amount of oestrogen and testosterone pumping through the blood rise month by month.
the body has sexual urges that the mind can't deal with.
and while it's catching up, there's plenty of scope for turmoil.
guys shouldn't be as nervous as some are towards girls, because girls in the long run want the same thing.
and so they should be more outspoken, and should just come forward and say what they feel and say what they mean.
they're a leftover from our hairy past when they kept our hair sleek and waterproof.
i hate my spots, i really wish i didn't have them.
the sudden appearance of hair is one of the more visible signs of maturity.
quite why it sprouts, in just a few small patches, is something of a mystery.
so when they die and drop out, they're still quite short.
if they were like head hairs, they'd grow for seven years and we'd all be in trouble.
she let me know by ringing me at work, and she said,
the good news was that she was going to be in a top stream.
and then she decided to go out and celebrate, but we didn't go out.
she baked a cake and bought me some chocolate eclairs, which was very nice of her.
at the time, i felt quite tearful, quite sad about it.
i didn't talk to her about that because i felt it was really the end of my little girl, even though she's not little any more.
he's desperate to go to a party, but he's failed to finish his chores and he's been grounded.
i've just been told i can't attend the party, under my dad's decision.
0ne theory is that at puberty the front part of the brain, the area responsible for complex reasoning, gets its coating.
it may be this that opens the door to mature judgement.
it's my problem and i can't always rely on everybody else to take care of me.
i stick by my statement that i wish you woke up one morning and you were an adult.
i don't mind the growing, the growing in height, but any other way is just a curse, the curse of puberty.
between the turmoil of puberty and the decline of old age, the human body reaches its peak.
the human brain is about three times bigger, about the size of a sports car engine.
as our ancient ancestors evolved, they had to learn ever more complicated skills.
they needed bigger, better brains, brains that would be more powerful and more adaptable.
it's difficult to get across how rapidly the human brain enlarged.
from our ape-like ancestors to the bigger-brained humans was two and a half million years.
that may seem a long time, but in evolutionary terms, it's remarkably quick.
the human brain was increasing by the equivalent of 150,000 nerve cells at each generation.
but in nature, there's no such thing as a free lunch.
everything has its cost, and a bigger brain, like a bigger engine, is more expensive to run.
the human brain uses up more energy to run than any other organ in the body, burning a whopping one fifth of the food that we consume.
this makes the head hotter than the rest of the body, shown here by a heat-sensitive camera.
we invest so much in the brain because of its importance.
from just looking at it, there's nothing to suggest very much ability at all.
it appears rather gruesome - wrinkled like a walnut and with the consistency of mushroom.
for centuries, scientists have been battling to understand what this unappealing object is all about.
the philosopher aristotle, of ancient greece, believed that the brain helped regulate the body's temperature.
a runny nose was the cooling fluid leaking out of the brain.
he reasoned that since the heart beat faster when you were excited, it must be responsible for our feelings and thoughts.
when a particular area of my brain is working hard, extra blood flows there, through my arteries, to provide energy for the active nerve cells.
the scanner can detect these changes in blood flow, giving us a completely new window into the fascinating world of the mind.
to make things more complicated still, the branches of each neurone are connected to thousands of other neurones.
it's hard to grasp the sheer scale of all these connections.
this cocktail of chemicals swirling about the brain is finely balanced.
it needs to be to control the activity of the brain.
but surprisingly, it's only in the last couple of years that scientists have discovered precisely how it works.
so, in the interests of science, i've put myself forward as a guinea pig.
rather, as soon as the alcohol enters your body, there are a series, a cascade of chemical reactions.
it's the by-product of one of these reactions, the fatty acid compounds, which make you drunk.
how can all my thoughts and behaviour come from chemicals and little neurones?
some people compare the brain to a computer, but i think it's much more like a termite mound.
here, a group of worker termites are constructing a new wall.
not a single one of them carries a blueprint for the wall, but working together, it gets built.
termites send out chemical signals, and between them they pile up their tiny mouthfuls of mud.
clearly the human brain is totally different from the termite mound.
it makes no sense to search for the root of knowledge in single neurones in the brain, or, for that matter, in one termite in a colony.
the success of both depends on many millions of simple units working together.
so it's teams of neurones acting in unison that give us all our skills.
each team, based in a particular region of the brain, takes on a different responsibility, from our most advanced human abilities, such as language and memory, to the more basic ones, like movement.
because we walk, run and reach without thinking, we forget how such incredible precision is possible.
to see how much brain effort is required, look what happens when we're plunged into a totally new environment.
astronauts have to learn to move from scratch when they enter a world without gravity.
the reason why we're able to learn new tasks and carry them out automatically lies here.
it's a part of the brain called the cerebellum, or little brain, because it sticks out right at the base of the brain proper.
here are stored the practised movements we all learn, be it riding a bike, playing the piano, or even fixing a satellite.
the astronauts are in the cargo bay of the shuttle, but they're not out in space.
this is the closest they can get to space back on earth, an enormous swimming pool - a pool so large that four space shuttles can fit inside it.
she's been on four shuttle missions and orbited the planet 683 times.
(marsha ivens) learning to deal with the absence of gravity takes a little getting used to.
we are used to walking from place to place, and you don't walk, you float or fly.
so when i want to cross the room or the cabin, i push off with my hand or feet.
0nce we've practised a skill enough, the cerebellum can take over automatically.
a thought starts it off, and then the cerebellum does the work, sending out instructions to the rest of the body.
when you reach for something, you make complex motions with your arm, and that's probably as learned a response as it is learning to control the robot arm.
the astronauts use the same mental equipment to control the robot arm as we first use as babies to control our flesh and blood arms.
people have a fantastic ability to make almost any tool an extension of their bodies.
as an infertility doctor, i make full use of my cerebellum to perform keyhole surgery.
after enough training, it is relatively simple for me to co-ordinate what i do with my hands with what i see on the screen.
truth is, that this surgical manipulation, like all surgical manipulation, looks incredibly skilled and very intricate.
but actually, most of the time you're doing it totally on autopilot, and you can do quite involved procedures without really thinking about it.
it's only when there's something untoward, or the surgeon hits an emergency, that you suddenly need to concentrate much harder and the conscious brain takes over.
well, surprisingly, a whole quarter of our oversized brain is devoted to vision, much more than for any of our other senses.
what you see when you peer into the back of the eye is the only part of the brain which is visible from the outside world.
the optic nerve at the back of the eye is a direct extension of the brain.
travelling along the optic nerve, we pass right through the brain.
(marsha ivens) in an airplane like this, vision is your primary means of knowing where you are, relative to the world, in the airplane.
my brand of flying doesn't really require a whole lot of dials.
we know these various elements of vision are distinct, because certain people with brain damage are missing one of them.
some cannot discriminate colour... ..while, more bizarrely, others are unable to perceive motion.
it's as if they're seeing a stationary snapshot of the world every couple of seconds.
but in normal vision, our powerful brain combines all these disparate elements into one coherent view of the world.
as the brainpower of our ancestors increased, they not only observed the world but also invented ways of shaping it.
we can see this in action by looking at the tools that chimps make.
all this site is special because there're such vast concentrations of stone tools here, and this is because it was a lake basin.
the early humans were coming down to catch their animals, kill them and use the stone tools on the carcasses.
you need a big brain, and to be quite well practised to manipulate your hands to strike a flake off a piece of rock and come up with a result like this.
i'll forgive the slur on my brain, but how do you know that these were used to butcher meat?
a chimp's thumb is very short compared to its other fingers, making it awkward to use all but the simplest tools.
but over hundreds of thousands of years, our human thumb lengthened.
marsha harnesses this precision control of her fingers to do safety checks on her plane.
i pluck the wires on the tail and should hear them ring the same tone.
this feedback relied on a key turning point, one that other animals failed to make.
chimp hands aren't very dextrous, because they do two contradictory jobs with them.
not bad for knuckle walking, but not so good for creating tools.
human hands excelled at creating tools and manipulating objects because they were largely dedicated to just one activity.
as our brain got bigger, so it perfected one rather special trick.
it learned to make order out of chaos, putting things into categories.
to survive, we had to learn which plants were poisonous and which we could eat;
to know which animals would make a good meal and which were likely to make a meal of us.
animals do this to some extent, but the human brain excelled at it.
we still use this skill in city life, but in the natural world, you can witness it the way it was originally deployed.
it's called "back burning," and has been used by aboriginal people for thousands of years.
you can see the big cloud of smoke over there, and it's roaring through.
when the main fire front comes along, it gets really windy, with little whirly winds everywhere.
the back burning stops it from coming any further with the wind.
it would carry it across the other side of the road, all that debris and sparks.
the ability to understand and control the natural world was crucial to survival throughout our past.
working memory, usually lasting only a few minutes, is like a mental blackboard, storing just seven items or so.
working memory is remembering if that's the same crocodile you saw before or where you just put your notebook down.
this is how we remember our family and friends, the important events of our life.
0ne estimate is that an average person store in their brain a million different items.
this powerful memory originally evolved to help us navigate our way around our environment.
(philip alders0n) if you come back at night, you can pick out certain points or channels.
there's a dj, a fireman, a naval officer, and the usual contingent of students.
they all share the staggering ability to memorise thousands of numbers off by heart.
so i break up a long number, sequence it into pairs of digits, and give each pair of digits a character.
for instance, the number 10 is dudley moore and the number 07 is roger moore.
(d0minic 0'brien) we're born to hunt and gather, so that's why i use journeys.
i have to translate the abstract thousands of meaningless numbers to something my primitive - if you like, caveman-like brain - can understand.
dominic turns random information into stories because his brain has evolved to absorb stories easily.
stories have played a key role in retaining other much longer memories.
the aboriginal animals and gods on this wall tell their own tales from long ago.
rock art is really just an extension of memory, a more lasting way of storing traditions.
parents teaching their children is another way of passing on information.
philip shows his son how to find the turtles that live in the mud.
teaching a kid from a young age is important, because it helps you keep your culture, and understand the grassroots of where you come from.
through our parents, through art, through education, we learn about the world.
the brain's hardest task is how to deal with human society.
perhaps the ability to cope with other people and get on in society has been the main force behind the growth of the human brain.
it's other people, not the world itself, that's difficult to deal with.
to work out the motives of others, to persuade, to charm, to make friends and not enemies, all this takes brains.
here, a young male chimp is attempting to usurp the older male.
and while fights are certainly dramatic, often more important than just brute strength is the ability to forge alliances with other chimps.
scientists have discovered that the more complex the social group an animal belongs to, the bigger its brain.
an ability to deceive, to make allies, to win others over, must have been vital in the development of the chimp mind.
and you don't have to go to the houses of parliament to come across politics.
all the time our brains are dealing with politics with a small "p".
0ver millions of years, the human brain and body have evolved to meet ever more complicated challenges.
we learned to manipulate tools, we made full use of our visual sense, and we developed a powerful memory.
more recently, we mastered language, a highly efficient form of social grooming.
we can now build up a detailed picture of the brain we've evolved:
it's actually very difficult to define, but essentially it's our ability to be aware of our own thoughts and feelings, for each of us to have our own personality.
without consciousness, we'd be little more than robots, trundling through the motions of life.
ok, dave, i'm going to start to divide the corpus callosum.
this dramatic surgery involved slicing the brain right down the middle.
but the patients had such severe epilepsy that this was their last hope.
the operation usually worked, but it had unfortunate side-effects in a few patients.
each of her hands is obeying one half of her brain.
it's as if her consciousness has been split in half, two minds in her one brain.
perhaps, in the same mysterious way that the termites work together in the colony, so the many elements which make up our consciousness work in harmony.
it looks like the higher abilities of the brain - memory, perception and emotions - are seamlessly bound into one wonderful whole.
even so, there will always be some questions that it just cannot answer.
as a religious person, i believe that much of what makes us human will forever remain mysterious, even spiritual.
as we journey through the first stages of our lives, our bodies develop to meet the challenges of each new age.
year by year, we're continually developing, growing stronger, becoming more intellectually alert and more sexually mature.
it's remarkable because in this respect we're unlike any other animals.
in the wild, animals don't grow old, but we humans have evolved to live long lives - longer than any other mammal, in fact.
it argued that each animal had a finite number of heartbeats, about one to two billion.
so, for example, a hare, whose heart beats very fast, might live from three to five years, a victim of live fast die young.
why very familiar sounds are heard differently as time goes by.
and why i don't look the way i did when i first heard this music.
so we'll be following the story of two people who are actually living through the experience of growing older.
they are an elderly couple living in a farming community in mid-west america.
bud mather is still herding cattle at the age of almost eighty.
he and his wife viola have grown old together on their farm in kansas.
this place when we got married was just a little four-room side house.
it didn't have any water in it, it didn't have any bathroom.
well, i got the glasses, i put them on, and i have never taken them off again.
eyesight is so remarkably and wonderfully complex that it's arguably our most important sense.
using a special camera, it's possible to look directly into the eye.
the pupil has been enlarged so that we're looking straight through the lens of the eye, at the pink retina at the back - pink because of the blood vessels immediately behind it.
this is what produces the familiar red eye in flash photos.
it's the retina that carries the receptors that register the light from the scene in front of us.
for such a complex system, it's remarkable how much our brains have to compensate for what we actually see.
the lens in our eye produces an image on the retina which is actually upside down.
it tends to produce an image which is blurred, particularly around the edges.
but when it comes to focusing, it's not just the lens that matters, it's the retina.
but the part that does the most work is the small dark circular area in the centre of the picture.
it's called the macula and it's only about one to two millimetres across.
right in the middle of that area, best seen in a green light, is a small pit with a yellow spot in the middle.
it's called the fovea - this is what gives us a focused image.
every time we look at something and see it in sharp focus, it's not the rest of the retina that's doing it, it's just that small spot, only a fifth of a millimetre across, that gives us that focused image.
but because it's so small, what it sees in focus is only a small part of the scene in front of us.
so the way we view something like this is to move the eyes around, seeing one small focused area after another.
the brain receives these images and persuades us that everything in front of us is in focus.
when we're children, the lens in our eye has a very pale blue colour.
by middle age, in many people the coloration is getting stronger.
it's going yellow, and by old age it can even be brown.
but at all stages, the brain corrects and takes out that coloration, so that we're totally unaware of it.
in the eye of a small child, the lens is almost completely clear.
but it's at the start of an extremely gradual process that affects us all.
as we get older, we don't notice this cloudiness developing, because we simply can't remember how clearly we could once see things.
but if it gets too cloudy, there's a limit to what the brain can adjust for.
the effects of cataracts were particularly important for what happened in this garden some years ago.
earlier this century, the man who lived here at giverny in northern france experienced many of these changes to his eyesight.
not only are they masterpieces, but they provide a remarkable record of what was happening as age affects eyesight.
what is noticeable is that his paintings mysteriously began to change.
these not only affected the sharpness of what he could see, but the way he saw the colours.
in 1923, monet had an operation to remove the cloudy lens from his right eye.
the left eye with the cataract still in, and the right eye with it removed.
monet was so horrified by the colours he had used when his vision was affected by the cataracts, he wanted to alter many of his paintings, and even destroyed some of them.
this ultrasound probe sends out high-frequency sound that bounces back from the layers just under the surface.
a young person will, on average, have skin about half a millimetre thick.
these are proteins which provide the underlying framework of a young, healthy skin.
sunlight accelerates the loss of these proteins, and it's thought smoking has a similar effect.
the skin becomes less elastic, and the continual flexing of facial muscles gradually produces wrinkles.
it's been estimated that two hundred thousand frowns are enough to etch in one brow line.
baldness is caused by the male sex hormone testosterone, but it's nothing to do with virility.
it might be that a bald man has hair follicles which are just very sensitive to the hormone.
in other words, even small amounts of testosterone can make the hair fall out.
so, unfortunately, the only way to guarantee you don't go bald is to choose your parents with great care or get castrated before reaching puberty.
for the same reason, some women grow a light beard at that time.
a hair grows at the rate of a centimetre a month, so for those of us who have a full head of hair, what that means is that during this programme, we will grow a metre and a half on our scalp.
asian hair is circular in cross section, so it tends to hang straight.
black people have hair which is a flat oval, so it naturally tends to form tight curls.
caucasians or white europeans have hair halfway between the two, so they tend to have slightly wavy hair.
white europeans tend to go grey earlier in life than black or asian people.
however, it can happen over a few days, as long as you're partly grey to start with.
it's thought a sudden shock can sometimes make the coloured hair fall out, leaving the grey behind.
but while testosterone makes men lose hair from their head, it produces more vigorous growth in other places.
though it's not always welcome, it tends to be in their ears and noses.
0ur noses appear to go on growing after we've reached maturity.
but it's not clear if it's real growth or a kind of stretching and sagging.
now, the ribbon's a little tattered and torn, but bud and i are a little tattered and torn, too, so we'll use that on there, i think.
0n the whole, both bud and viola enjoy robust good health.
but as they've got older, they've occasionally had to deal with something serious.
i have always had wonderful health, all of my life, until i was 58 years old, and at that time i came down with spinal meningitis.
she was rushed to hospital and, apart from anything else, it looked as if she and bud would miss a holiday together.
then, whilst she was in the coma, one of the children came up with a bright idea.
they're off to meet children they haven't seen for years and grandchildren they've never met.
but it's going to be the trip of a lifetime, because they're also going to visit alaska.
but before that, they've decided to stop over to see the big city.
they've heard and read about it all their lives, but have never seen it.
and as we get older, our hearing starts to fade a little.
like all our senses, hearing is both wonderful and extraordinary in the way it works.
the fleshy outer ear collects the sounds that surround us, and channels them down the ear canal to vibrate the ear drum.
0n the other side of the drum, the vibrations are transmitted via the middle ear by minute bones.
these are the only bones that stop growing soon after birth.
an adult has ear bones the same size as a new-born baby.
there are rows of minute hairs only a few thousandths of a millimetre high.
as noise vibrates them, they send electrical signals to the brain which we experience as sound.
they are in fact clusters of three lines of hairs which are part of a built-in amplifying system.
now, if we take a look below, we should see the rest of the amplifier.
the excited response of these hair cells amplifies the faint vibrations that arrive from outside.
and they do it so well that we can actually hear the sound of a pin drop.
and some think this is why older people can sometimes appear easily confused and bewildered.
it's not so much that their intelligence is waning, although some brain cells will have been lost.
the brain has to work harder to make sense of the limited information it gets from the outside world.
this leaves fewer brain cells for memory and decision-making, and might account for the confusion, especially in strange and noisy places.
later on the trip, bud and viola meet up with some of their children and grandchildren.
by the age of 70, we'll have lost about a third of our muscle strength.
so, as a physically active cattle rancher, it's perhaps not surprising that bud does as well as his grandchildren.
but there's something else that can happen, and we can see it with the help of a special camera.
a thermal camera can detect differences in the heat emerging from various parts of the body.
and it's used by doctors to detect something that's different, something that's wrong.
margaret was out walking one day, when she felt a sudden sharp pain in her leg.
to the naked eye, there's not much difference between her two knees, but, to the thermal camera, there definitely is.
where the thigh bone and the shin bone meet, they're protected by a membrane of cartilage.
take away the bones for a moment, and we're left with that cup-shaped membrane.
if we take a look inside, yes, with wear and tear, a small hole has developed in the membrane, and the two bones have come in contact.
as they touch each other and grind together, the surfaces are damaged, and without treatment the joint can become extremely painful.
although they're joking, viola's distorted image in the mirror is very similar to what happens to women when they put on weight.
fat tends to settle around the hips and bottom, and there's a difference between the sexes.
when a rather plump man is scanned in a special x-ray machine, it's possible to see the outline of the layers of fat.
men tend to put it on around the waist, so they become apple-shaped.
some believe this happens because of a drop in the sex hormone testosterone.
it's thought it can reduce as a result of age and stress.
but after years of a diet high in saturated fat, old arteries can start to look clogged.
this can trigger blood clots and block the vital circulation to the heart.
female sex hormones tend to make fat accumulate around the bottom, as it did at puberty when a woman first developed her adult shape.
this is a safer place, in that the fat here is inclined to stay put and not circulate in the blood.
most of the dust we find at home is dead skin that's fallen off us as new cells are substituted.
just rubbing your arm produces a minor dust storm of dead skin cells.
the blood is replaced three times a year, parts of the skeleton every four years.
so extraordinary is this process of copying and renewal that very little of our bodies is actually more than ten years old.
but if our bodies are perpetually being renewed in this way, why do we gradually start to look old?
why don't we all look the way we did when we were young and in our prime?
you can understand why we don't look the way we did as a child, after all we were still growing.
but having reached maturity, why don't we continue to look that way for the rest of our lives?
and although i'm still recognisable, the picture's starting to look the worse for wear.
in terms of the human body, we call these mistakes ageing.
moreover, the older the person, i.e. the copying machine, the more frequent are the mistakes.
and of course, if we carry on copying for too long, we'll eventually reach the point where we disappear altogether.
this blazing inferno, like all fires, requires oxygen for its power.
and despite this protective suit, i'm well aware of the power.
steel can resist fire, but not the effects of oxygen, because that leads to rust.
rust is caused by a highly reactive type of oxygen called free radicals.
0ver time, free radicals have the power to corrode and destroy even the largest steel structures.
some of the oxygen we breathe in turns into the dangerous free radical form.
this type of oxygen has a habit of ripping bits out of molecules, damaging them in the process.
as these loose cannon roam around our bodies, they can play havoc as they start to damage our cells and tissues.
many now believe years of accumulated damage by free radicals are an important cause of ageing.
and what's more, it's not just breathing oxygen that puts us at risk.
we can get free radicals into our bodies in all sorts of ways.
too much sun increases them, and we can pick them up from tobacco smoke and air pollution, and eating things like barbecued meat.
but some foods are rich in anti-oxidents, and these can destroy free radicals.
these foods include fresh fruit and vegetables, and, i'm glad to say, a glass of red wine.
0ne possible reason is because we're built rather like the thing that all this is listening to.
right now, this satelitte dish is peering at the far edge of our own solar system.
it's listening to the faint signals of the most distant object ever made by humans, about six and a half billion miles away.
it's the voyager space probe, and it started its journey twenty years ago on a voyage of discovery.
amazingly, they're still sending back information as they head out into interstellar space.
but the point is, to be doubly sure they achieved their original goal, they were over-engineered, built so robustly that they're capable of surviving into very old age.
just like us, in fact, though our original goal was to make sure we have children.
but can over-engineering really explain why we live so very long?
after all, we have by far the longest lifespan of any other mammal, and we live way beyond an age when we can first have children.
well, it could, but first we need to think about what we've been over-engineered to do.
perhaps it's not just to have children and become parents, but to become grandparents.
arriving at the family reunion for their forty-fifth anniversary, bud and viola encounter something that would be very puzzling in other animals - grandchildren.
yet bud and viola's children have had children of their own, and bud and viola are still around.
so if we're capable of living long enough to become grandparents, how has this affected our bodies and the way we age?
well, one thing, and it seems rather strange, happens to women as they get older.
it's the menopause, and it's virtually unique in the animal world.
at the rate of one per month, there should be enough to last a lifetime and longer, but there aren't.
most of the eggs die, until, around the age of fifty, the body stops releasing eggs altogether.
the menopause helps us make the most of our long lives by becoming effective grandparents.
the reason is, to continue to give birth to children in an ageing body is dangerous for both mother and child.
so the menopause helps us make the most of old age.
i said humans are almost unique in this, but not quite, because interestingly there's one other animal where the female has a menopause, and that's the pilot whale.
many elderly female whales spend many years caring for the offspring of their offspring - being grannies, in fact.
it's controversial, but some feel this supports the idea that there's a similar purpose for the human menopause.
at the end of their trip, bud and viola have reached alaska.
the natural cycle of life is birth and then eventually death.
whichever one of us is left, the other one will find the strength to cope.
(bud) when my time comes, there's nothing i can do about it but go.
and i want to stick around as long as i can.
we tend to think that the human capacity for art, science and technology is what marks us out.
around 60 people will die in the united kingdom before the end of this programme.
we seldom witness death. 0ften our only experience is from films and television, which can present it as a violent and painful event.
we are reluctant to face up to our own mortality, to confront the truth that in the midst of life, we are in death.
in this final part of the story of the human body, we take a difficult journey to see what happens when this mass of biological activity ceases to be, to see how all the previous ages of our existence are undone in the final act.
death comes not as a single quick event, but a slow winding down.
it is difficult to say when every cell in the body ceases to have life.
long before we stop breathing, our brain may die, our personality lost for ever.
but the biology of death can seem cold, and distant from the human story.
(man, german accent) i want to die at home because it is not nice to die in a hospital.
there's nothing in there, you're only a number there, you know.
we started filming herbie a year after he learnt he had a fatal cancer.
i was driving in the car to loch rae, and on the way to loch rae, i collapsed.
as the tumour expands in herbie's stomach region, it threatens vital organs.
the doctors are amazed that his body has been able to cope for this long.
a couple of months ago, we created this small garden here.
i got from a good friend from switzerland a couple of roses and planted them here, because when i die and get cremated,
hannelorre will put the ashes, afterwards, around these roses that you see here.
this is my greatest wish and my will, where i want to be buried forever.
for today it's death, not sex, which is the last taboo.
but an understanding of what happens to us when we die can do much to ease our fears and dispel our anxieties.
i know i will never see this film in my lifetime.
(d0ct0r) no, it has spilled out a little bit more here, on top,
i like it that everybody can see that a human being can manage an illness like mine.
everybody can see in this film that there is a way to make the best of the end of your life.
the hospice worker and i, we talk very close together, and we trust each other.
i'm not worried about when i die, tomorrow, today, in a couple of months.
what we see when we look at ourselves are vast communities of cells, billions of them.
each one plays a particular role - a heart cell, a muscle cell, a brain cell.
in an incredible act of harmony and organisation, they work together, performing the functions of the organ they belong to.
from the very start of our lives, this tireless dedication to duty often requires our cells to die.
then cells are systematically destroyed, sculpting the fingers and the gaps between, in much the same way a sculptor chips away a block of stone.
from the very beginning of the human body's journey, death becomes an essential part of life.
in this way we can think of death as part of the creative force of life.
but do our own deaths play a part in the larger human story?
through evolution, winning combinations of genes get passed on from generation to generation.
this process, which we call natural selection, has speeded up our ability to adapt and evolve.
without sex, and the mixing of genes, we would never have evolved into such complex organisms.
but as individuals, we do pay a price for such success.
0nce you've had sex and passed on your genes, your job is done.
you hand over the genetic baton and the relay race carries on without you.
your own fate is unimportant, and death waits to catch you up.
so, it seems that we are just vehicles for our genetic material.
a couple of weeks ago, at that time i thought i was dying, honestly.
ever since, i've had this syringe driver here, because of the pain.
modern advances in pain relief mean that we can now control many aspects of dying.
and our modern medicine has also changed many of the causes of death.
better health care, combined with better nutrition and cleaner water, mean that we now live twice as long as we did a hundred years ago.
we are more likely to die from the diseases of old age, such as cancer, stroke, and the number one killer, heart disease.
i got my first surge of pain from my heart to the right side of my chest.
the pain started to travel in my back, to my back area, and i figured that it was a heart attack.
here, a tiny blockage is hampering the supply to one of the arteries.
they had me on the table at about 12 o'clock, and i watched on a monitor as they went through each of my arteries.
i literally felt the pain start from the centre of my chest, and i felt the whole thing go down both arms.
it was almost like my chest was in a vice and i was being crushed as the vice was being turned, tighter and tighter.
a machine takes over the task of the heart and lungs.
a small electric current breaks the heart's rhythmic beat, leaving it quivering, as if gripped by a heart attack.
yet, in a short time, this patient will be awake and chatting with his family.
these days, we can't decide that a person is dead just by seeing if their heart has stopped.
instead, we look to the brain, and to one vital part - the brainstem.
buried at the back of the head, the brainstem is a relic of our ancient past.
that's why, when the brainstem dies, doctors can be certain that a patient is clinically dead.
(w0man) i had to take them out of the water this morning.
christmastime was really nice, as herbie was feeling so well, and friends came.
we had a lovely dinner, and herbie had three glasses of champagne.
first i have to stand up for a moment, for a while, to walk around and get everything settled before i can move around a little bit now.
when someone dies, we miss all the things which make them human:
is there a place in our brain where it can be found?
in this experiment, we will be able to see the brain at work.
even the simple task of watching television involves my brain in millions of actions.
a single second stretched into a thousand steps shows swirls of activity sweeping all over my head.
the question is, can we find a single part of the brain that gives me my sense of myself, that makes me robert winston?
well, it seems that the brain is just a bit more complicated than that.
just as an orchestra can produce an infinite variety of music, depending on which instruments play, and when, so, too, the brain can produce limitless results, depending on the sequence in which the clusters of brain cells connect.
but the brain has more than a hundred musicians making music.
if you counted the connections between cells, just on the surface, it would take you 32 million years.
this sheer complexity leads scientists to believe it is our brain, taken as a whole, that creates our conscious self, the self we lose when we die.
but some people have come very close to death, only to revive at the final moment to tell the tale.
their near-death experiences might offer some insight into what happens in the dying brain.
i was in a motorcycle accident in which i suffered a fractured skull and numerous broken bones in my head.
it was at that point that i felt myself separating from my body and entering into the near-death experience.
and then, down in the distance, you could see this little speck of light, which gradually got bigger and bigger, as it would if you were in a tunnel, and there's light at the end of it.
(w0man) we travelled at some great speed and distance through the tunnel.
everything that ever was, is, and will be was contained in this radiance.
nearly all who have come close to death give the same accounts of out-of-body sensations and tunnels of light.
it is used to investigate the effects of high g forces on pilots.
subjects can be spun so fast that the blood drains from their brain and they black out.
we feel that our investigation of loss of consciousness is about as close as you can get to investigating that next state, death.
as the subject enters g-l0c, a gravity-induced loss of consciousness, their experiences are recorded.
so why do extreme g forces and near-death experiences produce the effect of seeing tunnels of light?
while the brain is starved of oxygen, neurones which deal with vision fire at random.
nearly all of those have been such that they are very pleasant, and almost give you a sense of euphoria.
the sensations of euphoria may be because the brain releases opiate-like substances to relieve the acute distress and pain.
these produce hallucinations in the parts of the brain that deal with memories and emotions.
this research has certainly allowed me to have a much greater understanding and reduction in the fear associated with losing consciousness and then dying.
when i talk to him now, do you think he can hear me?
the hearing is the last thing to go, even when they cannot speak.
that's why it's so important never to say anything that you wouldn't say if they were in their full senses.
people who have recovered from being at death's door have told how they heard every single thing that was said.
his heart gave away, then his lungs failed, his liver failed, his kidneys failed.
general failure, due to the effect of the cancer over the last one and a half years.
but there is a way in which our bodies continue after we die.
the cells in our bodies are made up of atoms which have existed since the start of the universe.
they are constantly being exchanged and recycled, so what today are our bodies were once parts of plants, animals, trees - indeed, other humans.
and in the future - well, this journey that each of us takes from birth to death is just one tiny step in a much bigger journey, part of an endless repeating cycle, from life to death.
in 1981, my wife hannelorre and i decided to go to live in peace and harmony in ireland.
(hannel0rre and herbie) i can look back on many fulfilling years with her.
(herbie) and i thank her, deeply, for sharing her life with me.
my wish is that all my friends and neighbours live together in peace, without jealousy and animosity.
we seldom witness death. 0ften our only experience is from films and television, which can present it as a violent and painful event.
we are reluctant to face up to our own mortality, to confront the truth that in the midst of life, we are in death.
this is what it would look like if you could see the human body cool down over 24 hours.
death comes not as a single quick event, but a slow winding down.
it is difficult to say when every cell in the body ceases to have life.
long before we stop breathing, our brain may die, our personality lost for ever.
but the biology of death can seem cold, and distant from the human story.
(man, german accent) i want to die at home because it is not nice to die in a hospital.
herbie and his wife hannelorre fell in love with ireland, and decided to move here from germany in 1981.
we started filming herbie a year after he learnt he had a fatal cancer.
when you first hear the news, it's like a shock, and you can't really think about it.
there's only a couple of months, and, all the ideas - it's terrible!
the doctors are amazed that his body has been able to cope for this long.
a couple of months ago, we created this small garden here.
i got from a good friend from switzerland a couple of roses and planted them here, because when i die and get cremated,
hannelorre will put the ashes, afterwards, around these roses that you see here.
the modern way to die is often hidden from view in the sanitised world of the hospital.
but we have not always been so uneasy about confronting death.
i must confess to feeling both fascinated and repulsed by this spectacle of death.
for today it's death, not sex, which is the last taboo.
but an understanding of what happens to us when we die can do much to ease our fears and dispel our anxieties.
the human body has many attributes which are unique, but i think our ability to face our own death is perhaps the most remarkable.
herbie, together with hannelorre, has decided to let us film the final moments of his life.
i know i will never see this film in my lifetime.
death seems an entirely cruel and negative event, bringing loss and bereavement.
yet, from the very start, there is a fundamental link between life and death in our bodies.
each one plays a particular role - a heart cell, a muscle cell, a brain cell.
in an incredible act of harmony and organisation, they work together, performing the functions of the organ they belong to.
here, the developing hand grows as an enormous bundle of cells.
then cells are systematically destroyed, sculpting the fingers and the gaps between, in much the same way a sculptor chips away a block of stone.
this process continues throughout our lives, as cells become damaged, or just worn out.
during the course of this programme, around a billion cells in your body will die.
but do our own deaths play a part in the larger human story?
are we like cells in some cosmic machine, our deaths serving a greater unseen purpose?
each one of these babies is unique, the result of the particular mix of their parents' genes.
through evolution, winning combinations of genes get passed on from generation to generation.
this process, which we call natural selection, has speeded up our ability to adapt and evolve.
without sex, and the mixing of genes, we would never have evolved into such complex organisms.
but as individuals, we do pay a price for such success.
0nce you've had sex and passed on your genes, your job is done.
you hand over the genetic baton and the relay race carries on without you.
your own fate is unimportant, and death waits to catch you up.
and our modern medicine has also changed many of the causes of death.
better health care, combined with better nutrition and cleaner water, mean that we now live twice as long as we did a hundred years ago.
we are more likely to die from the diseases of old age, such as cancer, stroke, and the number one killer, heart disease.
today, heart disease kills a quarter of the population in the western world.
(american accent) i was sitting in this chair watching a football game on television.
i got my first surge of pain from my heart to the right side of my chest.
these small arteries, less than a millimetre wide, supply blood to the heart muscle.
here, a tiny blockage is hampering the supply to one of the arteries.
when the cardiologist came in, he had seen my ekg, and he went into the hall with the other doctors and interns and so on,
severe attacks can lead to cardiac arrest, where the heart stops beating altogether.
these days, we can't decide that a person is dead just by seeing if their heart has stopped.
instead, we look to the brain, and to one vital part - the brainstem.
buried at the back of the head, the brainstem is a relic of our ancient past.
millions of years ago, this was all the brain our distant ancestors had.
keeping our heart beating, breathing, regulating blood pressure and the body's temperature.
that's why, when the brainstem dies, doctors can be certain that a patient is clinically dead.
we had a lovely dinner, and herbie had three glasses of champagne.
but when the new year started, he got weak and he got depressed.
you know, i didn't want to live any more feeling like this.
you know, normally i'm not a man who gives up so quickly, never.
in this experiment, we will be able to see the brain at work.
a hundred and twenty eight sensors pick up tiny electrical signals emitted as my brain cells fire.
as soon as i open my eyes, the brain leaps into action.
even the simple task of watching television involves my brain in millions of actions.
from there, the activity moves through the short-term memory areas, and then to the front of the brain, the part actually involved in thinking.
the question is, can we find a single part of the brain that gives me my sense of myself, that makes me robert winston?
but the output - the music, if you like - isn't just about the areas that work, but about the order that they work in.
just as an orchestra can produce an infinite variety of music, depending on which instruments play, and when, so, too, the brain can produce limitless results, depending on the sequence in which the clusters of brain cells connect.
but the brain has more than a hundred musicians making music.
if you counted the connections between cells, just on the surface, it would take you 32 million years.
the weather is a little better, the sun is coming out.
anyway, i'm a man, i like nature, the flowers and the trees, when they start to bloom.
their near-death experiences might offer some insight into what happens in the dying brain.
i was in a motorcycle accident in which i suffered a fractured skull and numerous broken bones in my head.
it was at that point that i felt myself separating from my body and entering into the near-death experience.
i became aware that i was in a tunnel, there's no other way of describing it.
(w0man) we travelled at some great speed and distance through the tunnel.
everything that ever was, is, and will be was contained in this radiance.
nearly all who have come close to death give the same accounts of out-of-body sensations and tunnels of light.
similar experiences are also reported by fighter pilots when, subjected to massive acceleration, they lose consciousness.
the sensations that we have associated with blackout nearly always include a tunnelling of the vision down to a central point where you just have light ahead of you.
so why do extreme g forces and near-death experiences produce the effect of seeing tunnels of light?
as there are more neurones devoted to the centre of our visual field, and less at the edges, the light appears to be brightest in the centre, creating a tunnel effect.
had i had the choice, i would never have wanted to leave.
the sensations of euphoria may be because the brain releases opiate-like substances to relieve the acute distress and pain.
these produce hallucinations in the parts of the brain that deal with memories and emotions.
he said - his breathing was very heavy, and he was feeling very uncomfortable -
when i talk to him now, do you think he can hear me?
the hearing is the last thing to go, even when they cannot speak.
that's why it's so important never to say anything that you wouldn't say if they were in their full senses.
cause of death is this inoperable huge cancer that he had, retroperitoneal liposarcoma.
his heart gave away, then his lungs failed, his liver failed, his kidneys failed.
we find it hard to contemplate our own deaths, to imagine that one day we will no longer live in this world.
but there is a way in which our bodies continue after we die.
the cells in our bodies are made up of atoms which have existed since the start of the universe.
they are constantly being exchanged and recycled, so what today are our bodies were once parts of plants, animals, trees - indeed, other humans.
dear friends, it was herbie's wish to read his epilogue before we spread the ashes around the roses.
in 1981, my wife hannelorre and i decided to go to live in peace and harmony in ireland.
(hannel0rre and herbie) i can look back on many fulfilling years with her.
(herbie) and i thank her, deeply, for sharing her life with me.
intimate universe, the human body, is a television series that takes cameras to places they've never been to before.
it allows us to look in captivating detail at how our bodies work, following the journey we all make from the moment of conception to our last breath.
here we are, 8,ooo feet above sea level, in america's yellowstone national park.
if you'd been on the surface of the planet earth 3 billion years ago, it would have looked something like this.
can you take me to the pyramids, where the kings are buried?
and here, i put my climbing skills to the test, because the pyramids hold one of the keys to the human body's ability to learn.
some time long, long ago, this lot and i shared a common ancestor.
this is hirudo medicinalis, better known to you and me as a leech.
in fact, it's an ability so odd that until recently we didn't even realise it existed.
actually, it's a reflex we all had in the first six months of life.
me and my bubble helmet, and a watertight camera, into the pool.
what we're trying to do today is to actually show the diving reflex which all babies have.
normally, when you're above water, you just use a clapper board.
but when you're under water, it's not possible to use a clapper board, so what i had to do was tell robert to actually bang the side of his helmet, and that "bang" we could then use as a mark point,
i might be finished, but those fantastic water babies have still got some work to do.
there's a lot more to making this sequence than meets the eye.
the aim of this entire shoot was to make the babies appear on cue in a way which would be impossible in reality because you'd have to hold the baby under water until robert had said his lines right,
and let go of them so they could swim up past the camera.
so we had to film the babies separately and put them over the top so they appear when he finishes saying certain words and swim across the scene.
the people in the pool wear blue because it's furthest away from skin tone.
which are specially-shot backgrounds which we used behind all the babies and the shots of robert to give the impression he's in a very large pool or the sea, because the pool we were filming in was so tiny.
and this is what we ended up with - a skill babies have and adults can only marvel at.
another mystery was why i allowed a different team of experts to cover my head in cornflour.
they told me it was to make hair reflective for a scan of my head.
so we needed to get an image of a person's head into our computer.
there is a way of doing that called cyber scanning, and it's actually a way you make a laser scan, which uses the same kind of laser you scan your groceries with at the supermarket.
it travels around the head and paints a very intricate picture in the computer of the topography, of the contours, of someone's head and then that can be folded up to make an image of the face which we can manipulate on computer.
the cyber scan allowed us to start this amazing sequence, a journey from my head into my ear canal - uncharted territory.
the fleshy outer ear collects the sounds that surround us and channels them down the ear canal to vibrate the ear drum.
on the other side of the drum, these vibrations are transmitted through the middle ear by minute bones.
these are the only bones that stop growing soon after birth.
an adult has ear bones the same size as a new-born baby.
we went even further into the detail of the ear with another imaging technique, scanning electron microscopy.
if we zoom right the way in with an electron microscope, we should see something remarkable:
as noise vibrates them, they send electrical signals to the brain, which we experience as sound.
an sem, scanning electron microscope, is a special microscope that uses electrons instead of light to look at something.
at times fifty thousand, you could see details on the surface of individual bacteria.
to prepare an sem, paul puts the tiny specimen through a complex process of fixing, to preserve it.
then he dips it in chemicals to remove all traces of water.
if i was to put a specimen straight into the microscope, with it containing water, the vacuum inside the microscope would cause the specimen to explode.
it then goes in a pressure chamber to finish the dehydration process.
believe it or not, it's then coated in 24-carat gold to make it visible in an electron beam.
hundreds of still pictures are taken, each time in a slightly different position, to create movement.
a 3o-second sequence like this can take surprisingly long to make.
the process for one specimen can take about three days from start to finish.
with sems, we've been able to show you some amazing details.
black people have hair which is a flat oval, so it naturally tends to form tight curls.
caucasians, or white europeans, have hair halfway between the two, so tend to have slightly wavy hair.
for our programme on pregnancy, she filmed a remarkable sequence never seen before on television.
this microscope enables us to look at the embryo at a high magnification, so we can see what the embryo's doing while it's developing.
we find the embryo, focus on it, set the video recorder going, so that we have one shot every two seconds, and we leave the embryo there for about a week.
this is a very nice technique for looking at development over a long period.
we compact it into a short period to see the changes taking place.
you start off with a fertilised egg, which is a large cell, and this cell will divide about once every day, initially.
these cells carry on dividing until there are about eight or sixteen cells, about three days after the one-cell stage, and finally it gets to the stage where it wants to hatch out of the jelly coating that has been protecting it during earlier development,
and then it's ready to implant in the lining of the womb.
i think the most exciting thing we've seen so far is the way the cells divide, the speed that it happens over.
you get a real feel for the fact that there's a long period when nothing happens, then suddenly you get a cell division, then another day where nothing happens, then another cell division.
you use a big endoscope to look at something big, like the gut.
if you look into something very small, where you need a narrow scope, then the light problems get worse.
when your brain tells you to swallow, it triggers waves of muscle contractions.
they squeeze things along in your oesophagus at around 4 centimetres per second.
when you make a sound, your vocal chords vibrate from anything from 1oo to maybe 5 or 6 hundred vibrations a second.
if you look at them directly, under direct light, they're just a blur.
i agreed to do this because i thought it would be an interesting experience.
i've never seen my vocal chords before and they do look quite cool on the screen.
throughout the series, we combined documentary filming with endoscopic shots to reveal the intricate workings of the body.
however, you can't film everything in the body with an endoscope, so we used another remarkable technique, medical scanning.
so we needed a graphic technique, some representation of the body, that was accurate, what was really going on inside the body.
in our film on pregnancy, we scanned our mum-to-be, phillippa, in a magnetic resonance imaging - or mri - machine.
we did this before she was pregnant to illustrate the geography of her body.
the machine uses magnetic fields to scan slices of her body which are put together to create the whole image.
the difficulty is the way it's used in medicine is very opaque.
it's very difficult, unless you're really trained, to make sense of that information.
what we set out to do was use the data medicine can give us - big scanners, ct scans, mri scans - to try and bring to that some of the aesthetic charm and style of television graphics,
the kind of things we're all used to seeing on tv in computer games, fly through things, voyage around them.
so we worked with a medical imaging company to write a computer programme that could do that for us - take what's going on inside the body, but look at it in an exciting, stylish way.
here, we've sculpted out the kidneys, the spleen, and the liver here.
i've never seen an image of a woman's body quite like this.
look at her ovaries, in white, and the fallopian tubes next to them.
the sequences lasting about 3o seconds take several months to create, because, from the very beginning, from gathering the data, doing the scan ourselves, or getting the scan data from somewhere in the world that's done that scan
to actually getting into a visual form, there's a number of steps involving several dozen people and at least two months a sequence.
we don't have to be inside the body to watch it at work.
using time-lapse photography, we recorded the amazing activity and growth of the body, which normally goes unnoticed.
by filming three generations of the same family, we've shown the unflattering side of growing old.
time-lapse can also trace the growth of the bones in the hand, over twenty years.
and i suppose the biggest concern was whether or not that would be possible, how upsetting it would be to her to hold her head completely still for the time required to do the filming.
although she didn't like it and she didn't like the bright light shining in her face, i knew i wasn't causing her any pain.
one of the problems we encountered was that as she got older and bigger it was more difficult to fix her, so we had to develop a way of keeping her arms down close to her body so her hands wouldn't come up
and start shaking the contraption about, so that did become a problem.
i couldn't get over how long it took the teeth to come through.
on a professional basis, i was totally unaware of the length of time from when the teeth first appear through the gum to when they were erupted and you could see a fair bit of tooth.
you wouldn't think it, but this is a camera, a time slice camera.
it's 12o cameras, mounted side by side on this unwieldy frame.
chris spencer, the director, decides where it should go, because once it's in position it's going to be difficult to move.
each camera will take a still photograph from its own position in the semi-circle around the subject - here, a metal workshop.
to achieve this, we filmed mother-to-be, phillippa, every 3 weeks, in the same position, with the same camera moves.
we then combined all these pictures to create one moving image.
it was a meticulous process made possible by a motion-control camera... a computer-operated device which, once programmed, performs exactly the same move each time.
with the camera lined up, the subject has to be precisely lined up, too.
we had to ensure she was in the right place on the treadmill each time and that the rhythm of her walking was the same each time.
the guy's developed a little piece of music for me so i know when it goes "ping" i have to be right foot forward.
that helps, because once we start and the turntable starts turning,
i don't have to think about it, because i'm in the rhythm before we started to move it round.
the most ambitious use we made of motion capture was to analyse how babies crawl.
the top speed of a crawling baby is about 2 km an hour.
we use motion analysis to reveal the underlying movement of the skeleton.
what's good about motion analysis is it can tell you things about crawling you'd never have realised.
with enough motion detectors on so the crew could make it work and bring the skeleton to life.
what we get back from the motion capture is a rod puppet which moves the same way as the baby moves, and they make that using the dots off the original baby footage.
then we attach to the dots our model over the top of their rod puppet, and that's how we can make it move in exactly the same way as the baby.
the skeleton is a combination of one we bought from a computer model company in america and some work done by a modeller here, particularly on the skull, to change the proportions to match a real baby.
i think it's a very difficult thing to do well because there are problems with capturing reality in this way and applying it with computers.
you do get a different sort of animation to the animation you'd get just copying something moving.
you get gravity and a different form of animation, which is realistic.
the end result is an amazingly accurate crawling skeleton, moving exactly like the real babies.
another way of understanding how the body works is to use a camera that detects heat.
everything that's alive, and many things that aren't, gives off heat.
before pregnancy, her breasts were colder than the rest of her body.
in the first 3 months of pregnancy, a surge of hormones causes the blood vessels around the breasts to expand.
extra blood flow in these hot red areas feeds the breast tissue as it gears up to provide milk.
we also used the heat sensitive camera to show the muscle action of a contraction during birth.
one of the biggest and most complicated shoots was what we call the "line of age", shot in a forest in the english countryside.
we started at 6 am, running the thing like a military operation.
it was supposed to be my daughter, but they didn't want her because was too young.
so she said, "you can go, mum, they want somebody over 6o".
i don't want you to feel you mustn't look at the camera.
you can look at it a bit, just not for too long.
when bosnia's parliament voted for independence from yugoslavia, bosnian serb leader radovan karadzic warned of violent consequences.
now bosnia is independent and there's growing concern that violence, even open war, could erupt, fueled by old ethnic hatreds that are again emerging as yugoslavia disintegrates.
in zvornik, people are fleeing with only the clothes they're wearing.
there are reports of young men being murdered or taken hostage.
from their dominant positions on the hills rising above sarajevo, bosnian-serb gunners can precisely target most of the streets and buildings in the city.
snipers are now operating from positions along the front lines, shooting anyone in their sights.
and for the people of sarajevo, there is no escape from a city that's become a shooting gallery.
the roads out are closed and the airport is held by bosnian-serb forces.
the electricity and water are still off, but dad has found some useless plastic stuff to put across the windows.
old teddy has got a cut on his nose, but otherwise, the selimovic family is just fine.
the bullet passed through lejla's head, if that information is of any use to you.
therefore i would surmise that this bullet was at the end of its trajectory.
natasha's brother called on the c.b. if you had called me yourself,
i would have told those boys on the hill to hold firing until you were over.
he is recognized internationally as the leading authority on the gadgets of clandestine intelligence.
he has amassed a collection of more than three thousand spy devices.
the most extensive of its kind in the world, unmatched by the cia, fbi or even the smithsonian.
melton serves as an historical consultant to international intelligence agencies and has connections deep inside the cia and the former kgb.
the collection is representative of major technological developments in many fronts, especially during the cold war.
and by studying that, it provides an insight into the cold war that is literally unavailable from any other perspective.
survival often depended on intelligence, knowledge of the enemy's strengths, weaknesses and intentions.
more than anyone else in the world, the soviet and american intelligence services felt the essence, the impact of this cold war.
the warriors of the cold war were spies and in the shadowy world of espionage, most heroes remained anonymous.
often the difference between success or failure, life and death, was their wit, their cunning and their technology.
since the primary mission of a spy is to obtain information, often the most important tool is a camera.
it must be small, easily concealed and produce high quality pictures.
this camera, the minox, was the workhorse of the cold war.
it played a major role in the most dangerous confrontation in those turbulent years.
espionage played a significant role in avoiding cold war turning into a hot war.
in 1962, the cuban missile crisis really brought the humanity to the brink of a world conflict.
his first meeting with western intelligence took place at a popular tourist hotel near marbelage.
the senior american on the team was at the head of/ the cia's soviet section.
and it's probably because i have a slavic soul myself, it was easier for me to do than it was for the brits.
they gave penkovsky a minox camera to photograph top secret documents.
colonel penkovsky being trained in the use of the minox camera.
he's taken ten thousand photographs and they all turned out to be perfect.
thousands of pages of military data from the secret files of the defense ministry.
penkovsky realized that the soviets were not as strong in missiles as the west believed.
the cia ordered u-2 flights to take pictures of the suspected missile sites.
the u-2 spy plane was a technological marvel for its time.
it's huge wingspan, seventy-nine feet, and extremely light weight, enabled it to fly at altitudes higher than seventy thousand feet.
it had a range of nearly five thousand miles and could stay aloft for eleven hours.
the u-2 carried one of the most remarkable cameras ever made.
it was designed by edwin land who invented the polaroid camera.
from fourteen miles above the earth, the camera could take panoramic views one hundred and twenty-five miles wide.
or sharply focused close-ups of details as small as twelve inches across.
in fact, we had at one point when we were driving to london to birmingham, we were translating the specifications of a missile, down to the last millimeter.
so that when the air force reconnaissance planes photographed these installations for the missiles, then it was proof positive that the soviets had intermediate missiles inside of cuba.
his british controllers pushed him to steal more secrets and to take more risks.
during the summer of 1962, oleg penkovsky stepped up his activity and had more than a dozen meetings with his courier, janet chisolm, the wife of the moscow station chief of british intelligence, mi-6.
they were just about every week for about fourteen or fifteen weeks, and that operationally, is not good common sense from an intelligence point of view.
the kgb identified penkovsky and secretly installed listening devices and cameras in his apartment on the maxine gorky embankment.
the information penkovsky passed to the west was staggering in sheer volume.
he spoke to debriefers for one hundred and forty hours, producing twelve hundred pages of transcripts.
it was arguably the most effective counterintelligence service in the world.
masters of surveillance, the kgb excelled at concealing listening devices in every day, ordinary objects called "quick plants".
but inside, it's a complete hidden transmitter with a microphone and every word that's said is being received at a receiver nearby with a tape recorder, so the information is recorded.
what appears to be just a standard executive wristwatch is actually a hidden microphone.
they had some of the best watchers or surveillance people in the world.
it would be nearly fifteen years before the west would again have the deep access to soviet secrets that oleg penkovsky had supplied.
a spy who passed vital secrets to the cia on soviet foreign policy.
his reports were so valuable the cia distributed them to the highest levels of the us government, including the white house.
number one; this is a master switch that turns the case on and off.
now concealed in this handle is a remote trigger that is part of this trim.
inside the case is a complete zorky camera that's been modified with a periscope mounting on the top view finder.
the motor, transformer and of course, wires go around to the master switch.
ogarovnik was really covered in a hundred percent way and they finally detected.
they found out that he was taking pictures of classified cables which the foreign ministry would receive from its foreign posts.
the woman quickly took what appeared to be a large piece of coal from her purse and left it on the ledge.
as she crossed the bridge to leave, she was grabbed by the kgb.
alexander ogarovnik had been arrested three weeks earlier, accused of espionage and treason.
when he was confronted with evidence, he said "well okay, okay, give me a piece of, give me a piece of paper,
he took off the cap and he swallowed poison and died within seconds.
and while the secret police, you know, the squad, which came to arrest him, tried frantically to open his mouth and to, you know, and force him, you know, force him to vomit or something.
by the end of june, 1961, the steady stream of refugees leaving east germany for work as of a pay and new life in the west swelled to over 4 thousands a week
sunday, august 13th, 1961, the east german sealed up all exit points to the west.
i was particularly impressed by the east german because the east german state managed better than everyone else to make great enrolls inside the west german society.
i would say that practically no institution of west german government was not penetrated by the stasi.
spies often need to send written messages that can not be read by the enemy.
the stasi developed several techniques of secret writing to communicate with its agents.
one method is called the wet system, writing in invisible ink
the stasi developed a different ink for each of its agents.
why are you using a felt tip as opposed to a regular pen?
when i write with a regular pen i have to use pressure.
it is a two step process to make the writing visible.
first, a re-agent is applied to the paper and allowed to dry.
during the cold war the berlin wall made it extremely difficult for stasi agents working in west berlin to communicate with their controllers in east berlin.
the stasi solved the problem by developing an ingenious device called the infrared voice maker.
it transmits and receives voice messages on an invisible beam of infrared light.
a direct line of sight between the agent and his stasi controller is needed for the infrared beam to link the transceivers.
the stasi found that women were searched less intensively than men.
so they developed a method to hide the weapon inside a lipstick tube.
and it's fired by holding the front nerling and then twisting the barrel.
if it was very close to the target, such as next to the head or close to the body, the single shot fired at a vulnerable point, would induce a fatal wound.
he personally handled more than eight hundred cases and was still involved in one hundred when he fled.
he lived in this modest house with his wife who died under mysterious circumstances.
he was last seen playing cards here the day before he disappeared.
shortly after his defection, tika was brought here, thirty miles outside of berlin where the stasi operated a remote safe house.
an isolated country estate, sealed off from the outside world except for its sophisticated link to headquarters.
its trails and walkways disguised a labyrinth of cables that controlled state-of-the-art cameras, microphones and recorders all hidden from sight.
i have ever seen the existence of this type of a house.
this is a glimpse into the most inner secrets of the stasi.
whether you were walking in a hallway, looking in a mirror orjust standing for a moment of quiet, you really couldn't tell who was watching you.
what appears to be just the normal clock in the dining room is actually a special infrared glass and concealed behind here were two cameras.
and the cameras are a special infrared video that would give them complete motion of the room, as well as, the practica loaded with infrared film that could be remotely triggered.
this appears to be nothing but a hallway, but inside was a complete hidden room.
the stasi had, in this wall, mounted a pinhole camera with a wide angle lens to give total coverage of the occupant in the toilet.
and the idea was, of course if they came in here for a meeting, they'd be photographed.
the stasi had an empire of almost one hundred thousand staff members and one hundred and fifty thousand informers.
east germany was blanketed with two hundred and thirty-three stasi field officers, all used to closely monitor sixteen million people.
the east german domestic counterintelligence was modeled on the soviet kgb.
but i think it was even better than the soviet kgb because of the german thoroughness precision and totality of coverage, so to speak
they gathered information from telephone taps, from mail taps, from street surveillance, from video photography, still photography.
ultimately, they were so successful that they swamped themselves in a sea of information.
the stasi developed some of the best surveillance technology in the world and a dedicated cadre of experts trained in clandestine surveillance.
this miniature listening device can be attached to a specific radiator or water pipe in an apartment building to pick up a conversation several floors above.
to fit a camera in a brief case , it's necessary for it to be flush.
this lens has been beveled, you can see where the brass is showing, and then it would fit flush into the plate of concealment.
the stasi were masters at the creation of beautifully designed ultra miniature cameras.
and in the 1980's they produced what would be their masterpiece.
and this is the first time it's ever been publicly seen on television.
the optics were designed by zeiss yayna, which was one of the finest manufacturers of beautiful optics in, in europe.
the operator when they trained, learned to manipulate it totally with one hand.
the operator would lean their elbows on the document and touch the camera to the center of their forehead.
and ideally, the camera should be pointed down in the center of the document.
and with one hand, they cock it, and i just took the photograph.
the agent searched the living room and produce surveillance photos with a polaroid camera.
on the table in the living room were manuscripts and hand-written notes.
at 9:08 a.m., reviser left subway stop stadtmitte and headed for the office of the magazine which he hope would publish his works in the west.
two stasi employees pretended to do repair work on the front door.
reviser and thousands like him were victims of east german repressive system.
a system it developed to the most sophisticated clandestine technology in the world
in december, the berlin wall, the symbol that divided east from west was torn down.
one month later, the last bastion of east berlin came under assault.
outside the norman strasser gate of the ministry of state security, several thousand irate east germans stormed the building, ransacking the offices.
in this innocuous looking building, once only reachable by a hidden passageway, they discovered a huge and frightening repository; the stasi central archives.
enemies of the system, accused of questioning or criticizing the state.
many times just a causal remark turns against them or an adolescent display against authority.
the stasi examined and copied the mail of three hundred thousand households.
today, government officials of the unified germany are sifting through piles of documents, shredded by fleeing stasi officers.
they are trying to make sense of the enormous amount of information gathered in the name of state security.
and to make sense of this, hundreds of airtight jars containing actual samples of saliva and odors of citizens suspected of subversion or undermining the state.
a sterile piece of cloth is placed where a suspect had been standing.
the cloth is covered with a piece of aluminum foil to lock in the scent and prevent it from being contaminated.
human scent conserved this way actually grows stronger over the years.
the stasi even developed a technique to extract a person's odor or scent through a keyhole.
at this special school in the ministry of the interior, the stasi trained dogs to track citizens, usually suspected traitors or critics of the regime.
this dog is being trained to identify the scent of a particular person.
stasi counterintelligence to track an enemy agent on his way to a clandestine meeting with his controller.
the dog's sense of smell was so acute that it could trail the suspect several hours after he had been sprayed.
the stasi's relentless determination to stifle dissent inevitably led to imprisonment for anyone who was even remotely critical of the regime.
to raise money for its intelligence service, the stasi sold prisoners to west germany for hard currency.
the west german government thought it was buying freedom for the prisoners.
it did not know that the money would be used to buy technology.
i was sold to the federal republic in september 197 6.
they used the money to buy technology that was necessary to work against the west.
photographic equipment, computer technology, spy technology which was bought in the west to be later used against the west.
during the cold war the stasi sold thirty-three thousand political prisoners to west germany for a total of three point four billion deutschmarks.
throughout the cold war, each side was protecting their secrets while trying to steal the secrets of the enemy.
for nearly forty years, spies and the technology of espionage helped keep an uneasy peace in the cold war drama of spy versus spy.
the cia used a laser engraved message to communicate with an agent in moscow.
the kgb provided its spies with a special camera hidden in a cigarette case and a device to read secret american codes.
during the cold war, kgb agents practiced the subtle art of concealment and the cia borrowed ideas from the world of magic.
it is a world foreign to the fictional james bond, because it is the real world of espionage, the world of the real 007.
the popular image of a secret agent is a very glamorous one, primarily due to the impact of this screen legend, bond, james bond.
007 inhabits a fantasy world that appeals to the armchair spy lurking in every man with his flamboyance, gorgeous women, lavish lifestyle and exotic gadgets.
the skills that he displayed flamboyant, attracting attention, killing people are just the opposite of what effective spies do.
the most effective spies in the world just steal their secrets.
i gathered up all that i had and gave it to them, the kgb.
the information that i had was a gold mine, it was, it was, you know, the keys to the kingdom.
ames was driven by the desire for money, but in order to enjoy it, his ill-gotten gains, he had to spend it.
and his spending habits made him immediately jump to the top of the list of potential suspects.
on june 1 1 th, the fbi placed court authorized wiretaps on ames' telephone.
now, the spy catchers could listen to telephone conversation between ames and his wife, rosario.
as we began to understand more and more about ames we began to see some things.
we would hear bits and pieces over the telephone that, in his conversations with his wife that might indicate that he was engaged or about to engage in some activity.
we found a number of documents that didn't seem to be germane to his work in the counter narcotics center.
it gave us a little bit of insight into the kind of access to classified information that he had.
the fbi knew it was on the right track, but it needed more evidence.
the solution was to plant a special tracking system in ames' car so that the fbi could follow him without being detected.
we thought about how we might do that and thought that the simplest way might be to invite him to a briefing, here, at fbi headquarters.
so, we had him come over with his boss, and his boss helped us by saying that he couldn't drive and asked rick to drive.
while he was upstairs, we just took the car down to the basement, here at fbi headquarters, and placed the beacon in the car.
the purpose of a beacon is to relay a message back to the listening post where there is a receiver.
that will give us the exact latitude and longitude of the vehicle, the relative speed of the vehicle and the exact time of day.
the beacon uses the global positioning system, or gps, to establish the car's precise location.
the gps utilizes a worldwide network of military satellites and is accurate to within fifty feet.
the tracking beacon has a gps antenna and a cellular phone transmitter.
it's called a trash cover, and on september the 1 5th it finally paid off.
the first real important piece of information or evidence that we found was the post-it note in the trash and it was on a piece of paper really only this big.
agents then made a court authorized entry to conduct a search.
once inside, they planted highly sensitive electronic listening devices commonly known as bugs.
your common phrase terminology of bugs, which is a transmitter, in essence it's an rf transmitter, radio frequency transmitter.
this transmitter has a microphone that will be placed facing the target area.
the signal is then converted into an rf signal, it's a unique frequency.
and then transmit it out, via the antenna, which is etched into the pc board.
you'll notice that the other end of the transmitter you have battery leads that can be connected to a battery source, or it could be tapped into the ac current and this way it would be able to run for long periods of time.
the fbi installed tiny transmitters, like this throughout the ames' house.
in furniture, in large areas like walls where a backup battery supply could easily be concealed.
in locations without significant background noise that will saturate the target audio.
nearby, the fbi maintained a listening post equipped with stereo receiver recorders, like this one, in a briefcase concealment.
this receiver will allow us to receive two transmitters, two listening devices simultaneously giving us the ability to receive in stereo.
stereo gives a fuller, more realistic sound that is easier to understand.
with the transmitters in place, the fbi was able to listen in on even the most intimate conversations between aldrich ames and his wife, rosario.
from the electronic surveillance, we were able to determine that his wife was involved with him in his espionage.
she didn't actually give any classified information to the russians, but she helped him.
she helped counsel him and gave him advice, helped him, encouraged him to not get caught and helped him to spend the money.
during the house search, agents broke into ames' computer by figuring out his password kolokol, meaning bell in russian.
we arranged for him to get a call from his boss and his boss told him he needed to come into the office.
he left the house, he got about a block away and agents blocked his car and effected the arrest.
aldrich ames was moscow's most valuable mole in the cold war.
for nine years he fed top secret documents to the kgb.
he compromised more than one hundred cia espionage operations in the soviet union and was personally responsible for the deaths of at least ten cia spies.
the kremlin paid aldrich ames more than two and a half million dollars, making him the highest paid spy in history and the most damaging to american intelligence.
it is an interesting look inside their hidden world, their inner world.
the kgb museum bears witness to the brutal efficiency of its counterintelligence during the cold war, the spy catchers.
these cia espionage devices were captured from spies compromised by aldrich ames and executed by the kgb.
adolf tolkachev, a soviet aviation specialist, he provided valuable intelligence to us on stealth technology.
he sold secrets to america for 1 8 years on soviet strategic missiles and nuclear strategy.
when the kgb search his apratment, it confiscated this digital burst transmitter, hidden in a portable radio.
a burst transmission is a way to compress a signal, our message into a shortest possible time.
early burst transmitter, like gra 7 1, compress message by using a small taperecorder.
first, the agent recorded the message in morse code onto a cassette.
the agent then transmitted the tape message by radio using a device that grinds the tape at 40 times of normal speed.
a one minute message would only take one and a half seconds to send.
on the other end, receiver has to always be monitering a certain frequency with a taperecorder.
when they receive the one and half seconds of a burst transmission, they then take that same piece of tape and run it at one fortieth the speed, and so they can then recover the original message and can decrypt it.
to secretly communicate with his controller of the american embassy at moscow,
polyakov would board a bus with his burst transmitter and instantly transmit the message to the american embassy across the street.
in a split second burst transmission went undetected by the kgb.
our method of concealing a message in an ordinary magazine that would not appear out of place in an apartment.
in this case,a special copy of the national geographic was prepared for the agent.
and only pre-determined page, in the border of an advertisement, they had used a microlaser to engrave in this tiny border line, a complete message enciphered.
upon receiving the magazine and using a high power magnifier, the agent was able to recover the cipher and decipher the message.
at the time of his arrest, the kgb confiscated schmetanin's reading glasses.
hidden inside the spring loaded compartment in the tip was his l or lethal pill.
the spy needed to be able to quickly destroy any evidence that would link them to another intelligence service.
so what they did was take a trick from the world of magicians.
this is why they are now portrayed as heroes, and in fact they are heroes for the soviet system.
they are heroes who, unlike james bond, worked in the shadows, who led double lives.
one of the most famous illegal in kgb history was colonel rudolph ivanovitch abel.
he was sent to new york city in 1950 to take over the soviet spy network which had stolen the secrets of the atomic bomb.
rudolph abel was a master of concealment and he effectively utilized dead drops.
a concealed everyday item was a means of passing microfilm to his soviet handlers.
now, it's important that if ever challenged, the spy would want the customs official to see that, yes, the flashlight does actually work
because if they continued to look inside, all they would see was two normal batteries, but only the spy and his handlers knew that one battery was not as it appeared.
by depressing the lever, you'd advance the film two millimeters and you're ready for the next exposure.
magnification of at least one hundred power is needed to read a microdot.
the most mysterious agents honored in the kgb's memory room are lona and morris cohen, a couple who smuggled vital secrets to the soviets on america's atomic bomb project.
they fled america in 1950 and four years later settled in this house in a london suburb.
they worked with the kremlin's top kgb illegal agent in great britain, gordon lonsdale.
lonsdale's mission for the kgb was to penetrate the royal naval base at falkland and provide information on nuclear powered submarines.
the kgb was particularly interested in the underwater submarine noise detection and the technology of noise suppression known as silent running.
lonsdale would pass secret documents to the krogers at 45 cranley drive in riesen, middlesex, england.
their role was to take the secrets that lonsdale brought, process them into microfilm and then conceal them in books that they would ship out across the world in their role as an antiquarian book dealer.
now, the books would be shipped to post office boxes in neutral countries that were actually fronts for the kgb.
in their bathroom, a bottle of talcum powder concealed a miniature microdot reader.
the krogers worked tirelessly for nine years processing information and passing it on to the kremlin.
can you imagine the conditions of their work, taking photographs of documents, processing these materials, working the morse key, doing all these things not in a studio, but as underground spies in their house at night with the blinds down,
year in and year out walking on the sword's edge like this?
nothing surprised them as much as this small cigarette case discovered in helen kroger's handbag.
inside is a photographic apparatus that we referred to as a roll over camera,
and this camera was a marvel of technological sophistication of the late '50s and early '60s.
because what it did, in effect, it was a portable copy machine.
this is the rollers and the film moved in sync with the rollers, so as the rollers moved across the page the film was being moved across the shutter plane.
when it was pressed down, there's a little micro switch that would turn on the lights.
the lights would be on and the lights would go off when i raised it.
you could photograph up to eighty pages on a tiny narrow piece of film.
and this level of sophistication, it was only intended for one thing and that is to secretly photograph documents.
interestingly, forty years later we'd see similar concepts being employed in modern copy machines.
all three were later exchanged in spy trades and returned to moscow.
in the james bond film, from russia with love, this is the movie world's idea of a kgb spy school.
the students learn the art of the brush contact, and how to fill a dead drop without arousing the suspicion of the surveillance team.
we would study radio technology, communication by transmitters, short wave transmitters.
the recruits were also drilled in the art of electronic eavesdropping;
how to use bugging devices and how to detect bugs or sweep for bugs.
the future spies are trained to recruit agents, the art of persuasion, human psychology.
how to handle humans in a manner which would make yourself attractive and inspire confidence.
managing one of the most important spies of the cold war.
in 1967, kalugin was assigned to the soviet embassy in washington as a press officer.
in reality, he was deputy chief of station for the kgb.
that december, a us navy warrant officer walked into the soviet embassy and offered to spy for the kremlin.
in fact, he was singled out and called number one by former kgb general andropov.
he would often ask people, "how's our number one getting along, any news from him?"
and the fact that he was named number one suggests what importance he played for the soviet intelligence.
john walker's job as watch officer in the us atlantic fleet operations headquarters, gave him access to top-secret naval codes.
the materials john walker provided to the russians were critical to our naval operations, basically anything that was of importance that had been transmitted to our ships throughout the world, communications within our navy during that eighteen year period
was probably transmitted to the russians almost on a real-time basis.
walker's information included the cryptographic key lists, which gave the daily settings for these machines.
with that information the only thing that was missing was they had to have the machines themselves.
they seized a kl47 cipher machine and turned it over to the soviets.
in order to duplicate the us navy cipher machines, the kgb needed a way to determine the internal wiring of each rotor.
on the other side, from this contact, it could exit at the letter p.
well, the internal wiring that allowed that had to be known by the soviets.
walker would simply place the rotor on this device and it would very quickly decipher the internal wiring.
he would make notations of this and then communicate that back to his soviet handlers.
oleg kalugin supervised all aspects of the walker case for the first five years.
at the beginning, john walker insisted on providing the soviets with bags full of classified documents.
the camera john walker finally agreed to use was the minox c, the advance model of one of the most popular spy cameras in the world.
he used this camera so frequently to copy secret documents that he wore out the shutter.
now he had access to all key lists and the latest cryptographic machines.
he was also a courier, carrying messages to and from saigon command,
material that quickly fell into the hands of the kgb in north vietnam.
how many american lives walker's betrayal cost will never be known.
ironically, at the same time the kgb's top spy won a us navy commendation.
"chief warrant officer walker is intensely loyal, taking great pride in himself and the naval service, fiercely supporting its principles and traditions.
he stole over one thousand three hundred messages and battle plan documents hiding them at the head of his bunk
i didn't do anything out of the ordinary in relationship to my job, which handled, which was basically handling classified information.
with walker in custody, the fbi searched his house in norfolk, virginia, and were surprised with what they discovered.
he was not a clever spy by any stretch of the imagination, but he was an extremely lucky spy.
in his desk drawer, the fbi found the rotor reader and his payment schedules.
in examining the pay sheets, it was pretty well determined that over john's entire career he had made approximately a million dollars and he had also provided to the russians approximately a million messages which, in essence, it was determined that he got about one dollar
he testified against arthur walker and jerry whitworth in return for a reduced sentence for his son, michael.
arthur walker and jerry whitworth are serving life sentences, so is john walker.
kgb station chief oleg gordievsky was stunned when an urgent cable arrived at the soviet embassy from kgb headquarters in moscow.
it was a message he knew could mean death, because oleg gordievsky was the highest ranking kgb officer ever to spy for british intelligence.
gordievsky was controlled by the british secret intelligence service known as mi6, which operated out of this building on the river thames.
he turned over more than ten thousand classified documents covering the political military and strategic thinking of the kremlin.
but, after eleven years, his life on the edge began to take its toll.
i felt really that the ground was burning at my feet.
but he also knew his refusal to follow orders would endanger his family.
once home in moscow, he found his apartment had been broken into and searched.
gordievsky used a shopping bag to signal an mi6 officer in moscow to activate the plan.
the signal meant that he was in extreme danger and must escape immediately.
after his defection, the kremlin sentenced him to death in absentia.
the only thing bond-like in oleg gordievsky's career was his dramatic escape.
the weapon can be used for thrusting, either in the heart, into the throat or into the ear or the brain.
assassins have learned to kill more efficiently using cutting edge technology.
somewhere in north america in the remote countryside, lives a man who was a real life double-oh-seven.
for many years, captain peter mason worked for british intelligence as a professional assassin to her majesty's government.
the allied sweep through german occupied europe laid bare a litany of unspeakable horrors
the brutality included crimes against allied personnel captured by the nazis.
churchill, towards the end of the war, realized that the high echelon nazis were the only ones to come to trial.
the real people that had committed the atrocities would never come to trial.
so he decided that the special service unit would be formed from commandos, paratroopers and sas people to hunt down the low echelon people and to bring them to justice in the only way that we had possible.
and the term used was "to convert to his majesty's permanent custody."
the qualifications that were necessary, of course, were expertise in firearms, the ability to take people out without being upset by it, to operate at close quarters and to have lots of initiative.
the baker team wore the special service insignia and the maroon berets of the sixth airborne parachute regiment and they were well armed.
for the mere fact that they'd been on the run, they thought they'd covered up their tracks.
the fact that they were faced with their file, their own personnel files with their photograph, their number, their family history, their relations, everything was on their file.
"... any allied personnel caught behind the lines, whether in uniform or not, were to be executed.
even should these creatures, when discovered, show their readiness to surrender, they are on no account to be shown the slightest mercy."
after they were read the riot act, if that what's you could call it, we would take them off into the forest.
two of the soldiers would grab them by the arms and a third soldier would take a pistol and one shot, dispatch him, shot to the back of the head.
we would then declare that the subject had been shot while trying to escape or had committed suicide.
for its covert missions, the baker team drove a tetra, a czechoslovakian car that could comfortably seat six.
he then hung them from telegraph poles and left them to bleed to death.
mason and his men tracked orkies to a hotel room in munich where he was dealing on the black market.
it was a job that took him all over the world on missions so sensitive that even now they are still classified top secret.
mason became a world renowned expert in the tools of his trade.
the problem with the silencer is that the barrel is usually threaded very finely, like forty threads to the inch.
and so you can't have had james bond rushing to his pistol and pulling the silencer out of his pocket and cross-threading it on the movie set.
he used to take out german sentries quietly during the war.
the weapon is accurate and produces no amount of flash even on a dark night.
the barrel has a series of holes toward the ridge, through which the gas exited.
the bullet exit, then it disposes gases cold in the first part of the chamber within it.
the dan wesson is a silenced revolver based on the delia design.
silenced weapons are generally used for a hit in a crowded area.
this doesn't draw attention to the operator, and give the operator a chance to make this escape.
this particular pistol was designed to be used in the 70's for what was then called wet affairs assassinations.
although all attempts failed, the hiptine once got close enough to take out his bodyguards.
dan wession is probably the only revolver that could be successfully silenced.
for many years, it was covered by the wide stretch of unique qualities, like its infrared scope that would not be detected by another infrared or sniperscope.
during vietnam war, the soviet kept its soldiers and all vietnamese well armed with their intelligence weapons.
lenin chose a trusted intellectual, feliks dzerzhinsky, to establish the cheka, forerunner to the kgb, to eliminate counterrevolutionary activity and enemies of the state.
dzerzhinsky was so good and was so skilled, that he began to develop a security apparatus that surrounded lenin in the early government.
by 1925, the cheka had executed more than two hundred and fifty thousand people.
so many that machine guns were issued to replace pistols as the instrument of execution.
at the top of stalin's list his arch rival, leon trotsky.
for twelve years, trotsky lived in exile, on the run from the nkvd.
but stalin's secret police found trotsky and developed an elaborate plot to assassinate him.
the assassin, ramon mercader, code named lopez, penetrated trotsky's inner circle and gained his trust.
but just before he struck the blow he accidentally turned the head and rather than striking trotsky's head with the pointed end, he struck it with the blunt end.
and for that reason, trotsky did not die instantly, was able to cry out for help and his bodyguards were summoned to trotsky.
the nkvd, and later the kgb, needed to devise new methods to kill without leaving a trace.
a secret laboratory inside the kgb known as the camera, began experimenting with drugs and poisons.
the kgb developed an untraceable weapon, but it overlooked the human factor.
wracked with guilt, the assassin, beldon stachinsky, defected to the west and publicly confessed his crimes.
but, in 1978, the bulgarian secret service asked the kgb to assassinate a dissident living in london.
the intended victim was georgi markov, a popular bulgarian writer and anti-communist.
in a weekly broadcast on radio free europe from the bbc's bush house,
markov bitterly criticized the communist regime of bulgarian president todor zhivkov.
when andropov heard this, it was conveyed by soviet intelligence people, he was in no mood to comply.
he said "i do not find it necessary to get involved in political assassination.
it worked on the same principle as this cane developed earlier by the kgb.
the key point is when you would press the cane into someone, this would twist and this sharp pointed needle would come out and would actually penetrate the person's clothing.
markov felt a slight sting as the umbrella jabbed into his right leg.
the man apologized, then quickly got into a passing taxi and disappeared.
it kills in such minute quantities, it's only necessary to have a weapon capable, basically, of puncturing the skin and introducing a microscopic sample of the poison
one tiny crystal of ricin in the vial on the left was enough to kill markov.
seventy times as much cyanide on the right would have been needed.
the pellet was sugar coated to keep the poison in and insure that it had entered his bloodstream.
georgi markov was a defector who could not escape his past.
the bulgarian secret service, with help from its kgb masters, had eliminated another enemy of the state.
there was public outrage over the georgi markov murder and suspicions that the soviets were behind it.
in reaction, the kgb abandoned the policy of assassinating enemies of the state.
the modern era of clandestine warfare was born in the second world war.
following pearl harbor, president roosevelt created the oss, the office of strategic services.
wild bill donovan was a larger than life character with charm, panache, courage, and a vision.
the oss, which became 13,000 strong was america's first spy agency.
the oss worked with british intelligence to develop several all-in-one killing weapons.
one of the ones i find most interesting is the pesket close combat weapon.
and third, if they were still alive, you could take this lanyard, pull it out and it would become a garrote for strangling.
a more simple killing device, the push dagger, allowed personnel using it to exert tremendous force at close range.
and they took the idea of a smashing hatchet and they combined the two words to create a smatchet.
now knowing the germans always wore the low metal helmets, they thought a weapon would be needed that would be large and massive, that it would give psychological confidence to the bearer, but there would be enough weight so
that if the operative struck the german sentry from the rear, and if the blade happened to catch the helmet, there was enough mass that the blow could be carried through to kill the sentry.
the new recruits also learned techniques of escape and evasion behind enemy lines.
it was often desirable to have a means of escaping if you were captured.
and how better than to conceal a small weapon than a pack of cigarettes?
but the greatest damage it would do would, it would make a blinding noise and a flash and hopefully give you an opportunity to escape.
james bond often resorted to extreme measures to escape his pursuers.
the oss developed a clever array of special devices to destroy hitler's supply lines by attacking the german railway system.
plastic explosives, developed by the british, were widely used by the oss.
the material could be molded to fit in a crevice or underneath a locomotive.
the oss also needed a sabotage device that was easier to conceal under railroad tracks.
and what they came up with was this special pressure switch.
when the train passed over, this feeler would be the only thing that would be exposed.
once that happened, it releases an igniter, there's a fuse going from here and it triggers the explosion.
to attack enemy ships in harbors, the oss developed the sleeping beauty.
one idea that they had and developed, was to take a weapon that they already had, such as the forty-five caliber colt pistol.
and modifying the pistol in a way that it would still function as a weapon but it could be used to project a dart.
once it was fired from within the forty-five caliber pistol, the cartridge would leap to the back, it would force the dart forward.
the fins would stabilize and you had an aerodynamically stable weapon.
in france, the oss organized and supplied the french resistance prior to the d-day landings at normandy.
in burma, detachment 1 01 trained kachin warriors to fight the japanese.
but unlike the kgb, the cia attempted, unsuccessfully, to use it to eliminate foreign dictators.
at the cia, richard bissell was in charge of clandestine operations.
for technical help, bissell turned to a secret division, the tsd.
the division within the cia that created assassination weapons and devices during the 1960's was called tsd,
the cia's technical services division worked closely with the army's biological warfare lab at fort detrick, maryland.
it developed a frightening array of lethal biological agents and poisonous toxins like anthrax, tuberculosis, rabbit fever, smallpox, undulant fever, botulism, and a shellfish toxin so deadly that there was no antidote for it.
the greatest challenge was to design weapons or devices to inject the poisons into intended victims.
in 1978, cia director william colby described one of the devices to the senate intelligence committee.
his new patron, soviet premiere nikita kruschev, embraced him with a highly symbolic russian bear hug.
as the un drama played out, a few blocks away, a deadly plot unfolded.
at new york's plaza hotel a high ranking cia official met with a gangster named sam gold.
sam gold was actually sam giancana, the boss of the chicago mafia and heir to al capone's empire.
later that month at the fontainebleu hotel, giancana introduced the cia official to santos traficante.
traficante, head of the florida mafia, had run the gambling casinos in havana before castro shut them down.
botulism toxin has the ability to penetrate the skin like nerve gas.
it is a virulent poison that produces a fatal illness within hours after exposure.
the pills were then passed to the mafia agent in havana, a disillusioned government official.
but the mafia agent was unable to get near castro and according to the gangsters, got cold feet.
they were going to spray him with hallucinogenic drugs while he was making a broadcast to the cuban people, in an attempt to come up with an erratic behavior.
a more lethal idea was to impregnate his cigar with a deadly botulism toxin that would make castro fatally ill within hours.
the cia contaminated a box of castro's favorite brand of cigars, but were unable to get them to the dictator.
the closest the cia came to actually killing castro was in march 1963 at the havana libre hotel.
the cia had learned that castro often went to the cafeteria of the hotel to order a chocolate milkshake.
a waiter who worked in the restaurant was given the poison pills and instructed to mix the poison into castro's milkshake.
the afternoon in november 22, 1963, in an apartment used for clandestine meetings, a high level cia officer met with major olando cubaya, code named ambush.
he was given the assassination device developed by cia technical services division.
the device was a ball point pen that contained a hypodermic syringe.
the needle was so fine that the victim would hardly feel it when it was inserted.
the poison called blackmeat 40, was a nicotine based insecticide fatal to humans.
in a tragically ironic twist, the meeting in paris to plan castro's assassination was cut short by president kennedy's own assassination.
despite publicly rejecting assassination, the cia and other intelligence agencies still find themselves involved in the assassination business.
this time, on the other side as counterterrorists, trying to prevent assassination.
moments later, exploding gunfire as one hundred and forty commandos stormed the building ending four months of terror for the seventy-two hostages held by marxist rebels.
the commandos killed all fourteen terrorists, including some who were trying to surrender.
intelligence officers and swat teams from all over the world come here to learn the latest counterterrorism techniques.
this training facility in rural virginia is run by a private company,
as james bond knows, a specially designed car can make all the difference in surviving an enemy attack
his aston martin not only deflects bullets, but has an arsenal of devious devices and weapons to use against his pursuers.
an armored car does one thing very, very simply; it buys you time.
and oftentimes, the difference between living and dying is three or four seconds.
this armored car is custom designed by a private company for international executives, diplomats and heads of state.
although it looks like an ordinary suburban, its features are extraordinary.
level four armor is constructed to prevent bullets, such as ak-47 fire, from entering your vehicle.
it gives you time to move off of that spot and to get away.
the terrorists were so bold that they warned herrhausen he would be assassinated on a certain date.
at the time of the attack, he had a thirty man protective detail and three mercedes, heavily armored with rifles.
this was his home in bad hamberg and each day the protective detail would roll in.
they would back in here with the limo to pick him up.
he'd come out the side door set down in the right rear seat of the limo.
the follow car would be setting here and the lead carjust around the corner.
you'll notice there's a couple of posts missing from the street here.
the bad guys, the terrorists, the red army faction, had chained up a child's bicycle to one of these posts.
on the luggage rack of the bicycle was a satchel containing twenty-two pounds of tnt.
aimed out the side of the satchel toward his car, is a copper plate about a quarter inch thick, about a five pound copper plate.
you'll notice that there's a line across the sidewalk right here.
about thirty days prior to the attack, the terrorists dug up the sidewalk, buried a cable eighty-six meters out into the park
when he pushed the button he turned on the infrared light beam to a reflector clamped to a post on the other side, like a radio shack, bing bing, you walk through the light beam.
he turned on the light beam in front of the second car.
now you know what's going to happen when this car breaks that light beam.
this plate goes through the side of the car and that's exactly what happened.
first time anywhere in the world that we saw the light beam used as a trigger for a roadside bomb.
the way a platter charge works, you put a bunch of explosives on the back of a metal plate.
this plate approached his car at fourteen thousand two hundred feet per second.
the first time we've ever seen an attack setup that the speed of the car made no difference.
it spun the car in the air and when it hit the ground, this is the way it looked.
one of the armor plates broke loose and cut his femoral artery and he actually bled to death.
it was a surgical strike so precise that the terrorists breached into a thirty man security detail and killed just the intended victim.
the herrhausen attack on 30 november 1989, was, in, in our line of work, the wake-up call.
when you see a person assassinated with the level of security that existed on him at that time, and they still were able to successfully assassinate him, that was the wake-up call.
that was where we all decided we need to change our training techniques to counter that kind of an attack
extreme measures are needed to counter assassins using sophisticated technology to kill.
throughout the 20th century, the instruments of death have mirrored the technology of the times.
but now, everybody knows you're just a washed up rocker, who can't tell a six-string from a shot glass.
you're probably not even worth killing... but maybe we kill you anyway !
are you constantly plagued by small annoying animals on the path?
call us to round up all your stray cats, dogs and other furry creatures...
they see you coming a mile away, ready to eat you alive !
those plymouth dealers will tell you they're cutting you a break, when all they're doing is just fattening you up for the slaughter !
all little rusty can talk about is riding in the fishbinder's new studebaker!
oh my, jeddy, you're just a little weed is what you are !
to all the rock'n'rollers out there whose guitar picks shall litter my path to vegas to claim my throne...
soon, vegas will be destroyed... and a new song of darkness will fill the airwaves !
this prediction nostradamus i brought quaterlane, idaho, wherea countrypreacher,claims that have aliens and ancestors and clients.
if elton is belaya alien this could be the chance to clean my name.
and i came to see if is it true what they say.
i heard him saying elton sermon that begins in one hour.
how far do you think we can reach until zachary's dogs find us?
and that if we manage to the guards at the gate.
the aim was to study the gua relationship between people and religious leaders and i.
let's see if we can create adherents which to receive us as gods.
i can not, i promised the girl that i will help.
you can not go further not until the feds arrested him.
lord, he blesses the rescuer and protects him in his journey.
because he is elected will lead us through the valley of the dead.
i never knew the paperwork involved in shutting down a facility.
not exactly the last brave act i wanted to do before retiring.
let me ask you, jack if we don't go through now, and the goa'uld do attack how will you feel?
how can just the four of us stop the attack anyway?
they went to the coordinates dr jackson got from that...other place.
that's the origination point of the goa'uld military attack on earth.
a goa'uld ha'tak vessel travels at ten times the speed of light.
so, if we are heading to earth, then we have a long time.
that ship had to be in orbit around or on a planet for the coordinates to work.
so, even if we were travelling at ten times the speed of light it would take at least a year to get to earth.
those things are fuelled by something, and fuel is combustible, so...
so, if we blow up one, we'll probably start a chain reaction.
i need this room converted to a command- and- control centre asap.
make sure we have a link to af satcom for encrypted communications to all air force bases and to nasa.
i never knew the paperwork involved in shutting down a facility.
not exactly the iast brave act i wanted to do before retiring.
let me ask you, jack,... ..if we don`t go through now, and the goa`uid do attack,... ..how will you feel?
how can just the four of us stop the attack anyway?
you said we couidn`t be there for at ieast a year.
i guess this ship can go way faster than ten times the speed of light.
how can just the four of us stop the attack anyway?
we'd have a better chance now than trying to stop an onslaught later.
so, the ship was in orbit around a planet when we gated here?
then it launched or left orbit, which explains why we can't gate home.
i suggest the two of you figure out how to get us home.
the only way to do that would be to go back to where we started.
you said we couldn't be there for at least a year.
i guess this ship can go way faster than ten times the speed of light.
but they're orders just the same, and i, for one, follow orders.
even though we are the only line of defense protecting this planet.
then i must return through the stargate as soon as possible.
guess we all should go through the gate as soon as possible.
hey, even if it was, how do we know that that address correlates with this reality ?
well, there's only one way to find out, isn't there ?
how are just the four of us gonna stop the attack anyway, even if we do go through ?
we'd have a lot better chance now than we would trying to stop an overwhelming onslaught later.
you didn't feel this was worthy of mention, i take it ?
the blast spread across this area like there was glass here.
so the ship must've been in orbit around a planet when we gated here.
then it-it launched or left orbit, which would explain why we can't gate home.
well, i suggest the two of you figure out how to get us back home.
the only way to do that would be to turn this thing around and go back to where we started.
even if we were traveling at ten times the speed of light,
it would take at least a year to get to earth, probably more.
listen, i want to save them as much as you do, but if we get captured or killed,
there's gonna be nobody left to blow this ship before it gets to earth.
i thought you said we couldn't be there for at least a year.
i guess this ship can go way faster than ten times the speed of light.
how can just the four of us stop the attack anyway?
we'd have a better chance now than trying to stop an onslaught later.
so, the ship was in orbit around a planet when we gated here?
then it launched or left orbit, which explains why we can't gate home.
i suggest the two of you figure out how to get us home.
the only way to do that would be to go back to where we started.
you said we couldn't be there for at least a year.
i guess this ship can go way faster than ten times the speed of light.
how can just the four of us stop the attack anyway?
we'd have a better chance now than trying to stop an onslaught later.
they went to the coordinates dr jackson got from that... other place.
that's the origination point of the goa'uld military attack on earth.
after reading your mission reports and being fully briefed by samuels,
the senator decided the sgc will receive no further funding from the treasury.
let me first say that though illness robbed me of the chance,
ever to serve in the military, i have the greatest respect for those who do.
the first woman ever created by zeus, who according to legend...
gave her a box and warned her never to open it.
despite the warning of her god, who was also her father, she did.
and from it sprung all the plagues, pestilence and evil that exist now in this world.
if they come in ships, senator, we won't be any match for them.
at their level of technology, they can wipe us out from orbit.
then you would be wise to heed our warning, senator kinsey.
for when the goa'uld finally do come in force, and they will,
we've given the nanocyte some live tissue to interact with, but they aren't touching it.
the only thing they appear to do is make more of themselves.
what if i told you i knew they were coming in ships ?
what if i said that a ship larger than the great pyramids...
was gonna land right on top of this mountain in a matter of weeks, maybe days ?
then i would be curious to know why you waited until this moment before saying so.
"beware the destroyers." now, along with that warning came a set of numbers.
coordinates that indicate where the goa'uld attack will be launched from.
when i was separated from the rest of the team, i was actually transported...
to an alternate reality where earth was already under goa'uld attack.
nor do i, senator, and i'm telling you, when we killed ra two years ago,
we set into motion a chain of events that will eventually lead...
look, all i know is the location they are going to launch the final attack from.
if you don't believe me, let us dial in the coordinates and let us go there and find out.
now, if you will excuse me, i have business to attend to.
for what it's worth, i'm sorry it had to end like this.
with all due respect, sir-- sir, with all due respect, the good senator is an ass--
he is an elected official of the government we are sworn to serve.
but they're orders just the same, and i, for one, follow them.
even though we are the only line of defence protecting this planet.
how can just the four of us stop the attack even if we do go through?
we'd have a better chance now than we would trying to stop an onslaught later.
but that ship had to be in orbit around or on a planet for the coordinates to work.
so, even if we were travelling at ten times the speed of light, it would take at least a year to get to earth, probably more.
if we capture him maybe we can get through to the old skaara.
kendra said she could fight past her goa'uld when it was still inside of her.
those things have to be fuelled by something, and fuel is combustible, so...
so, if we blow up one, we'll probably start a chain reaction.
i never knew the paperwork involved in shutting down a facility.
not exactly the last brave act i wanted to do before retiring.
let me ask you, jack if we don't go through now, and the goa'uld do attack how will you feel?
how can just the four of us stop the attack anyway?
they went to the coordinates dr jackson got from that... other place.
that's the origination point of the goa'uld military attack on earth.
a goa'uld ha'tak vessel travels at ten times the speed of light.
so, if we are heading to earth, then we have a long time.
that ship had to be in orbit around or on a planet for the coordinates to work.
so, even if we were travelling at ten times the speed of light it would take at least a year to get to earth.
those things are fuelled by something, and fuel is combustible, so...
so, if we blow up one, we'll probably start a chain reaction.
i need this room converted to a command- and- control centre asap.
make sure we have a link to af satcom for encrypted communications to all air force bases and to nasa.
how can just the four of us stop the attack anyway?
we'd have a better chance now than trying to stop an onslaught later.
so, the ship was in orbit around a planet when we gated here?
then it launched or left orbit, which explains why we can't gate home.
i suggest the two of you figure out how to get us home.
the only way to do that would be to go back to where we started.
you said we couldn't be there for at least a year.
i guess this ship can go way faster than ten times the speed of light.
single people in new york rarely ask about their dates' religious background.
for the same reason, they don't ask the number of former partners - too scary.
having been raised in the church of "be nice and don't talk with your mouth full", i decided to check out more traditional religious types in their natural habitat.
as i watched people leaving church, i was amazed at how they looked.
it all started a couple of weeks ago on a wednesday night.
samantha decided to treat herself to a night of great music.
you're gonna say that god made the body and sex is an expression of that body,
so how can anything made by that god-made body be considered sin?
i was once with a guy the size of one of those little miniature golf pencils.
i couldn't tell if he was trying to fuck me or erase me.
charlotte left us all behind telling us she had another party to go to.
she took a cab to a part of town never mentioned in the new yorker.
all she had to do was keep believing and it would happen.
at 3:00am in the church of disco, miranda couldn't believe what she was about to say.
single people in new york rarely ask about their dates' religious background.
for the same reason, they don't ask the number of former partners - too scary.
having been raised in the church of "be nice and don't talk with your mouth full",
i decided to check out more traditional religious types in their natural habitat.
it all started a couple of weeks ago on a wednesday night.
samantha decided to treat herself to a night of great music.
as i watched mr big standing quietly next to his mother, tall, proud, respectful,
i think i fell a little bit more in love with him.
charlotte left us all behind telling us she had another party to go to.
she took a cab to a part of town never mentioned in the new yorker.
all she had to do was keep believing and it would happen.
at 3:00am in the church of disco, miranda couldn't believe what she was about to say.
i decided to check out some more traditional religious types... in their natural habitat.
as i watched people leaving church, i was amazed at how they looked.
it all started a couple of weeks ago... on a particularly blah wednesday night.
samantha decided to treat herself to a night of great music.
and with that one touch, samantha... who was never a believer in relationships... suddenly became a convert.
i'd totally given up on the idea that you could actually talk to men.
actually, they'd shed a new light on his shower-free feelings about sex.
later that night, the three of us tracked samantha to the ladies' room... to get the lowdown on her love life with james.
the entire way home, charlotte berated herself for being so foolish.
she simply refused to give in to the idea... that she would never get married.
i decided to check out some more traditional religious types... in their natural habitat.
as i watched people leaving church, i was amazed at how they looked.
it all started a couple of weeks ago... on a particularly blah wednesday night.
samantha decided to treat herself to a night of great music.
and with that one touch, samantha... who was never a believer in relationships... suddenly became a convert.
i'd totally given up on the idea that you could actually talk to men.
i was once with a guy the size of one of those little miniature golf pencils.
couldn't tell if he was trying to fuck me or erase me.
charlotte left us all behind, telling us she had another party to go to.
she took a cab to a part of town never mentioned in the new yorker.
all she had to do was keep believing, and it would happen.
it was 3:00 a.m. in the church of disco... and miranda couldn't believe what she was about to say.
so you think the water serves as a retro baptism kind of thing?
if i'd known he was catholic, i wouldn't have gone out with him.
leave it to me to find the only religious guy still left in manhattan.
new york is filled with places to worship, but it recently dawned on me the only time i ever heard of anyone going into one was for a singles mixer.
i decided to check out more traditional religious types in their natural habitat.
as i watched people leaving church, i was amazed at how they looked.
samantha uttering those words to us was an event as unfathomable as moses parting the red sea.
it all started a couple of weeks ago on a wednesday night.
samantha decided to treat herself to a night of great music.
i couldn't help but notice how you move to the music.
with that one touch, samantha, who was never a believer in relationships, suddenly became a convert.
i'd totally given up on the idea that you could actually talk to men.
you're gonna say that god made the body and sex is an expression of that body,
so how can anything made by that god-made body be considered sin?
actually they'd shed new light on his shower-free feelings about sex.
later we tracked samantha to the ladies' room to get the low-down on her love life with james.
i was once with a guy the size of one of those little miniature golf pencils.
i couldn't tell if he was trying to fuck me or erase me.
she simply refused to give into the idea that she would never get married.
all she had to do was keep believing and it would happen.
faith that i would one day meet someone who would be sure that i was the one.
my friend miranda was dating thomas john anderson... an up-and-coming new york playwright.
having been raised in the church of "be nice to people... and don't talk with your mouth full"...
i decided to check out some more traditional religious types... in their natural habitat.
samantha uttering those words to us... was an event as unfathomable... as moses parting the red sea.
it all started a couple of weeks ago... on a particularly blah wednesday night.
samantha decided to treat herself to a night of great music.
i couldn't help but notice how you move to the music.
as i watched mr. big standing quietly next to his mother-- tall, proud, respectful--
i think i fell a little bit more in love with him.
actually, they'd shed a new light on his shower-free feelings about sex.
later that night, the three of us tracked samantha to the ladies' room... to get the lowdown on her love life with james.
the entire way home, charlotte berated herself for being so foolish.
she simply refused to give in to the idea... that she would never get married.
actually, just for the record, examine your zipper, it should be eyz.
did you know the s in harry s. truman didn't stand for anything?
i hope you said yes because my ife isn't weird enough.
come on, greg, he's ony 16 years od and he's reay awkward with girs.
well, not if you barf information on them all the time, donald.
brittany, you're named after a southern coastal region in france whose residence is to be regarded as a separate country.
his men were fearless desperadoes and pang himself was a superb marksman.
he shot the red tassels from the hats of the chief officer and his aide and put terror into the hearts of their men.
he attacked the japanese so swiftly, they hardly knew what hit them, forcing them to sign the sino-russian treaty.
the czar of russia personally presented a sapphire medal to pang and invited him to st. petersburg.
about feng tien's plan to take peking we'll discuss it another time.
if you can agree to our terms, don't worry about arms and ammunition.
this isn't a business deal, our emperor is interested in your province
if you present those rare jewels to his imperial majesty, he'll surely support you.
500,000 rifles and 30,000,000 bullets and $500,000 can be delivered immediately.
if we keep out the reform troops, your hopes of becoming emperor can be realized right away.
he quietly contacted his former men to meet in tai an prefecture ostensibly to worship his ancestral shrine.
the new shantung government sent a gunman to follow his every footstep under the guise of a bodyguard.
they say he didn't know the strength of his troops, the extent of his fortune and the number of his wives.
he also never counted his sons nor how many fathers they had.
'duty officer will meet you at crime scene, 200 block west saratoga.' 10-4, kga.
so the duty officer will meet us at the crime scene.
because he'd come from his office where he could have called for free, and why pay those expensive cellular minutes?
no, i assume he was taking a call because that phone is off the hook.
if this were a lexus, i'd say we had a drug-iord drive-by, but who would ventilate a 1990 cavalier with 100,000 miles on it?
how do you know how many miles it's got on it?
this guy's probably a teacher, a coach, civil servant, post office, maybe.
i could've told you that by the way he was dressed.
gibbons was scheduled to testify on monday against georgia rae mahoney and 20 of her associates.
the mahoney crew owned a judge and that judge was about to roll on them.
something to say to me, or you automatically check the stalls when you come in?
kellerman brought us a tape of a conversation he'd had with gibbons.
if georgia rae skates again, they'll put all of this on us, me in particular.
you didn't call gibbons out at the courthouse in front of witnesses?
i'll bet that's one favour for georgia rae he'd like to have back.
"judge, do me a favour and let my son out the joint.
"it's not me doing all these nasty things, it's somebody else.
"i'll go back to being me as soon as i get out."
i used that phone to call a cab at like five, six in the morning.
you were out and about in the wee hours of the morning and happened to leave your print on the payphone where a judge gets stabbed two hours later.
it's a good thing prison made you hard, cos prison's all you got left.
you'll get life for the judge, plus the 20 you racked up for molly bowman.
with the print from the phone and his messed-up taxi story, the old junior would've been crying by now.
this is the new, improved junior bunk, tempered in the pen.
 oh, i know that the music's fine like sparkling wine
-  go and have your fun -  oh, i know
we should've kept at him in the box, then none of this would've happened!
maybe we went at him too hard, gave him no way out.
 like a house built of toothpicks stacked up on a kitchen chair
 one last toothpick tore it down, the foundation was not able
colonel o'neill ordered us to lay down cover fire while daniel jackson dialed home.
general hammond, i believe they should have made it through the gate.
assuming you're right, why haven't they used that stargate to come back on their own ?
teal'c and i were flung out of this gate so fast...
neither of them have a breathable atmosphere anymore, if they ever did.
i've formally reported colonel o'neill and captain carter as missing in action.
- oh i have not hurt you, i have only made you...better!
alright, alright, listen, listen closely, i'm going to ask you one more time very simply.
and i never even really thought of it at the time, but he must be artificial too.
- that must explain how he got to be 11, 000 years old.
give me one good reason why i shouldn't break you in half.
colonel, he's the only one who can put our conciseness back into our real bodies.
well, if you think about it, the human body is just a machine.
is a vessel for our conciseness, i mean; is just an organic one.
they walked above the surface, far from here, outside of the range of the power source.
wallas, he was the last one, he gave his life for the station.
i spent too much time away from the station to create you.
hurry, there's not much time, we must repair it or else we will all...die.
it draw heat in from the planetary core, must be vented.
the surface wind drives irradiated acid rain into the ventilation system.
how do we find these vents, how do we open them?
the automatic controls no longer work and the vent are rusted close.
you and i have go a few things to talk about.
i'm not going to give you a hard time about who gets to go back, if thas what you mean.
- oh i have not hurt you, i have only made you... better!
alright, alright, listen, listen closely, i'm going to ask you one more time very simply.
and i never even really thought of it at the time, but he must be artificial too.
- that must explain how he got to be 11, 000 years old.
give me one good reason why i shouldn't break you in half.
colonel, he's the only one who can put our conciseness back into our real bodies.
well, if you think about it, the human body is just a machine.
is a vessel for our conciseness, i mean; is just an organic one.
they walked above the surface, far from here, outside of the range of the power source.
wallas, he was the last one, he gave his life for the station.
i spent too much time away from the station to create you.
hurry, there's not much time, we must repair it or else we will all... die.
it draw heat in from the planetary core, must be vented.
the surface wind drives irradiated acid rain into the ventilation system.
how do we find these vents, how do we open them?
the automatic controls no longer work and the vent are rusted close.
you and i have go a few things to talk about.
i'm not going to give you a hard time about who gets to go back, if thas what you mean.
if their stargate's been overrun by ice, possibly on a planet in the middle of an ice age.
now, there is some light filtering through up there and there are... some fissures in the ice, but all of them are too narrow to follow very far.
you wouldn't think jagged bone digging into raw nerves would hurt, but it does.
sorry sir, but i've never done this before in my life.
daniel didn't misdial... but for some reason the stargate malfunctioned during transit.
don't ask me how, i haven't figured that part out yet.
sg- 3 and i are ready and awaiting your orders, general.
i won't authorise this rescue mission unless the probe sends back the right pictures teal'c.
i think the matter stream between stargates got redirected... kind of like a lightning bolt jumping from one point to another in mid- strike.
now, i figure it had to have been the attack on p4a- 771.
well, at least we've narrowed an entire galaxy of stargates down to a handful of possibilities.
assuming you're right, why haven't they used that stargate to come back on their own?
teal'c and i were flung out of this'gate at this end so fast i don't even remember hitting the ramp.
now, they could be badly hurt, in which case we will not have to search far from the stargates themselves.
i just thought we had to combine body heat or we wouldn't make it through the night.
that's fine... it's just really hard to sleep... with broken ribs when... someone's lying on you.
once that sterno dies, we won't be able to thaw any more.
i should have gotten you out of here by now, i'm sorry.
it would have to be in a remote location otherwise it would have been discovered by now.
it could have even been buried until... recently otherwise the goa'uld would have continued to use it.
co- ordinate with air military listening posts around the entire globe.
general... when we first opened our stargate, it used to shake a lot.
i was here, i thought someone was trying an off- world activation, but nothing happened.
except for the chevrons glowed and there was a slight vibration.
we really do have all the same sensations and perceptions that we did in our human form.
well, if you think about it, the human body is just a machine.
they walked above the surface, far from here,... outside of the range of the power source.
wallace, he was the last one, he gave his life for the station.
the automatic controls no longer work and the vent are rusted close.
you will have to open up the vent shafts,... and so it manually.
you and i have go a few things to talk about.
i'm not going to give you a hard time about who gets to go back, if that's what you mean.
but the theory we have so far is that the gate creates an artificial wormhole that somehow transfers an energised matter stream in one direction along an extradimensional conduit.
i think the matter stream between stargates got redirected, kind of like a lightning bolt jumping from one point to another in mid-strike.
now, i figure it had to have been the attack on p4a-771.
the gate itself was probably struck by enough energy during the firefight to influence the direction of the matter stream before we reached the other side.
but if they are alive... if there's a possibility this malfunction sent them to a different stargate...
was it not captain carter who deduced the possible combination of stargate symbols numbered in the millions?
we've narrowed an entire galaxy of stargates down to a handful of possibilities.
if you're right, why haven't they used that stargate to come back on their own?
teal'c and i were flung out so fast, i don't even remember hitting the ramp.
they could be hurt, in which case we will not have to search far from the stargates.
it has to be something as simple as the control interface.
if we can just dig down to the panel on the dhd, i can fix it.
neither of them have a breathable atmosphere any more, if they ever did.
i have formally reported colonel o'neill and captain carter as missing in action.
- oh i have not hurt you, i have only made you...better!
alright, alright, listen, listen closely, i'm going to ask you one more time very simply.
well, if you think about it, the human body is just a machine.
it's a vessel for our conciseness, i mean; it's just an organic one.
they walked above the surface, far from here, outside of the range of the power source.
wallas, he was the last one, he gave his life for the station.
i spent too much time away from the station to create you.
hurry, there's not much time, we must repair it or else we will all...die.
it draw heat in from the planetary core, must be vented.
the surface wind drives irradiated acid rain into the ventilation system.
how do we find these vents, how do we open them?
the automatic controls no longer work and the vent are rusted close.
you and i have go a few things to talk about.
i'm not going to give you a hard time about who gets to go back, if that's what you mean.
now, i'm not letting a good animal die just so you can have its teeth, leo.
sure getting grumpy since you found out you're gonna be a grandpa.
i just hate to see bad things happen to good folks, that's all.
well, we'd like to stick around and shoot the breeze with you here,
you know, with what the ins guy said, i had to do something there.
i know you had to do something, so you... brought them home.
i still look out expecting to see all the old faces.
instead, i see a bunch of kids whose names i barely remember.
well, one of the, uh, ship's crew shot one of the illegals last night, apparently under orders, and we'd dearly like to know we'll kick in for some junk food, who's smuggling chinese these days.
oh, we got no hard evidence, but, uh, we're pretty sure the big boss behind it's benny chan.
lived on the floor, ate on the floor, slept on the floor, watched tv on the floor.
see, i didn't learn how to walk till i was 10 years old.
spent most of my formative years nose-to-nose with the family beagle.
you know, when i work on a crime, i ain't thinkin' about the crime.
instead of going all around town looking for a dog, spending all kinds of money, i went to the pound.
i get the dog, take the dog home, i dye the dog.
cause when you call back, which they know you're gonna do, they charge you for that fucking first minute again at that high rate.
if you're lucky enough to be able to call back, because the 3-hour battery you got only lasts for 20 fucking minutes.
they fuck you, they fuck you, they fuck you with the cell phones.
hey, you know what happens when you go to a drive-through?
now, i was just hoping maybe we could get together on the holidays, say christmas, we all come...
wh-wh-wh-why, you know, should we get together and see each other on christmas?
uh, in the restaurant, it was like benny was afraid of him.
hey, if benny's scared of this guy, he's gotta be chinese triad.
we'd go in my office and you know what you'd tell me?
you'd tell me something like, "doc i want to marry murtaugh."
when you call back they charge you for the first minute again at that high rate.
if you're able to call back because the 3-hour battery you got only lasts 20 minutes.
i still look out there expecting to see all the old faces.
instead, i see a bunch of kids whose names i barely remember.
we'd go into my office and you know what you'd end up telling me?
you'd tell me something like, "doc i want to marry murtaugh."
spent most of my formative years nose-to-nose with the family beagle.
when i'm working on a crime i ain't thinking about the crime.
because when you call back, they charge you for that first minute again at that high rate.
if you're able to call back because the 3-hour battery you got only lasts 20 fucking minutes.
we're on the boat and i see this barrel coming down.
murtaugh didn't see it, so i push him out of the way.
i just hate to see bad things happen to good folk.
we'd like to stick around and shoot the breeze, butler, but you're in charge so--
you were out fishing. i mean, does trouble just go looking for you?
well, it seems to know pretty much where l am most of the time.
the way i see it, those are slave ships out there.
and i'm freeing slaves, i'm freeing slaves like no one did for my ancestors.
turns out the boat's registered under a dummy corporation out of indonesia.
it'll be a rough one to crack, but we'll nail them.
i didn't learn how to walk till i was 1 0 years old.
spent most of my formative years nose-to-nose with the family beagle.
when i work on a crime, i ain't thinking about the crime.
i'm just thinking about that goddamn floor, and it pisses me off.
because when you call back, which they know you'll do they charge you for the first minute again at that high rate.
if you're able to call back because the 3-hour battery you got only lasts for 20 fucking minutes.
captain murtaugh i know this is a bad time but i think there's something you need to know about me.
-now, this is hard for me-- -l think maybe i know what it is.
i was just hoping we'd get together for the holidays, say christmas.
why should we get together and see each other on christmas?
i still look out there expecting to see all the old faces.
instead, i see a bunch of kids whose names i barely remember.
we'd go into my office and you know what you'd end up telling me?
you'd tell me something like, "doc i want to marry murtaugh."
spent most of my formative years nose-to-nose with the family beagle.
when i'm working on a crime i ain't thinking about the crime.
because when you call back, they charge you for that first minute again at that high rate.
if you're able to call back because the 3-hour battery you got only lasts 20 fucking minutes.
1 0 to 1 , i know where the money is.
20 to 1 , i know where the four fathers are.
nobody's killing it. i'm not letting a good animal die so you can have its teeth.
sure getting grumpy since you found out you're gonna be a grandpa.
one of the ship's crew shot one of the illegals, apparently under orders and we'd dearly like to know who's smuggling chinese these days.
we got no hard evidence, but we're pretty sure the big boss is benny chan.
lived on the floor, ate on the floor, slept and watched tv on the floor.
i didn't learn how to walk till i was 1 0 years old.
spent most of my formative years nose-to-nose with the family beagle.
when i work on a crime, i ain't thinking about the crime.
i'm not letting a good animal die so you can have its teeth.
sure getting grumpy since you found out you're gonna be a grandpa.
turns out the boat's registered under a dummy corporation out of indonesia.
it'll be a rough one to crack, but we'll nail them.
i didn't learn how to walk till i was 1 0 years old.
spent most of my formative years nose-to-nose with the family beagle.
when i work on a crime, i ain't thinking about the crime.
i'm just thinking about that goddamn floor, and it pisses me off.
captain murtaugh i know this is a bad time but i think there's something you need to know about me.
-now, this is hard for me-- -l think maybe i know what it is.
i was just hoping we'd get together for the holidays, say christmas.
why should we get together and see each other on christmas?
the way i see it, those are slave ships out there.
and i'm freeing slaves like no one did for my ancestors.
we'd go in my office and you know what you'd tell me?
you'd tell me something like, "doc i want to marry murtaugh."
when you call back they charge you for the first minute again at that high rate.
if you're able to call back because the 3-hour battery you got only lasts 20 minutes.
i don't wear the ring anymore but i look down, it's still there.
i still feel it and i don't know, it's like i'm not finished with that yet.
i just hate to see bad things happen to good folk.
we'd shoot the breeze with you, butler, but you're in charge here so--
one of the ship's crew shot an illegal, apparently under orders and we'd dearly like to know who's smuggling chinese?
we got no hard evidence but we're pretty sure the big boss is benny chan.
the boat is registered under a dummy corporation out of indonesia.
it'll be a rough one to crack, but we'll nail them.
when i'm working on a crime i ain't thinking about the crime.
i'm thinking about that goddamn floor and it pisses me off.
i was hoping we could get together around the holidays, say christmas.
why the hell should we get together and see each other on christmas?
matter of fact i had no friends and i used to kiss the frog too.
i thought maybe it would turn into a princess since i was a boy and it could be my mother.
i really loved him and i took him everywhere with me.
and i was riding on my bike one day and he jumped out of the box and i ran him over with the back tire.
i still look out there expecting to see all the old faces.
instead, i see a bunch of kids whose names i barely remember.
we'd go into my office and you know what you'd end up telling me?
you'd tell me something like, "doc i want to marry murtaugh."
spent most of my formative years nose-to-nose with the family beagle.
when i'm working on a crime i ain't thinking about the crime.
because when you call back, they charge you for that first minute again at that high rate.
if you're able to call back because the 3-hour battery you got only lasts 20 fucking minutes.
i don't wear the ring anymore but i look down, it's still there.
i still feel it and i don't know, it's like i'm not finished with that yet.
i just hate to see bad things happen to good folk.
we'd shoot the breeze with you, butler, but you're in charge here so...
one of the ship's crew shot an illegal, apparently under orders and we'd dearly like to know who's smuggling chinese?
we got no hard evidence but we're pretty sure the big boss is benny chan.
the boat is registered under a dummy corporation out of indonesia.
it'll be a rough one to crack, but we'll nail them.
when i'm working on a crime i ain't thinking about the crime.
i'm thinking about that goddamn floor and it pisses me off.
i was hoping we could get together around the holidays, say christmas.
why the hell should we get together and see each other on christmas?
matter of fact i had no friends and i used to kiss the frog too.
i thought maybe it would turn into a princess since i was a boy and it could be my mother.
i really loved him and i took him everywhere with me.
and i was riding on my bike one day and he jumped out of the box and i ran him over with the back tire.
i still look out there expecting to see all the old faces.
instead, i see a bunch of kids whose names i barely remember.
we'd go into my office and you know what you'd end up telling me?
you'd tell me something like, "doc i want to marry murtaugh."
spent most of my formative years nose-to-nose with the family beagle.
when i'm working on a crime i ain't thinking about the crime.
because when you call back, they charge you for that first minute again at that high rate.
if you're able to call back because the 3-hour battery you got only lasts 20 fucking minutes.
the way i see it, those are slave ships out there.
and i'm freeing slaves like no one did for my ancestors.
we'd go in my office and you know what you'd tell me?
you'd tell me something like, "doc i want to marry murtaugh."
when you call back they charge you for the first minute again at that high rate.
if you're able to call back because the 3-hour battery you got only lasts 20 minutes.
i just hate to see bad things happen to good folk.
we'd shoot the breeze with you, butler, but you're in charge here so--
i still look out there expecting to see all the old faces.
instead, i see a bunch of kids whose names i barely remember.
one of the ship's crew shot an illegal, apparently under orders and we'd dearly like to know who's smuggling chinese?
we got no hard evidence but we're pretty sure the big boss is benny chan.
the boat is registered under a dummy corporation out of indonesia.
it'll be a rough one to crack, but we'll nail them.
when i'm working on a crime i ain't thinking about the crime.
i'm thinking about that goddamn floor and it pisses me off.
captain murtaugh i know this is a bad time but i think there's something you need to know about me.
-this is hard for me to-- -l think maybe i know what it is.
i don't wear the ring anymore but i look down, it's still there.
i still feel it and i don't know, it's like i'm not finished with that yet.
i just hate to see bad things happen to good folk.
we'd shoot the breeze with you, butler, but you're in charge here so--
one of the ship's crew shot an illegal, apparently under orders and we'd dearly like to know who's smuggling chinese?
we got no hard evidence but we're pretty sure the big boss is benny chan.
the boat is registered under a dummy corporation out of indonesia.
it'll be a rough one to crack, but we'll nail them.
when i'm working on a crime i ain't thinking about the crime.
i'm thinking about that goddamn floor and it pisses me off.
i was hoping we could get together around the holidays, say christmas.
why the hell should we get together and see each other on christmas?
matter of fact i had no friends and i used to kiss the frog too.
i thought maybe it would turn into a princess since i was a boy and it could be my mother.
i really loved him and i took him everywhere with me.
and i was riding on my bike one day and he jumped out of the box and i ran him over with the back tire.
the way i see it, those are slave ships out there.
and i'm freeing slaves like no one did for my ancestors.
we'd go in my office and you know what you'd tell me?
you'd tell me something like, "doc i want to marry murtaugh. "
when you call back they charge you for the first minute again at that high rate.
if you're able to call back because the 3-hour battery you got only lasts 20 minutes.
the way i see it, those are slave ships out there.
and i'm freeing slaves like no one did for my ancestors.
we'd go in my office and you know what you'd tell me?
you'd tell me something like, "doc i want to marry murtaugh."
i'm not letting a good animal die so you can have its teeth.
sure getting grumpy since you found out you're gonna be a grandpa.
i just hate to see bad things happen to good folk.
we'd like to stick around and shoot the breeze, butler, but you're in charge so--
you were out fishing. i mean, does trouble just go looking for you?
well, it seems to know pretty much where l am most of the time.
the way i see it, those are slave ships out there.
and i'm freeing slaves, i'm freeing slaves like no one did for my ancestors.
one of the ship's crew shot one of the illegals, apparently under orders and we'd dearly like to know who's smuggling chinese these days.
we got no hard evidence, but we're pretty sure the big boss is benny chan.
i didn't learn how to walk till i was 1 0 years old.
spent most of my formative years nose-to-nose with the family beagle.
when i work on a crime, i ain't thinking about the crime.
i'm just thinking about that goddamn floor, and it pisses me off.
it's an interesting idea, but we're a big company, miss alexander.
and we employ a lot of telepaths who belong to the psi corps.
they must be members of the corps or our insurance wouldn't cover their activities.
if i did what you asked, well, i'd violate our contract with the psi corps and they could yank our people, and it'd put us at a substantial disadvantage.
when every day is a risk cards and dice are not quite as interesting as they used to be.
well, i'm sure you'll find something to occupy your time the rest of the day.
lise, just try to understand that i have had my mind messed with by bester.
i was captured by the mars resistance, within an inch of being executed.
but i can at least be in control of what i do to myself.
so you don't mind going off the road as long as you're behind the wheel.
captain, i've been thinking about the coded signals we've been intercepting from the centauri.
so far, i've only been able to decode three words: "do not reply."
and you assigned lennier to the crew on a covert mission to spy on them.
now, it is absolutely inappropriate of you to pull a stunt like that without telling me.
it was inappropriate for me to assign lennier to that part of space without informing you.
just as it was inappropriate for you not to assign him there.
i called you in here to confront you about using the rangers to gather covert information without telling me.
so why am i, all of a sudden, having to defend myself?
i continue to track the path of the tachyon signal that will, i hope, lead to a hidden centauri base.
i've discovered that the distance from that location to any rendezvous point is longer than my supply of oxygen, unless extreme measures are taken.
i'm thus entering a meditative state which will allow me to conserve air and energy.
i've programmed the ship to continue on autopilot and monitor our situation.
we had been trying to reacquire the telepathic gene ever since our own telepaths were wiped out by the shadows as a protection against their return.
the shadows are gone now, but we remain one of the few races without telepaths.
we were celebrating his engagement to a surveyor named catherine sakai.
that same night, though, president santiago was assassinated i got shot in the back and nearly killed.
i see we were talking about the same thing after all.
and from now on, i will bring the special coffee, if that is what sir wants.
they carry an emergency air supply in case they're left behind during a battle.
under normal conditions, that can sustain a pilot for 36 hours.
it has now been almost 48 hours since lennier took off.
now, it's possible to extend that period by meditating to lower heartbeat and respiration.
and they have access to many of the ships and weapons we left behind on their homeworld.
more than enough to fool others into believing we were involved.
but many of his people consider him too close to us and have not informed him of their intentions.
you must do everything you can to stop them from blaming our people for these attacks.
even a couple of ships in exchange for access to telepath dna, with one stipulation.
they have asked me to ask you if you would be willing to have your people listen in on the thoughts of the other ambassadors from time to time and report in on what you find.
as soon as they're ready to jump, move us into the field of debris.
with luck, they won't notice us with so much else floating around.
i have never done that in all the time you and i have been here.
and i think very soon we will never have another chance.
and after that we're going to need you like we've never needed you before.
now, this catalog of various biologies will not be used for warfare, i assume.
delenn and sheridan have called for a council meeting tomorrow morning.
since there were to be no more meetings until they knew who the attackers were they must have found something.
it's an interesting idea, but we're a big company, miss alexander.
and we employ a lot of telepaths who belong to the psi corps.
they must be members of the corps or our insurance wouldn't cover their activities.
if i did what you asked, well, i'd violate our contract with the psi corps and they could yank our people, and it'd put us at a substantial disadvantage.
when every day is a risk cards and dice are not quite as interesting as they used to be.
well, i'm sure you'll find something to occupy your time the rest of the day.
lise, just try to understand that i have had my mind messed with by bester.
i was captured by the mars resistance, within an inch of being executed.
but i can at least be in control of what i do to myself.
so you don't mind going off the road as long as you're behind the wheel.
captain, i've been thinking about the coded signals we've been intercepting from the centauri.
so far, i've only been able to decode three words: "do not reply."
and you assigned lennier to the crew on a covert mission to spy on them.
now, it is absolutely inappropriate of you to pull a stunt like that without telling me.
it was inappropriate for me to assign lennier to that part of space without informing you.
just as it was inappropriate for you not to assign him there.
i called you in here to confront you about using the rangers to gather covert information without telling me.
so why am i, all of a sudden, having to defend myself?
i continue to track the path of the tachyon signal that will, i hope, lead to a hidden centauri base.
i've discovered that the distance from that location to any rendezvous point is longer than my supply of oxygen, unless extreme measures are taken.
i'm thus entering a meditative state which will allow me to conserve air and energy.
i've programmed the ship to continue on autopilot and monitor our situation.
we had been trying to reacquire the telepathic gene ever since our own telepaths were wiped out by the shadows as a protection against their return.
the shadows are gone now, but we remain one of the few races without telepaths.
we were celebrating his engagement to a surveyor named catherine sakai.
that same night, though, president santiago was assassinated i got shot in the back and nearly killed.
i see we were talking about the same thing after all.
and from now on, i will bring the special coffee, if that is what sir wants.
they carry an emergency air supply in case they're left behind during a battle.
under normal conditions, that can sustain a pilot for 36 hours.
it has now been almost 48 hours since lennier took off.
now, it's possible to extend that period by meditating to lower heartbeat and respiration.
and they have access to many of the ships and weapons we left behind on their homeworld.
more than enough to fool others into believing we were involved.
but many of his people consider him too close to us and have not informed him of their intentions.
you must do everything you can to stop them from blaming our people for these attacks.
even a couple of ships in exchange for access to telepath dna, with one stipulation.
they have asked me to ask you if you would be willing to have your people listen in on the thoughts of the other ambassadors from time to time and report in on what you find.
as soon as they're ready to jump, move us into the field of debris.
with luck, they won't notice us with so much else floating around.
i have never done that in all the time you and i have been here.
and i think very soon we will never have another chance.
and after that we're going to need you like we've never needed you before.
now, this catalog of various biologies will not be used for warfare, i assume.
delenn and sheridan have called for a council meeting tomorrow morning.
since there were to be no more meetings until they knew who the attackers were they must have found something.
who will have an advantage no one else has ever had before.
instant communication with each other and whatever life forms they happen to encounter.
look, your ships keep to a tight schedule with only a few days at each new planet to determine its value.
with 200 telepaths spreading out around a planet learning its resources and culture you'd learn 10 times what any other crew could learn in the same amount of time.
and we employ a lot of telepaths who belong to the psi corps.
they must be members of the corps or our insurance wouldn't cover their activities.
and we've had another request from the royal court for information on the trade deals with the alliance worlds.
they would like the report of the timetables and the shipments by today if possible.
i was thinking, and i've decided what you need most right now is a dose of normality.
so tonight, you have the honor of taking me out on a date.
the thing about drinking is, one of us has got to be in control.
and if it's not gonna be me, it's gonna be the booze.
i may not be able to control what other people do to me.
but i can at least be in control of what i do to myself.
so far, i've only been able to decode "do not reply. "
probably means they have a ship out there and they don't want anyone to figure out where they're going.
so you wouldn't want it to reply and give away its location.
even if you were right, what good does it do you?
because i found it was operating on the border of centauri space without my knowledge.
as head of the rangers, i have discretionary power over their assignments.
i have been working up a good mad all day and i am not about to let you undercut it by agreeing with me.
it was inappropriate for me to assign lennier to that part of space without informing you.
and that is why you did not assign him to that area, isn't it?
i called you in here to confront you about using the rangers to gather covert information without telling me.
so why am i, all of a sudden, having to defend myself?
i did not tell you so you would have deniability in case things went badly.
i've discovered that the distance from that location to any rendezvous point is longer than my supply of oxygen, unless extreme measures are taken.
i'm thus entering a meditative state which will allow me to conserve air and energy.
i've been told that each world's internal affairs are considered private.
this is about as internal an affair as i can think of.
we were celebrating his engagement to a surveyor named catherine sakai.
that same night, though, president santiago was assassinated i got shot in the back and nearly killed.
i see we were talking about the same thing after all.
and from now on, i will bring the special coffee, if that is what sir wants.
they carry an emergency air supply in case they're left behind during a battle.
under normal conditions, that can sustain a pilot for 36 hours.
it has now been almost 48 hours since lennier took off.
now, it's possible to extend that period by meditating to lower heartbeat and respiration.
and they have access to many of the ships and weapons we left behind on their homeworld.
more than enough to fool others into believing we were involved.
but many of his people consider him too close to us and have not informed him of their intentions.
you must do everything you can to stop them from blaming our people for these attacks.
even a couple of ships in exchange for access to telepath dna, with one stipulation.
they have asked me to ask you if you would be willing to have your people listen in on the thoughts of the other ambassadors from time to time and report in on what you find.
as soon as they're ready to jump, move us into the field of debris.
with luck, they won't notice us with so much else floating around.
i have never done that in all the time you and i have been here.
and i think very soon we will never have another chance.
and after that we're going to need you like we've never needed you before.
now, this catalog of various biologies will not be used for warfare, i assume.
delenn and sheridan have called for a council meeting tomorrow morning.
since there were to be no more meetings until they knew who the attackers were...
and since i don't believe in god, that kind of narrows the odds a bit.
by this time tomorrow, we're gonna be at war with the centauri.
you gave me a copy of your pass code back on mars, remember?
right after you said, "listen, hon, i'm just going to babylon 5 for a few weeks.
twenty hours prior to each attack, we've intercepted coded centauri signals.
now, i've yet to determine their location or their destination but i believe they may be instructions for the attacks.
fortunately, he has been too busy keeping the alliance from falling apart.
when we have proof the centauri are responsible for these attacks we'll bring him into it.
who will have an advantage no one else has ever had before.
instant communication with each other and whatever life forms they happen to encounter.
look, your ships keep to a tight schedule with only a few days at each new planet to determine its value.
with 200 telepaths spreading out around a planet learning its resources and culture you'd learn 10 times what any other crew could learn in the same amount of time.
and we employ a lot of telepaths who belong to the psi corps.
they must be members of the corps or our insurance wouldn't cover their activities.
and we've had another request from the royal court for information on the trade deals with the alliance worlds.
they would like the report of the timetables and the shipments by today if possible.
i was thinking, and i've decided what you need most right now is a dose of normality.
so tonight, you have the honor of taking me out on a date.
the thing about drinking is, one of us has got to be in control.
and if it's not gonna be me, it's gonna be the booze.
i may not be able to control what other people do to me.
but i can at least be in control of what i do to myself.
so far, i've only been able to decode three words: "do not reply."
probably means they have a ship out there and they don't want anyone to figure out where they're going.
so you wouldn't want it to reply and give away its location.
even if you were right, what good does it do you?
because i found it was operating on the border of centauri space without my knowledge.
as head of the rangers, i have discretionary power over their assignments.
i have been working up a good mad all day and i am not about to let you undercut it by agreeing with me.
it was inappropriate for me to assign lennier to that part of space without informing you.
and that is why you did not assign him to that area, isn't it?
i called you in here to confront you about using the rangers to gather covert information without telling me.
so why am i, all of a sudden, having to defend myself?
i did not tell you so you would have deniability in case things went badly.
i've discovered that the distance from that location to any rendezvous point is longer than my supply of oxygen, unless extreme measures are taken.
i'm thus entering a meditative state which will allow me to conserve air and energy.
i've been told that each world's internal affairs are considered private.
this is about as internal an affair as i can think of.
last time when i was here, it was me, ivanova and sinclair.
we were celebrating his engagement to a surveyor named catherine sakai.
now, why don't you and i just have a romantic, quiet evening, just the two of us.
and then we'll go back to my quarters and we'll make up for all that time that we've been missing.
under normal conditions, that can sustain a pilot for 36 hours.
it has now been almost 48 hours since lennier took off.
you must do everything you can to stop them from blaming our people for these attacks.
if they attempt to move against us we will fight back.
there's still a little bit of decency left in me, g'kar.
even if it means blowing the deal, i can't do this.
but now that we know the truth, we have an obligation to follow where it leads.
i'll pass the word to the rest of the ambassadors call for a closed session first thing tomorrow to consider the evidence.
and since i don't believe in god, that kind of narrows the odds a bit.
by this time tomorrow, we're gonna be at war with the centauri.
you gave me a copy of your pass code back on mars, remember?
right after you said, "listen, hon, i'm just going to babylon 5 for a few weeks.
twenty hours prior to each attack, we've intercepted coded centauri signals.
now, i've yet to determine their location or their destination but i believe they may be instructions for the attacks.
fortunately, he has been too busy keeping the alliance from falling apart.
when we have proof the centauri are responsible for these attacks we'll bring him into it.
who will have an advantage no one else has ever had before.
instant communication with each other and whatever life forms they happen to encounter.
look, your ships keep to a tight schedule with only a few days at each new planet to determine its value.
with 200 telepaths spreading out around a planet learning its resources and culture you'd learn 10 times what any other crew could learn in the same amount of time.
and we employ a lot of telepaths who belong to the psi corps.
they must be members of the corps or our insurance wouldn't cover their activities.
and we've had another request from the royal court for information on the trade deals with the alliance worlds.
they would like the report of the timetables and the shipments by today if possible.
i was thinking, and i've decided what you need most right now is a dose of normality.
so tonight, you have the honor of taking me out on a date.
the thing about drinking is, one of us has got to be in control.
and if it's not gonna be me, it's gonna be the booze.
i may not be able to control what other people do to me.
but i can at least be in control of what i do to myself.
so far, i've only been able to decode three words: "do not reply."
probably means they have a ship out there and they don't want anyone to figure out where they're going.
so you wouldn't want it to reply and give away its location.
even if you were right, what good does it do you?
because i found it was operating on the border of centauri space without my knowledge.
as head of the rangers, i have discretionary power over their assignments.
i have been working up a good mad all day and i am not about to let you undercut it by agreeing with me.
it was inappropriate for me to assign lennier to that part of space without informing you.
and that is why you did not assign him to that area, isn't it?
i called you in here to confront you about using the rangers to gather covert information without telling me.
so why am i, all of a sudden, having to defend myself?
i did not tell you so you would have deniability in case things went badly.
i've discovered that the distance from that location to any rendezvous point is longer than my supply of oxygen, unless extreme measures are taken.
i'm thus entering a meditative state which will allow me to conserve air and energy.
i've been told that each world's internal affairs are considered private.
this is about as internal an affair as i can think of.
last time when i was here, it was me, ivanova and sinclair.
we were celebrating his engagement to a surveyor named catherine sakai.
now, why don't you and i just have a romantic, quiet evening, just the two of us.
and then we'll go back to my quarters and we'll make up for all that time that we've been missing.
under normal conditions, that can sustain a pilot for 36 hours.
it has now been almost 48 hours since lennier took off.
you must do everything you can to stop them from blaming our people for these attacks.
if they attempt to move against us we will fight back.
there's still a little bit of decency left in me, g'kar.
even if it means blowing the deal, i can't do this.
but now that we know the truth, we have an obligation to follow where it leads.
i'll pass the word to the rest of the ambassadors call for a closed session first thing tomorrow to consider the evidence.
and since i don't believe in god, that kind of narrows the odds a bit.
by this time tomorrow, we're gonna be at war with the centauri.
you gave me a copy of your pass code back on mars, remember?
right after you said, "listen, hon, i'm just going to babylon 5 for a few weeks.
twenty hours prior to each attack, we've intercepted coded centauri signals.
now, i've yet to determine their location or their destination but i believe they may be instructions for the attacks.
fortunately, he has been too busy keeping the alliance from falling apart.
when we have proof the centauri are responsible for these attacks we'll bring him into it.
who will have an advantage no one else has ever had before.
instant communication with each other and whatever life forms they happen to encounter.
look, your ships keep to a tight schedule with only a few days at each new planet to determine its value.
with 200 telepaths spreading out around a planet learning its resources and culture you'd learn 10 times what any other crew could learn in the same time.
and we employ a lot of telepaths who belong to the psi corps.
they must be members of the corps or our insurance wouldn't cover their activities.
and we've had another request from the royal court for information on the trade deals with the alliance worlds.
they would like the report of the timetables and the shipments by today.
i was thinking, and i've decided what you need most right now is a dose of normality.
so tonight, you have the honor of taking me out on a date.
the thing about drinking is, one of us has got to be in control.
and if it's not gonna be me, it's gonna be the booze.
i may not be able to control what other people do to me.
but i can at least be in control of what i do to myself.
so far, i've only been able to decode three words: "do not reply."
probably means they have a ship out there and they don't want anyone to figure out where they're going.
so you wouldn't want it to reply and give away its location.
even if you were right, what good does it do you?
because i found it was operating on the border of centauri space without my knowledge.
as head of the rangers, i have discretionary power over assignments.
i have been working up a good mad all day and i am not about to let you undercut it by agreeing with me.
it was inappropriate for me to assign lennier to that part of space without informing you.
and that is why you did not assign him to that area, isn't it?
i called you in here to confront you about using the rangers to gather covert information without telling me.
so why am i, all of a sudden, having to defend myself?
i did not tell you so you would have deniability in case things went badly.
i've discovered that the distance from that location to any rendezvous point is longer than my supply of oxygen, unless extreme measures are taken.
i'm thus entering a meditative state which will allow me to conserve air and energy.
i've been told that each world's internal affairs are considered private.
this is about as internal an affair as i can think of.
last time when i was here, it was me, ivanova and sinclair.
we were celebrating his engagement to a surveyor named catherine sakai.
now, why don't you and i just have a romantic, quiet evening, just the two of us.
and then we'll go back to my quarters and we'll make up for all that time that we've been missing.
under normal conditions, that can sustain a pilot for 36 hours.
it has now been almost 48 hours since lennier took off.
you must do everything you can to stop them from blaming our people for these attacks.
if they attempt to move against us we will fight back.
there's still a little bit of decency left in me, g'kar.
even if it means blowing the deal, i can't do this.
but now that we know the truth, we have an obligation to follow where it leads.
i'll pass the word to the rest of the ambassadors call for a closed session first thing tomorrow to consider the evidence.
and since i don't believe in god, that kind of narrows the odds a bit.
by this time tomorrow, we're gonna be at war with the centauri.
jail of lin-an... used to be a famous prison in ancient china
whoever is sent there can... never leave alive... especially women women sent there, whether they are fair lady or flirty women will always be tortured to death, of course, by the jailer
because if others find you escape, we four will be killed
anyway, you have already let us four enjoy your body... you might let those 20 prisoners enjoy you as well
if you like any of them, vote for here with 5 taels
whoever gets the most votes will be selected the best girl
though whom he really loves is susan... he is indeed sexually abnormal
common women... who make love with him usually cry as they can't bear
fanny knows this is the only chance she can run away from whorehouse, so she jumps at the chance
however, in her mind, she hates susan as she snatches chu chi ang from her... that susan also harms her by making her suffer from sir lui
she has promised herself... she must revenge on susan one day
chu chi ang is a youngster anyway, he's drowning in sex
if everyone asks me to give face, what do i live on?
whoever doesn't pay his debts here... will be beaten to death
then she can drag the time and wait till master chu picks her up
before susan leaves, she tells buddy chinyun that... if chu chi ang comes back, she must ask him to find her in lin-an at lui's place
susan wonders... why sir lui takes her out on the wedding night
in fact, this is a game of his sexual abnormal behaviour
he's busier than you, he's making love hard in susan's room
look how much you need men, he hasn't touched you for ages?
i'm wondering... if the wine i prepare is enough or not
i don't think so, you must be thinking of master chu
this letters say you want to cut off relation with him, it's reasonable
you're very good to give him 1 00 taels... as expenses home
i only take concubines, and not a wife anymore... just because i want to find a perfect wife
i was once a whore, how can i become a perfect wife?
but ever since my husband brought susan back, my husband seldom slept with me
it was his birthday last night, he went into susan's room
i did remind her not to let others take more than one serving
if a man takes over-dosage, his penis will shrink at the intercourse
i have much money now, you may live here from now on
as long as i'm happy, you can study here, and sit for next year exam
buy a couple of buffaloes with the money you'll spend on books.
the boy will drink milk and become as tough as us!
i've called for a secret meeting so nobody outside hears about it.
otherwise people attached to him, who'll suffer by his arrest will have him killed.
madam this is australia not india you can't stop and talk midway...
go and talk of love in a garden sing, dance, makes no difference.
if not, shut your eyes and say in your heart... i'll appear again.
and if not, shut your eyes and say in your heart... i'll reappear.
if you have a file on me, i have a file of your deeds.
that file will go to the police soon as i die.
you haven't seen the man who gave you a contract to love my daughter?
i accept contracts for killing not to play games of love!
the one you think is your son, is not your son!
he became your son so that he could kill your husband.
your father's name is top most in my list of enemies.
if a wife can support you against her husband in your fight ...
we have no doubt that you are a very very good soldier.
but because of your training we don't think you'll ever be able to function in a group like this:
well he didn't say the word "growl." he said, "a throat noise."
but i asked him to imitate it, and it sounded like a growl to me.
he was last seen on the merry-go-round at the science center at 11:00.
we interviewed everybody at the scene and no one saw anything.
we're looking for anyone who might have an unusual attachment to sean.
we need to know if the marshall's had any enemies, out for revenge, disputes.
'baltimore police are asking for help tonight in their search for sean marshall.
'here are sean's parents, amy and david marshall, 'with a personal plea to their son's abductor.'
still no closer to finding this sean marshall, or so "the sun" informs us.
you know, in some ways, i'd rather be working on a murder.
i feel like i have spent my whole life wanting things that i don't have, like a man who will love me unconditionally, a baby and hair that doesn't frizz in the rain.
not that i wouldn't be open to marriage, if the right man came along or a baby.
sooner rather than later.' 'lt was every parent's worst nightmare, a missing child.
'sean marshall, four years old was snatched by a stranger 'as he rode the merry-go-round at baltimore's inner harbor.
'but unlike so many cases and after a full-scale investigation, 'less than a day and a half later, sean's been safely reunited with his family, 'giving hope to the hearts of parents everywhere 'and a chance to believe in love and luck
'and the hard work of the men and women of our nation's police forces.
it's such a hard decision but i don't feel like i can raise a child in this screwy world.
if you don't feel fit to raise a child, an abortion is the answer.
well, i think you need to keep your laws off of my body!
if you want to change the law you'll have to speak with your congressman.
what right do i have bringing another child into this overpopulated world?
then again, i should have thought of that before having sex.
we will drink cocoa and watch tv until team b makes it through the duct.
by that time, team b- that's you, kenny should reach the outer core of the generator.
once you reach the top, you will see us through this window watching tv.
then you can proceed into the generator and power it on.
at the end of tonight's episode, you will know the answer.
and now, to continue, the father is indeed someone in this room.
was it the school counselor, or was it ms. crabtree, or was it....
hey, wait a minute, i didn't find out who my father was!
i'm the captain so climb aboard we'll search for tomorrow on every shore
and i'll try, oh lord, i'll tryto carry ondee bee bedeebee bee bedeebee bee bedeebee bee bedee
gathering of angels appeared above our heads they sang to us this song of hope and this is what they said, they saidcome sail awaycome sail away come sail away with me
lord, come sail awaycome sail away come sail away with me
i thought that they were angelsbut to my surprise we climbed aboard their starship
and headed for the skiescome sail away come sail awaycome sail away with me
we just want to do a re-creation of the story for our show.
then we'll flash a number on the screen that people can call if they have any information regarding the identity or location of the shooter.
cartman, yes, it's such a hard decision, but i just don't feel that i can raise a child in this screwy world.
yes, ms. cartman, if you don't feel fit to raise a child, an abortion probably is the answer.
but, but we prefer to abort babies a little earlier on.
in fact, there's a law against abortions after the second trimester.
but the person at unplanned parenthood said you were who i had talk to about changing the law.
no, no, i think you've got to talk to the governor about that stuff.
i'm sailing a.... way.set an open course for the virgin sea.
cause i've got to be free free to face the life that's ahead of me
i'm going to get the man to hospital, who will help me?
- this is not a world i want to live in; it is an angry....
i should have a right to have an abortion if i want one.
mra, i don't know, i, i might need some more convincing.
i mean, what right do i have bringing another child into this overpopulated world?
then again, i should have thought of that before having sex.
i found a map that shows the location of a backup generator.
apparently they built a large, self-sustaining, generator for just this kind of emergency,
now listen closely team b; your goal will be to turn on the backup generator.
to do this, you must brave the storm outside, and get into this sewage duct.
meanwhile, team a will go to the holding area, here, where this is a television and some cocoa.
we will drink the cocoa and watch family programming until team b makes it through the sewage duct.
by that time team b, remember that's you kenny, should reach the outer core of the generator.
it will be a cold and dangerous climb to the top, and there could be velociraptors here.
once you reach the top you should be able to get a clear view through this window of us drinking cocoa and watching television.
then you can proceed down into the generator and power it on.
there's actually a nice heated walkway to it, so you don't need to walk through all that sewage.
are you fucking kidding me, making me crawl through that fucking thing.
mmmone day at a time mayor, mmone day at a time.
well, i'm bringing home some eric roberts in a doggy bag.
i can finally reveal who the father of eric cartman is.
but first, i want to thank kenny mccormick for sacrificing his life....
for i've got to be free free to face the lifethat's ahead of me
on board i'm the captainso climb aboard we'll search for tomorrowon every shore
we just want to do a re-creation of the story for our show.
then we'll flash a number on the screen that people can call if they have any information regarding the identity or location of the shooter.
in fact, there's a law against abortions after the second trimester.
well, i think you need to keep your laws off of my body!
but the person at unplanned parenthood said you were who i had talk to about changing the law.
no, no, i think you've got to talk to the governor about that stuff.
i'm sailing a... way.set an open course for the virgin sea.
cause i've got to be freefree to face the life that's ahead of me
tonight terror invaded the small mountain community of south park, colorado, when dr. alfonse mephesto was gunned down in his laboratory.
america's most wanted has reconstructed this heinous crime in hopes that your calls can help solve the case.
i should have a right to have an abortion if i want one.
mra, i don't know, i, i might need some more convincing.
i mean, what right do i have bringing another child into this overpopulated world?
then again, i should have thought of that before having sex.
i found a map that shows the location of a backup generator.
apparently they built a large, self-sustaining, generator for just this kind of emergency, but it's out and away from the hospital.
to do this, you must brave the storm outside, and get into this sewage duct.
meanwhile, team a will go to the holding area, here, where this is a television and some cocoa.
we will drink the cocoa and watch family programming until team b makes it through the sewage duct.
by that time team b, remember that's you kenny, should reach the outer core of the generator.
it will be a cold and dangerous climb to the top, and there could be velociraptors here.
once you reach the top you should be able to get a clear view through this window of us drinking cocoa and watching television.
there's actually a nice heated walkway to it, so you don't need to walk through all that sewage.
are you fucking kidding me, making me crawl through that fucking thing.
mmmone day at a time mayor, mmone day at a time.
well, i'm bringing home some eric roberts in a doggy bag.
i can finally reveal who the father of eric cartman is.
but first, i want to thank kenny mccormick for sacrificing his life...
i'm never gonna get the smell out of my costume or my nose, for that matter.
it's better than sitting around the cave, waiting for their next move.
i'll pull out your insides and make you eat them, hear me?
be here tomorrow at dawn with bolt cutters and food, or i'll kill you.
they banned big fishing rigs that year, and we were poor.
we got by on what joe earned on charters and lawn work.
valiente, reputed mob boss of the catalano family was gunned down in his home last christmas.
lustig will be returned to death row and is scheduled to die by lethal injection march 16th.
each time i cling to your kiss i hear music divine
hold me my darling and say that you'll always be mine
the ways of the rich and all my longing, which began that day.
to paint for the rich, to have their freedom, to love estella.
how would you like a one-man show at the thrall gallery?
my client, erica thrall, wants you in new york for a one-man show.
she was taught it was her enemy, that it would hurt her.
and then one sunny day you ask her to go outside and play, and she won't.
i love paris in the springtime i love paris in the fall
paris is a beautiful city, a city of culture, a magnificent city.
perhaps you had an experience like that as a child and told no one.
perhaps you had a brush with a world so large you seldom or never saw it again.
this concludes a four-day manhunt for lustig the convicted murderer of gene valiente.
valiente, reputed mob boss of the catalano family was gunned down in his home last christmas.
if dinsmoor, the art world and the world chose to adopt me i could take it.
new york held it out, and i'd take it and say thanks.
she told me to wound me, or out of habit or to drive me mad.
i didn't care if it was a clue or it was a plea or it was a tease.
the mansion was due to be torn down for a housing tract.
i sat there and thought back over the things i'd done.
get me a file and whittles or i'll have your heart and liver out.
if you would kindly let me keep upright, sir, perhaps i shouldn't be sick and perhaps i could attend more.
that young man has a secret way of getting at a boy and his liver.
a boy may lock his door and he may be warm in bed, but that young man will softly creep his way to him and tear him open.
i wonder who's put into prison ships and why they're put there.
people are put into prison ships because they murder and forge and rob and do all sorts of bad things.
i could have got clear, then i discovered he was here.
let him go free and make a fool of me again?
oh, you're welcome to it as far as ever it were mine.
we don't know what you've done, but we wouldn't have you starve to death for it, would us, pip?
and never see her again, even though she is so pretty?
i'm not sure that i shouldn't like to see her again, but i should like to go home now.
the occasion was marked for me not so much by the passing of mrs. joe, but by the arrival of biddy.
very soon she became a trusted friend of both of us and a blessing to the household.
biddy, i have a particular reason for wanting to be a gentleman.
well you know best, pip, but don't you think you're happier as you are?
estella was always there and always let me in and out, but never told me i might kiss her again.
sometimes she would coldly tolerate me and other times she told me energetically...
i am instructed to communicate to him that he will come into a handsome property.
further, it is at the desire of the present possessor of the property that he shall be immediately removed from his present sphere of life and from this place and brought up as befits a young gentleman of great expectations.
now, mr. pip, you are to understand that it is at the request of the person from whom i take my instructions that you always bear the name of pip.
if you have any objection, now is the time to mention it.
if you have any suspicion as to whom that person might be, keep that suspicion within your own breast.
if you have any objections, now is the time to mention it.
this cast was made in newgate directly he was taken down.
your man comes on this afternoon, have you got the witness?
i shall check the bills and pull you up if i see you getting on too well.
of course, you'll go wrong somehow, but that's no fault of mine.
i'd take it as a great kindness if you'd give me a hint when i go wrong in my manners.
with pleasure, though i should guess you need very few hints.
but let me point out the topic that in london it is not the custom to put the knife in the mouth for fear of accidents.
it's scarcely worth mentioning, only it's as well to do as others do.
since you are so good as to make choice of coffee,
i'll not run contrary to your opinion, but don't you find that rather heating?
you two will have a lot to say to each other.
go out into the garden, both of you, and walk and talk together.
we are not free to follow our own devices, you and i.
the carriage is ordered for half an hour from now and tea is ordered to while away that half hour.
you acted nobly, my boy, noble pip, and i never forgot it.
if you are grateful to me for what i did when i was a child, and if you have come to thank me, there is no need.
as the employer of that lawyer whose name began with "j", and might be jaggers...
i wrote to a person in london for particulars of your address.
i swore as ever i earned a guinea, that guinea should go to you.
that there hunted dog what you kept life in got his head so high he could make a gentleman.
i went to richmond yesterday to speak to estella, and finding that some wind had blown her here i followed.
what i have to say to estella i will say before you in a few minutes.
when you first caused me to be brought here, miss havisham,
i suppose i really came here as any other chance boy might have come, as a kind of servant to gratify a want or whim and to be paid for it.
i've loved you ever since i first saw you in this house.
i have tried to warn you not to love me but you would not be warned.
she has been the embodiment of every graceful fancy my mind has ever known.
to the last hour of my life she cannot choose but to remain part of my character, part of the little good in me, part of the evil.
- if you take my advice, mr. pip, you will wait till after dark.
by which time, you see, we can have those hands attended to.
i began to go out as for training and practice, sometimes alone, sometimes with herbert.
we were out in all weathers, and became, as was our intention, familiar figures on the river.
as the hours of the tide changed, we took to going further downriver.
there, on the marshes, we found a lone public house where we decided to stay on the night of our escape.
it is now my duty to pronounce the sentence demanded by the law.
the sentence of this court is that you will be taken hence to the place from whence you came and from thence to the place of execution.
put the case of this legal advisor who has often seen children tried at the criminal bar.
put the case that he has known them to be habitually imprisoned, whipped neglected, cast out, qualified in all ways for the hangman, and growing up to be hanged.
you have never deserted me and what is best of all,
you have been more comfortable alonger me since i was under a dark cloud
my father's family name being pirrup, and my christian name philip, my infant tongue could make of both names nothing longer or more explicit than pip.
so i called myself pip and came to be called pip.
who do you live with, supposing you are kindly let live?
with my sister, mrs. gargery, wife of joe gargery, the blacksmith.
if you would kindly let me keep upright, sir, perhaps i shouldn't be sick and perhaps i could attend more.
bring that file and them whittles to this churchyard tomorrow morning.
i wonder who's put into prison ships and why they're put there.
people are put into prison ships because they murder and forge and rob and do all sorts of bad things.
and never see her again, even though she is so pretty?
i'm not sure that i shouldn't like to see her again, but i should like to go home now.
the occasion was marked for me not so much by the passing of mrs. joe, but by the arrival of biddy.
very soon she became a trusted friend of both of us and a blessing to the household.
biddy, i have a particular reason for wanting to be a gentleman.
well you know best, pip, but don't you think you're happier as you are?
estella was always there and always let me in and out, but never told me i might kiss her again.
sometimes she would coldly tolerate me and other times she told me energetically...
i am instructed to communicate to him that he will come into a handsome property.
further, it is at the desire of the present possessor of the property that he shall be immediately removed from his present sphere of life and from this place and brought up as befits a young gentleman of great expectations.
now, mr. pip, you are to understand that it is at the request of the person from whom i take my instructions that you always bear the name of pip.
if you have any objection, now is the time to mention it.
if you have any suspicion as to whom that person might be, keep that suspicion within your own breast.
if you have any objections, now is the time to mention it.
mr. jaggers left word would you wait in this room. come this way, please.
he wouldn't say how long he might be, but it stands to reason, his time being valuable, he won't be longer than he can help.
mr. wemmick, i don't quite know what to make of mr. jaggers.
he don't mean that you should know what to make of him.
i'd take it as a great kindness if you'd give me a hint when i go wrong in my manners.
with pleasure, though i should guess you need very few hints.
but let me point out the topic that in london it is not the custom to put the knife in the mouth for fear of accidents.
it's scarcely worth mentioning, only it's as well to do as others do.
since you are so good as to make choice of coffee,
i'll not run contrary to your opinion, but don't you find that rather heating?
you two will have a lot to say to each other.
go out into the garden, both of you, and walk and talk together.
we are not free to follow our own devices, you and i.
the carriage is ordered for half an hour from now and tea is ordered to while away that half hour.
you acted nobly, my boy, noble pip, and i never forgot it.
if you are grateful to me for what i did when i was a child, and if you have come to thank me, there is no need.
as the employer of that lawyer whose name began with "j", and might be jaggers...
i wrote to a person in london for particulars of your address.
i swore as ever i earned a guinea, that guinea should go to you.
that there hunted dog what you kept life in got his head so high he could make a gentleman.
i went to richmond yesterday to speak to estella, and finding that some wind had blown her here i followed.
what i have to say to estella i will say before you in a few minutes.
when you first caused me to be brought here, miss havisham,
i suppose i really came here as any other chance boy might have come, as a kind of servant to gratify a want or whim and to be paid for it.
i've loved you ever since i first saw you in this house.
i have tried to warn you not to love me but you would not be warned.
she has been the embodiment of every graceful fancy my mind has ever known.
to the last hour of my life she cannot choose but to remain part of my character, part of the little good in me, part of the evil.
- if you take my advice, mr. pip, you will wait till after dark.
by which time, you see, we can have those hands attended to.
i began to go out as for training and practice, sometimes alone, sometimes with herbert.
we were out in all weathers, and became, as was our intention, familiar figures on the river.
as the hours of the tide changed, we took to going further downriver.
there, on the marshes, we found a lone public house where we decided to stay on the night of our escape.
it is now my duty to pronounce the sentence demanded by the law.
the sentence of this court is that you will be taken hence to the place from whence you came and from thence to the place of execution.
put the case of this legal advisor who has often seen children tried at the criminal bar.
put the case that he has known them to be habitually imprisoned, whipped neglected, cast out, qualified in all ways for the hangman, and growing up to be hanged.
you have never deserted me and what is best of all,
you have been more comfortable alonger me since i was under a dark cloud
i'll pull out your insides and make you eat them, hear me?
be here tomorrow at dawn with bolt cutters and food, or i'll kill you.
they banned big fishing rigs that year, and we were poor.
we got by on what joe earned on charters and lawn work.
valiente, reputed mob boss of the catalano family was gunned down in his home last christmas.
lustig will be returned to death row and is scheduled to die by lethal injection march 16th.
each time i cling to your kiss i hear music divine
hold me my darling and say that you'll always be mine
the ways of the rich and all my longing, which began that day.
to paint for the rich, to have their freedom, to love estella.
how would you like a one-man show at the thrall gallery?
my client, erica thrall, wants you in new york for a one-man show.
she was taught it was her enemy, that it would hurt her.
and then one sunny day you ask her to go outside and play, and she won't.
the mansion was due to be torn down for a housing tract.
i sat there and thought back over the things i'd done.
they banned the big fishing rigs in the gulf that year and we were poor.
we scraped by on what joe could earn doing charters and lawn work.
perhaps you've had an experience like that in childhood and told no one.
perhaps you've had that brush with a world so large that you seldom or never saw it again.
escaped convict arthur lustig was recaptured earlier this evening by sarasota police.
this concludes a 4-day, statewide manhunt for lustig, the convicted murderer of gene valiente.
valiente, reputed mob boss of the castellano family was gunned down in his bradenton home last christmas.
lustig will be returned to raiford penitentiary's death row, where he is scheduled to die by lethal injection march 16th.
* hold me, my darling * * and say that you'll always be mine *
* this joy is something new * * my arms enfolding you *
* bsame mucho, * * que tengo miedo perderte, * * perderte despus. *
* quiero tenerte muy cerca, * * mirarme en tus ojos, y estar junto a ti. *
a long time ago, there lived 2 brilliant artists-- geniuses-- both true geniuses.
and one day, one of them was painting out in the forest-- as artists do-- and he came upon this little dog, who was crying and whining and obviously lost.
* oh, well, you know what i mean * * oh *
* i've done this before * * and i will do it again *
* you are the cut that makes me hide my face *
* you are the party * * that makes me feel my age *
tonight all of my dreams came true, and like all happy endings, it was a tragedy of my own device, for i'd succeeded.
i had cut myself loose from joe, from the past, from the gulf, from poverty.
the mansion was due to be torn down for a housing tract.
i sat there... and thought back over the things i'd done.
perhaps you had an experience like that as a child and told no one.
perhaps you had a brush with a world so large you seldom or never saw it again.
this concludes a four-day manhunt for lustig the convicted murderer of gene valiente.
valiente, reputed mob boss of the catalano family was gunned down in his home last christmas.
if dinsmoor, the art world and the world chose to adopt me i could take it.
new york held it out, and i'd take it and say thanks.
she told me to wound me, or out of habit or to drive me mad.
i didn't care if it was a clue or it was a plea or it was a tease.
i love paris in the springtime i love paris in the fall
paris is a beautiful city, a city of culture, a magnificent city.
perhaps you had an experience like that as a child and told no one.
perhaps you had a brush with a world so large you seldom or never saw it again.
this concludes a four-day manhunt for lustig the convicted murderer of gene valiente.
valiente, reputed mob boss of the catalano family was gunned down in his home last christmas.
if dinsmoor, the art world and the world chose to adopt me i could take it.
new york held it out, and i'd take it and say thanks.
she told me to wound me, or out of habit or to drive me mad.
i didn't care if it was a clue or it was a plea or it was a tease.
i love paris in the springtime i love paris in the fall
paris is a beautiful city, a city of culture, a magnificent city.
sometimes the water isyellow... sometimes it's red... but what color it may be in memory... depends on the day.
i'm not going to tell the story the way that it happened.
they banned the big fishing rigs in the gulfthatyear... and we were poor.
we scraped by on whatjoe could earn... doing charters and lawn work.
perhapsyou've had an experience like that... in childhood and told no one.
perhapsyou've had that brush with a world so large... thatyou seldom or never saw it again.
valiente, reputed mob boss ofthe castellano family... was gunned down in his bradenton home last christmas.
l ustig will be returned... to raiford penitentiary's death row... where he is scheduled to die... by lethal injection march 1 6th.
i was raised by my sister maggie... and her boyfriend joe.
maggie took off on us when i was still a kid.
tonight all ofrmy dreams came true... and like all happy endings... it was a tragedy ofrmy own device... fror i'd succeeded.
i had cut myselfrloose frromjoe, frrom the past... frrom the gulfr, frrom poverty.
the mansion was due to be torn down... fror a housing tract.
i sat there... and thought back over the things i'd done... over my lifre... and where, in that briefr, violent time it had gone.
perhaps you've had an experience like that in childhood and told no one.
perhaps you've had that brush with a world so large that you seldom or never saw it again.
escaped convict arthur lustig was recaptured earlier this evening by sarasota police.
this concludes a 4-day, statewide manhunt for lustig, the convicted murderer of gene valiente.
valiente, reputed mob boss of the castellano family was gunned down in his bradenton home last christmas.
lustig will be returned to raiford penitentiary's death row, where he is scheduled to die by lethal injection march 16th.
* hold me, my darling * * and say that you'll always be mine *
* this joy is something new * * my arms enfolding you *
* quiero tenerte muy cerca, * * mirarme en tus ojos, y estar junto a ti. *
* piensa que tal vez manana * * estar muy lejos, muy lejos de aqui. * * which means... *
i was raised by my sister maggie and her boyfriend joe.
maggie took off on us when i was still a kid.
go see if they know how to smoke a swordfish, huh?
tonight all of my dreams came true, and like all happy endings, it was a tragedy of my own device, for i'd succeeded.
but he had lived to be my benefactor... for good and ill.
i went to paris after all, and i worked there and received everything i thought i wanted.
the mansion was due to be torn down for a housing tract.
i sat there... and thought back over the things i'd done.
i'll pull out your insides and make you eat them, hear me?
be here tomorrow at dawn with bolt cutters and food, or i'll kill you.
they banned big fishing rigs that year, and we were poor.
we got by on what joe earned on charters and lawn work.
valiente, reputed mob boss of the catalano family was gunned down in his home last christmas.
lustig will be returned to death row and is scheduled to die by lethal injection march 16th.
each time i cling to your kiss i hear music divine
hold me my darling and say that you'll always be mine
the ways of the rich and all my longing, which began that day.
to paint for the rich, to have their freedom, to love estella.
how would you like a one-man show at the thrall gallery?
my client, erica thrall, wants you in new york for a one-man show.
she was taught it was her enemy, that it would hurt her.
and then one sunny day you ask her to go outside and play, and she won't.
i love paris in the springtime i love paris in the fall
paris is a beautiful city, a city of culture, a magnificent city.
benjamin, we're heading west following route 766, where it feeds off the i-80.
just under an hour ago, troopers attempted to pull over the blue car, which we understand is stolen.
we understand that you recently ordered 5,000 pounds of ammonium nitrate fertilizer.
we understand that you recently ordered 5,000 pounds of ammonium nitrate fertilizer.
as we reported earlier, a wild police pursuit ended in tragedy with the death of a 36-year-old female hostage.
this was the scene west of eiko, nevada, one hour ago...
looked to me like he was trying to warn the cops before she died.
the sun will rise in america tomorrow, regardless of whether we're at a farm investigating yet another enormous pile of doo-doo.
i seem to be looking through to the osseous labyrinth, or what's left of it.
it's almost like a iittle bomb went off in her ear.
i can think of something else i'd iike to call you.
i could put "mr" in front of that too, if you'd iike.
i got her in the truck and was takin' her to the hospital.
but then it seemed like the faster we went, the better she'd do.
i'm so sorry to make you run through it again for my official report to the fcc.
at 6.17 yesterday morning, during a test of our ground conduction radio system, a situation arose in which our equipment experienced a brief power surge.
seafarer has an antenna array stretching beneath the edge of crump's property.
now, elf fields have been shown to produce biological effects in human tissue,
now, elf fields have been shown to produce biological effects in human tissue, inducing electrical currents, altering chemical reactions.
as a potential weapons application, it's referred to as electrical nerve gas, or may be behind the taos hum.
what if some overload, some hum from this system, could somehow match the resonant frequency of the human skull?
i mean, what if it could induce a like hum that could somehow exert a rising pressure on the inner ear, shattering it?
your one chance is that we meet my partner at the end of the highway.
there she will insert a iarge-bore needle into your inner ear, hopefully relieving the pressure.
[ pickering over radio ] benjamin, we're heading west following route 766, where it feeds off the i - 80.
now,just under an hour ago, troopers attempted to pull over the blue car, which we understand is stolen.
the highway patrol has her now, but chuck, it looks like that driver is still fighting.
[ pickering ] yes, he's definitely putting up a bit of a fight.
as we reported earlier, a wild police pursuit ended in tragedy this morning... with the death of a 36-year-old female hostage.
this was the scene west of elko, nevada one hour ago,
we once again want to warn our viewers, this footage is extremely graphic.
[ pickering ] now, the hostage is still inside the car.
it appears as though she's banging her head against the window.
[ reporter ] at this time, highway patrol officials... are refusing to identi fy the woman or to speculate on how she died, though they do stress it was not the result of a gunshot.
i'm finding what look like fragments of petrous bone... embedded in the remaining portion of the auditory canal.
in fact, i seem to be looking straight through... to the osseous labyrinth, or what's left of it.
i got her in the truck and-- taken her to the hospital.
but then it seemed like the faster we went, the better she'd do.
but we can't stop, scully, and i'm kind of at a loss as to what to do next.
[ sighs ] well, i think i have a loose theory as to what caused this.
well, seafarer has an antenna array... stretching beneath the edge of patrick crump's property.
now, e.l.f. fields have been shown... to produce biological effects in human tissue-- inducing electrical currents, altering chemical reactions.
i mean, what if it could induce a like hum... that could somehow exert a rising pressure... on the labyrinth of the inner ear, in a sense shattering it ?
but with constant movement somehow ameliorating that pressure, making it bearable.
i mean, maybe it has to follow certain lines of force, electrical or magnetic.
but the big question, scully, is what do we do about it ?
your one chance is that we meet my partner at the end of the highway.
there, she will insert a long, large-bore needle into your inner ear, hopefully relieving the pressure.
that's how far officers of the nevada highway patrol... have pursued the blue car on your screen... in a wild chase right through the heart of elko... at speeds approaching 1 00 miles an hour.
live on the scene in carlin is chuck pickering in the fox 1 1 news chopper.
now, since then, this driver has stopped for nothing and nobody.
[ buckley ] any word yet on who the driver is ?
the highway patrol has her now, but chuck, it looks like that driver is still fighting.
[ pickering ] yes, he's definitely putting up a bit of a fight.
as we reported earlier, a wild police pursuit ended in tragedy this morning... with the death of a 36-year-old female hostage.
this was the scene west of elko, nevada one hour ago,
we once again want to warn our viewers, this footage is extremely graphic.
[ pickering ] now, the hostage is still inside the car.
it appears as though she's banging her head against the window.
[ reporter ] at this time, highway patrol officials... are refusing to identify the woman or to speculate on how she died, though they do stress it was not the result of a gunshot.
i'm thinking while we're here, i might take a look at mr. crump's wife.
i'm gonna stay here and see if i can see crump.
in fact, i seem to be looking straight through... to the osseous labyrinth, or what's left of it.
it's almost like a little bomb went off in her ear.
i can think of something else i'd like to call you.
i could put "" mister"" in front of that too, if you'd like.
i got her in the truck and-- taken her to the hospital.
but then it seemed like the faster we went, the better she'd do.
but we can't stop, scully, and i'm kind of at a loss as to what to do next.
[ sighs ] well, i think i have a loose theory as to what caused this.
well, seafarer has an antenna array... stretching beneath the edge of patrick crump's property.
now, e.l.f. fields have been shown... to produce biological effects in human tissue-- inducing electrical currents, altering chemical reactions.
i mean, what if it could induce a like hum... that could somehow exert a rising pressure... on the labyrinth of the inner ear, in a sense shattering it ?
but with constant movement somehow ameliorating that pressure, making it bearable.
i mean, maybe it has to follow certain lines of force, electrical or magnetic.
but the big question, scully, is what do we do about it ?
your one chance is that we meet my partner at the end of the highway.
there, she will insert a long, large-bore needle into your inner ear, hopefully relieving the pressure.
[ pickering over radio ] benjamin, we're heading west following route 766, where it feeds off the i-80.
now,just under an hour ago, troopers attempted to pull over the blue car, which we understand is stolen.
the highway patrol has her now, but chuck, it looks like that driver is still fighting.
[ pickering ] yes, he's definitely putting up a bit of a fight.
as we reported earlier, a wild police pursuit ended in tragedy this morning... with the death of a 36-year-old female hostage.
this was the scene west of elko, nevada one hour ago,
we once again want to warn our viewers, this footage is extremely graphic.
[ pickering ] now, the hostage is still inside the car.
it appears as though she's banging her head against the window.
[ reporter ] at this time, highway patrol officials... are refusing to identify the woman or to speculate on how she died, though they do stress it was not the result of a gunshot.
i'm thinking while we're here, i might take a look at mr. crump's wife.
i'm gonna stay here and see if i can see crump.
in fact, i seem to be looking straight through... to the osseous labyrinth, or what's left of it.
it's almost like a little bomb went off in her ear.
i can think of something else i'd like to call you.
i could put "" mister"" in front of that too, if you'd like.
but then it seemed like the faster we went, the better she'd do.
but just as soon as i try to slow down or stop--
i am not sick, and i do not have the flu.
vicky and me were just some kind of... government guinea pigs.
it's not in your best interest to make me question that right now.
how do i know you ain't doing exactly what they want you to ?
it's been referred to as ""electrical nerve gas,"" or may be behind the so-called ""taos hum.""
what if some overload-- some-some hum from this system... could somehow match the resonant frequency of the human skull ?
i mean, what if it could induce a like hum... that could somehow exert a rising pressure... on the labyrinth of the inner ear, in a sense shattering it ?
but with constant movement somehow ameliorating that pressure, making it bearable.
i mean, maybe it has to follow certain lines of force, electrical or magnetic.
but the big question, scully, is what do we do about it ?
your one chance is that we meet my partner at the end of the highway.
there, she will insert a long, large-bore needle into your inner ear, hopefully relieving the pressure.
90 miles and counting-- that's how far officers-- of the nevada highway patrol have pursued the blue car on your screen.
in a wild chase right through the heart of elko at speeds approaching 100 miles an hour.
benjamin, we're heading west following route 766, where it feeds off the i-80.
now, just under an hour ago, troopers attempted to pull over the blue car-- which we understand is stolen.
but we do have a free copy of "the watchtower" for you if you'd like.
uh, sir, this is just a routine check but, uh, we understand that you recently placedan order for... 5,000 pounds of ammonium nitrate fertilizer.
at this time, highway patrol officials are refusing... to identify the woman or to speculate on how she died.
though they do stress it was not the result of a gunshot.
this is the f.b.i. equivalent of being made to wear an orange jumpsuit... and pick up trash by the side of the highway-- they mean to humiliate us.
look, mulder, like it or not, humiliated or not, we're on domestic terrorism now and, yes, this is...
in the words of their captain "she just sort of popped."
and what about this guy who supposedly tried to take her hostage, her husband?
looked to me like he was trying to warn the cops before she died.
now, the sun will rise in america tomorrow regardless of whether... or not we're at yet another farm investigating yet another enormous pile of doo-doo.
- so that means that he started... off in this direction.
then all of a sudden, he turned around and he headed west...
in fact, i seem to be looking straight through to the osseous labyrinth or what's left of it.
it's almost like a little bomb went off in her ear.
i can think of something else i'd like to call you.
i could put "mister" in front of that, too if you'd like.
it's not in your best interest to make me question that right now.
how do i know you ain't doing exactly what they want you to?
i'm guessing wherever the hell route 36 ends but we can't stop, scully.
i'm kind of at a loss as to what to do next.
some hum from this system... could somehow match the resonant frequency of the human skull?
i mean, what if it could induce a like hum that could...
that could somehow exert a... a rising pressure on the labyrinth of the inner ear in a sense shattering it?
but with constant movement somehow ameliorating that pressure making it bearable.
the big question, scully, is what do we do about it?
well, i think i know, mulder, but it's nothing that mr. crump is going to like.
your one chance is that we meet my partner at the end of the highway.
there, she will insert a long, large-bore needle into your inner ear... hopefully relieving the pressure.
90 miles and counting-- that's how far officers-- of the nevada highway patrol have pursued the blue car on your screen.
in a wild chase right through the heart of elko at speeds approaching 100 miles an hour.
benjamin, we're heading west following route 766, where it feeds off the i-80.
now, just under an hour ago, troopers attempted to pull over the blue car-- which we understand is stolen.
but we do have a free copy of "the watchtower" for you if you'd like.
uh, sir, this is just a routine check but, uh, we understand that you recently placedan order for... 5,000 pounds of ammonium nitrate fertilizer.
at this time, highway patrol officials are refusing... to identify the woman or to speculate on how she died.
though they do stress it was not the result of a gunshot.
this is the f.b.i. equivalent of being made to wear an orange jumpsuit... and pick up trash by the side of the highway-- they mean to humiliate us.
look, mulder, like it or not, humiliated or not, we're on domestic terrorism now and, yes, this is...
in the words of their captain "she just sort of popped."
and what about this guy who supposedly tried to take her hostage, her husband?
looked to me like he was trying to warn the cops before she died.
now, the sun will rise in america tomorrow regardless of whether... or not we're at yet another farm investigating yet another enormous pile of doo-doo.
- so that means that he started... off in this direction.
then all of a sudden, he turned around and he headed west...
in fact, i seem to be looking straight through to the osseous labyrinth or what's left of it.
it's almost like a little bomb went off in her ear.
i can think of something else i'd like to call you.
i could put "mister" in front of that, too if you'd like.
it's not in your best interest to make me question that right now.
how do i know you ain't doing exactly what they want you to?
i'm guessing wherever the hell route 36 ends but we can't stop, scully.
i'm kind of at a loss as to what to do next.
some hum from this system... could somehow match the resonant frequency of the human skull?
i mean, what if it could induce a like hum that could...
that could somehow exert a... a rising pressure on the labyrinth of the inner ear in a sense shattering it?
but with constant movement somehow ameliorating that pressure making it bearable.
the big question, scully, is what do we do about it?
well, i think i know, mulder, but it's nothing that mr. crump is going to like.
your one chance is that we meet my partner at the end of the highway.
there, she will insert a long, large-bore needle into your inner ear... hopefully relieving the pressure.
benjamin, we 're heading west following route 766, where it feeds off the i-80.
just under an hour ago, troopers attempted to pull over the blue can which we understand is stolen.
what about this guy who tried to take her hostage - her husband?
looked to me like he was trying to warn the cops before she died.
i seem to be looking through to the osseous labyrinth, or what's left of it.
it's almost like a little bomb went off in her ear.
i can think of something else i'd like to call you.
i could put "mr" in front of that too, if you'd like.
i got her in the truck and was takin' her to the hospital.
but then it seemed like the faster we went, the better she'd do.
i called regarding the electrical equipment the navy maintains in ivlontello.
i don't know if there's miscommunication between you and your washington office...
i'm guessing wherever route 36 ends, but we can't stop and i'm kind of at a loss as to what to do next.
i think i have a loose theory as to what caused this.
now, elf fields have been shown to produce biological effects in human tissue, inducing electrical currents, altering chemical reactions.
as a potential weapons application, it's referred to as electrical nerve gas, or may be behind the taos hum.
what if some overload, some hum from this system, could somehow match the resonant frequency of the human skull?
i mean, what if it could induce a like hum that could somehow exert a rising pressure on the inner ear, shattering it?
but the big question, scully, is what do we do about it?
i think i know, mulder, but it's nothing that ivir crump is gonna like.
no, i think you should offer to pick up the check, when you can.
there are 3 or 4 basic rules to being a good guest...
most guys don't even talk to girls when they're having sex with them.
but i'm always like... every girl that sleeps with me gets the mitch fatel questionnaire.
i was a staff writer on a sketch show and people would come in on monday, you had to pitch sketch ideas.
people whose lives were obviously going really well, they would talk about stuff they'd done that weekend like...
and you'd put them in the water and the water would smell like a vinegar fart.
and then, there was a little wire torture chair you'd put the egg in and you'd lower it into the water.
and then it would come out all sparkly looking all "glam rock", like it came out of david bowie's ass or something.
and there was the "ronco" egg-coloring thing it was was like a weird inquisition device where you'd put the egg in a clamp and you'd put a magic marker and then you could turn the egg and it would make a line on the egg.
i can just imagine whoever the founder, henry paas or whomever...
"let 'em go to their 'shake 'n egg' and their little 'ronco' they'll come crawling back!
sarah picked me up at the airport and that's the last i saw of her.
just dropped you off at the house and left you there?
i don't think you realize how much you mean to him.
look, just let me enjoy these next couple of days without him, okay?
and all the houses and the cars are scaled down to their height and... maybe i'm a little bit perverse...
i would love to get really liquored up and then hop the fence and just walk through the town going...
if you're not gonna tell me the truth, we've got nothing to talk about.
- i want you to clean up the kitchen and get to bed.
we just thought it would be best if you went to stay with your grandparents for a while.
- that's just until you've had time to sort things out.
saturday evening, and the universe is much the same... as at any other point in the history of the world.
the planets and stars orbit and spin... and do everything that is expected of them.
on earth, as the sun sets, millions prepare... for a weekly event which is far less predictable.
in sixty-three countries around the world... dozens of lottery machines spin hundreds of lottery balls.
hello again, and welcome... to the national lottery's weekend draw... for saturday, the 21st of august.
we're coming to you live tonight from the heart of dublin... where we are, as we speak, calculating the total amount... of the jackpot to be claimed tonight.
as always, we shall be bringing you up to date... with the total jackpot and all the lotto news... in our round-up program which follows directly after the news.
but for now, let's concentrate on the game in hand... and get this week's draw underway.
look and see what i've found... in the small print of the irish times last night.
look at it--the front page, down at the bottom... winking' at ya--lotto results.
i thought it would be you boys... that would have the heads this morning, not me.
we do have heads, and they are sore... but at the same time filled with the very best of irish brains.
jackie talked mrs. kennedy into giving us... a list of the regular lotto players.
there's eighteen... and each of those will be invited to a chicken supper.
jackie, they tell me you might be splashing out... on a sports car yourself.
if i had the money, brendy, i wouldn't waste it on a car... when me bike's outside.
for christ's sake, jackie, would you mind telling us... what you would be spending your money on... if you had any, that is?
well, i'd take what i needed, pat... and treat me friends with the rest.
it's a call to both... but there's nothin' to do tonight.
his bedroom's as cold as any fridge they'd put him in.
if we report the death and are found to be claiming... we'll surely be questioned for murder.
murder is a mighty word to use at this time of night.
with a little luck, we'll have one ourselves in a week.
and i always thought it would be the sea that would take him.
ah, well, now, brendy, that just goes to show... that you both had good taste, doesn't it?
look, brendy, i know i've always had a bit of a reputation... with the ladies and that.
ah, no, it's just been a difficult month for me... you know, maurice, coming to a community like this.
if i was here permanently, i think people might be... a little bit more welcoming.
right, so i expect now you'll want to know... just how much you have won.
oh, and you'd be in a position... to tell me that now, would you, jim?
and if it's claimed and spent at all... he'll rest in peace.
and if you go to prison... this will be our last night together for ten years.
did you think mrs. kennedy would cash it at the post office?
we open a check account in advance, off-shore... maybe jersey and deposit 50 pounds.
maurice, do you think father mulligan will approve... of all this lotto business when he gets back from lourdes?
if you fill the collection box and mend the church roof... he'll be over the moon.
i'm not stupid enough... to be bought by your coconut creams... and i'm not stupid enough to call the lotto... but ten percent is 670,000 pounds.
oh, lizzy, how could you bear to live in the village... if you did a thing like that?
michael o'sullivan was my great friend... but i don't ever remember telling him that.
the words that are spoken at a funeral... are spoken too late for the man that is dead.
the planets and stars orbit and spin... and do everything that is expected of them.
on earth, as the sun sets, millions prepare... for a weekly event which is far less predictable.
in sixty-three countries around the world... dozens of lottery machines spin hundreds of lottery balls.
it takes seconds for the winning numbers to be selected... seconds for the losers to realize they've lost... but for the winners, it is an event... which will undoubtedly change their lives forever.
we're coming to you live tonight from the heart of dublin... where we are, as we speak, calculating the total amount... of the jackpot to be claimed tonight.
as always, we shall be bringing you up to date... with the total jackpot and all the lotto news... in our round-up program which follows directly after the news.
alan is from stokescroft financial services... and we're very honored to have him here tonight.
there's all your numbers-- numbers one to forty-two-- poised and ready...
two pints for us, and one for me old friend, pig finn.
oh, and let me buy him a packet... of his favorite mexican crisps there, as well, dennis.
i thought it would be you boys... that would have the heads this morning, not me.
we do have heads, and they are sore... but at the same time filled with the very best of irish brains.
jackie talked mrs. kennedy into giving us... a list of the regular lotto players.
there's eighteen... and each of those will be invited to a chicken supper.
jackie, they tell me you might be splashing out... on a sports car yourself.
if i had the money, brendy, i wouldn't waste it on a car... when me bike's outside.
for christ's sake, jackie, would you mind telling us... what you would be spending your money on... if you had any, that is?
well, i'd take what i needed, pat... and treat me friends with the rest.
i think we should make room in this day for some prayers.
god bless mothers and fathers and grandparents, too... aunties and uncles, friends old and new.
and i always thought it would be the sea that would take him.
he survived all those storms... only to be swept away by a few lottery balls.
right, so i expect now you'll want to know... just how much you have won.
oh, and you'd be in a position... to tell me that now, would you, jim?
i'm not a great man for telling things the way they are.
i mean, i've been known to add a little color... to stories and riddles for the benefit... of those that'll listen.
the money will be claimed... and divided equally between the 52 of us.
now, i was wrong to think i could claim the money myself.
if they come, they'll be coming for the money... not for the spirit of ned devine, i'm sure.
and if it's claimed and spent at all... he'll rest in peace.
we open a check account in advance, off-shore... maybe jersey and deposit 50 pounds.
now, it's a joint account... in the name of ned devine and jackie o'shea.
i'm not stupid enough... to be bought by your coconut creams... and i'm not stupid enough to call the lotto... but ten percent is 670,000 pounds.
oh, lizzy, how could you bear to live in the village... if you did a thing like that?
michael o'sullivan was my great friend... but i don't ever remember telling him that.
the words that are spoken at a funeral... are spoken too late for the man that is dead.
the planets and stars orbit and spin... and do everything that is expected of them.
on earth, as the sun sets, millions prepare... for a weekly event which is far less predictable.
in sixty-three countries around the world... dozens of lottery machines spin hundreds of lottery balls.
it takes seconds for the winning numbers to be selected... seconds for the losers to realize they've lost... but for the winners, it is an event... which will undoubtedly change their lives forever.
hello again, and welcome... to the national lottery's weekend draw... for saturday, the 21st of august.
we're coming to you live tonight from the heart of dublin... where we are, as we speak, calculating the total amount... of the jackpot to be claimed tonight.
as always, we shall be bringing you up to date... with the total jackpot and all the lotto news... in our round-up program which follows directly after the news.
but for now, let's concentrate on the game in hand... and get this week's draw underway.
i was just treating' me friends with the little i've got.
i came over this morning to make sure i'd settled up.
jackie, am i right in thinking'... you've booked one of these caribbean cruises?
if i had the money, dennis, i wouldn't spend it... floating' around the caribbean... when i can float in the cove for free.
for christ's sake, jackie, would you mind telling us... what you would be spending your money on... if you had any, that is?
well, i'd take what i needed, pat... and treat me friends with the rest.
it's a call to both... but there's nothin' to do tonight.
his bedroom's as cold as any fridge they'd put him in.
with a little luck, we'll have one ourselves in a week.
and i always thought it would be the sea that would take him.
ah, no, it's just been a difficult month for me... you know, maurice, coming to a community like this.
if i was here permanently, i think people might be... a little bit more welcoming.
right, so i expect now you'll want to know... just how much you have won.
oh, and you'd be in a position... to tell me that now, would you, jim?
i'm not a great man for telling things the way they are.
i mean, i've been known to add a little color... to stories and riddles for the benefit... of those that'll listen.
the money will be claimed... and divided equally between the 52 of us.
now, i was wrong to think i could claim the money myself.
maurice, do you think father mulligan will approve... of all this lotto business when he gets back from lourdes?
if you fill the collection box and mend the church roof... he'll be over the moon.
michael o'sullivan was my great friend... but i don't ever remember telling him that.
the words that are spoken at a funeral... are spoken too late for the man that is dead.
the planets and stars orbit and spin... and do everything that is expected of them.
on earth, as the sun sets, millions prepare... for a weekly event which is far less predictable.
in sixty-three countries around the world... dozens of lottery machines spin hundreds of lottery balls.
it takes seconds for the winning numbers to be selected... seconds for the losers to realize they've lost... but for the winners, it is an event... which will undoubtedly change their lives forever.
we're coming to you live tonight from the heart of dublin... where we are, as we speak, calculating the total amount... of the jackpot to be claimed tonight.
as always, we shall be bringing you up to date... with the total jackpot and all the lotto news... in our round-up program which follows directly after the news.
two pints for us, and one for me old friend, pig finn.
oh, and let me buy him a packet... of his favorite mexican crisps there, as well, dennis.
i was just treating' me friends with the little i've got.
i came over this morning to make sure i'd settled up.
there's eighteen... and each of those will be invited to a chicken supper.
we'll sit them down, feed them up... and during the night, we find the winner.
jackie, am i right in thinking'... you've booked one of these caribbean cruises?
if i had the money, dennis, i wouldn't spend it... floating' around the caribbean... when i can float in the cove for free.
it's a call to both... but there's nothin' to do tonight.
his bedroom's as cold as any fridge they'd put him in.
if we report the death and are found to be claiming... we'll surely be questioned for murder.
murder is a mighty word to use at this time of night.
with a little luck, we'll have one ourselves in a week.
and i always thought it would be the sea that would take him.
ah, no, it's just been a difficult month for me... you know, maurice, coming to a community like this.
if i was here permanently, i think people might be... a little bit more welcoming.
right, so i expect now you'll want to know... just how much you have won.
oh, and you'd be in a position... to tell me that now, would you, jim?
ok, well, look, naturally with a claim this size... there's a lot of forms to be filled out.
and we can do that today if you like... but i can always come back another day if you'd prefer.
and if it's claimed and spent at all... he'll rest in peace.
and if you go to prison... this will be our last night together for ten years.
did you think mrs. kennedy would cash it at the post office?
we open a check account in advance, off-shore... maybe jersey and deposit 50 pounds.
maurice, do you think father mulligan will approve... of all this lotto business when he gets back from lourdes?
if you fill the collection box and mend the church roof... he'll be over the moon.
i'm not stupid enough... to be bought by your coconut creams... and i'm not stupid enough to call the lotto... but ten percent is 670,000 pounds.
oh, lizzy, how could you bear to live in the village... if you did a thing like that?
michael o'sullivan was my great friend... but i don't ever remember telling him that.
the words that are spoken at a funeral... are spoken too late for the man that is dead.
saturday evening,... ..and the universe is much the same as at any other point in the history of the world.
the planets and stars orbit and spin, and do everything that is expected of them.
on earth, as the sun sets,... ..millions prepare for a weekly event which is far less predictable.
in 63 countries around the world,... ..dozens of lottery machines spin hundreds of lottery balls.
it takes seconds for the winning numbers to be selected,... ..seconds for the losers to realise they have lost.
but, for the winners, it is an event which will undoubtedly change their lives for ever.
we're coming to you live tonight from the very heart of dublin.
as we speak - calculating the total amount of the jackpot to be claimed tonight.
we shall be updating you on the total jackpot and all the news... ..in our round-up programme which follows directly after the news.
for now, let's concentrate on the game in hand, and get this week's draw under way.
there's eighteen, and each of those will be invited to a chicken supper.
we'll sit them down, feed them up, and then find the winner.
now, jackie,... ..they tell me you might be splashing out on a sports car yourself.
if i had the money, i wouldn't waste it on a car when my bike's outside.
jackie, am i right in thinking you've booked a caribbean cruise?
if i had the money, i wouldn't spend it floating around the caribbean... ..when i can float in the cove for free.
for christ's sake, jackie,... ..would you mind telling us what you would be spending your money on, if you had any,... ..that is.
well, i'd take what i needed, pat, and treat my friends with the rest!
i think we should make room in this day for some prayers.
god bless mothers and fathers, and grandparents, too,... ..aunties and uncles, friends old and new.
murder is a mighty word to use at this time of night, jackie.
yeah, well, i'm sorry if it gives you the willies, michael.
and i always thought it would be the sea that would take him.
he survived all those storms,... ..only to be swept away by a few lottery balls.
ah, well, that just goes to show that you both had good taste, doesn't it?
look, brendy,... ..l know i've always had a bit of a... ..reputation with the ladies and that.
so,... ..i expect now you'll want to know just how much you have won.
oh, and you'd be in a position to tell me that, would you, jim?
look, naturally enough, with a claim this size,... ..there's a lot of forms to be filled out, and we can do that today if you like.
but i can go and come back another day if you'd prefer.
i've been known to add a little colour to stories for the benefit of those... ..that'll listen.
yet here tonight,... ..l can swear that all i've told you... ..is true.
the money will be claimed and divided equally between the fifty-two of us.
now, i was wrong to think i could claim the money myself.
if they come, they'll be coming for the money, not for the spirit of ned devine.
if it's claimed and spent at all, he'll rest in peace.
now, the account's open a week,... ..jackie puts ned's cheque in.
he then uses his own signature on the joint account to share out the winnings.
the words that are spoken at a funeral... ..are spoken too late for the man that is dead.
what a wonderful thing it would be to visit your own funeral.
saturday evening,... ..and the universe is much the same as at any other point in the history of the world.
the planets and stars orbit and spin, and do everything that is expected of them.
on earth, as the sun sets,... ..millions prepare for a weekly event which is far less predictable.
in 63 countries around the world,... ..dozens of lottery machines spin hundreds of lottery balls.
it takes seconds for the winning numbers to be selected,... ..seconds for the losers to realise they have lost.
but, for the winners, it is an event which will undoubtedly change their lives for ever.
we're coming to you live tonight from the very heart of dublin.
as we speak - calculating the total amount of the jackpot to be claimed tonight.
we shall be updating you on the total jackpot and all the news... ..in our round-up programme which follows directly after the news.
for now, let's concentrate on the game in hand, and get this week's draw under way.
there's eighteen, and each of those will be invited to a chicken supper.
we'll sit them down, feed them up, and then find the winner.
jackie, am i right in thinking you've booked a caribbean cruise?
if i had the money, i wouldn't spend it floating around the caribbean... ..when i can float in the cove for free.
for christ's sake, jackie,... ..would you mind telling us what you would be spending your money on, if you had any,... ..that is.
well, i'd take what i needed, pat, and treat my friends with the rest!
it's a call to both, but there's nothing to do tonight.
his bedroom's as cold as any fridge they'd put him in.
if we report it and are found to be claiming, we'll be questioned for murder!
murder is a mighty word to use at this time of night, jackie.
ah, well, that just goes to show that you both had good taste, doesn't it?
look, brendy,... ..l know i've always had a bit of a... ..reputation with the ladies and that.
so,... ..i expect now you'll want to know just how much you have won.
oh, and you'd be in a position to tell me that, would you, jim?
look, naturally enough, with a claim this size,... ..there's a lot of forms to be filled out, and we can do that today if you like.
but i can go and come back another day if you'd prefer.
i've been known to add a little colour to stories for the benefit of those... ..that'll listen.
yet here tonight,... ..l can swear that all i've told you... ..is true.
the money will be claimed and divided equally between the fifty-two of us.
now, i was wrong to think i could claim the money myself.
the total amount of the jackpot, the total which will be... ..claimed and divided into shares of fifty-two,...
..is six million,... ..eight hundred and ninety-four thousand,... ..six hundred and twenty pounds!
if they come, they'll be coming for the money, not for the spirit of ned devine.
if it's claimed and spent at all, he'll rest in peace.
the words that are spoken at a funeral... ..are spoken too late for the man that is dead.
what a wonderful thing it would be to visit your own funeral.
the planets and stars orbit and spin, and do everything that is expected of them.
on earth, as the sun sets,... ..millions prepare for a weekly event which is far less predictable.
in 63 countries around the world,... ..dozens of lottery machines spin hundreds of lottery balls.
it takes seconds for the winning numbers to be selected,... ..seconds for the losers to realise they have lost.
(tv) welcome to the national lottery's weekend draw for saturday 21st august.
we're coming to you live tonight from the very heart of dublin.
as we speak - calculating the total amount of the jackpot to be claimed tonight.
we shall be updating you on the total jackpot and all the news... ..in our round-up programme which follows directly after the news.
alan is from stokescroft... ..financial services, and we're honoured to have him here with us tonight.
there's all your numbers - 1 to 42, poised and ready.
look and see what i've found in the small print of the irish times last night.
look at it - the front page, down at the bottom.
no, i was just treating me friends with the little i've got.
i came over to make sure i'd settled up for those last few rounds.
jackie talked mrs kennedy into giving us a list of the regular lotto players.
there's eighteen, and each of those will be invited to a chicken supper.
now, jackie,... ..they tell me you might be splashing out on a sports car yourself.
if i had the money, i wouldn't waste it on a car when my bike's outside.
if i had the money, i wouldn't spend it floating around the caribbean... ..when i can float in the cove for free.
for christ's sake, jackie,... ..would you mind telling us what you would be spending your money on, if you had any,... ..that is.
i think we should make room in this day for some prayers.
(both) god bless mothers and fathers, and grandparents, too,... ..aunties and uncles, friends old and new.
murder is a mighty word to use at this time of night, jackie.
yeah, well, i'm sorry if it gives you the willies, michael.
and i always thought it would be the sea that would take him.
he survived all those storms,... ..only to be swept away by a few lottery balls.
i'm not a great man for telling things the way they are.
i've been known to add a little colour to stories for the benefit of those... ..that'll listen.
yet here tonight,... ..l can swear that all i've told you... ..is true.
the money will be claimed and divided equally between the fifty-two of us.
if it's claimed and spent at all, he'll rest in peace.
if you go to prison,... ..this'll be our last night together for... ..ten years.
now, the account's open a week,... ..jackie puts ned's cheque in.
he then uses his own signature on the joint account to share out the winnings.
do you think father mulligan will approve of all this lotto business when he gets back?
if you can fill the collection box and mend the church roof, he'll be over the moon.
on earth, as the sun sets,... ..millions prepare fora weekly event which is farless predictable.
in 63 countries around the world,... ..dozens oflotterymachines spin hundreds oflotteryballs.
it takes seconds for the winning numbers to be selected,... ..seconds for the losers to realise theyhave lost.
but, for the winners, itis an event which will undoubtedly change their lives for ever.
we shallbe updatingyou on the totaljackpotandall the news... ..in ourround-up programme which follows directlyafter the news.
for now, let's concentrate on the game in hand, andget this week's draw under way.
there's eighteen, and each ofthose will be invited to a chicken supper.
we'll sit them down, feed them up, and then find the winner.
jackie, am i right in thinking you've booked a caribbean cruise?
if i had the money, i wouldn't spend it floating around the caribbean... ..when i can float in the cove for free.
for christ's sake, jackie,... ..would you mind telling us what you would be spending your money on, ifyou had any,... ..that is.
well, i'd take what i needed, pat, and treat me friends with the rest!
it's a call to both, but there's nothing to do tonight.
his bedroom's as cold as any fridge they'd put him in.
ifwe report it and are found to be claiming, we'll be questioned for murder!
murder is a mighty word to use at this time of night, jackie.
ah, well, thatjust goes to show that you both had good taste, doesn't it?
look, brendy,... ..l know i've always had a bit of a... ..reputation with the ladies and that.
so,... ..l expect now you'll want to know just how much you have won.
oh, and you'd be in a position to tell me that, would you, jim?
look, naturally enough, with a claim this size,... ..there's a lot offorms to be filled out, and we can do that today ifyou like.
but i can go and come back another day ifyou'd prefer.
i've been known to add a little colour to stories for the benefit ofthose... ..that'll listen.
yet here tonight,... ..l can swear that all i've told you... ..is true.
the money will be claimed and divided equally between the fifty-two of us.
now, i was wrong to think i could claim the money myself.
the total amount ofthe jackpot, the total which will be... ..claimed and divided into shares offifty-two,...
..is six million,... ..eight hundred and ninety-four thousand,... ..six hundred and twenty pounds!
if they come, they'll be coming for the money, not for the spirit of ned devine.
if it's claimed and spent at all, he'll rest in peace.
the words that are spoken at a funeral... ..are spoken too late for the man that is dead.
what a wonderful thing it would be to visit your own funeral.
the planets and stars orbit and spin... and do everything that is expected of them.
on earth, as the sun sets, millions prepare... for a weekly event which is far less predictable.
in sixty-three countries around the world... dozens of lottery machines spin hundreds of lottery balls.
it takes seconds for the winning numbers to be selected... seconds for the losers to realize they've lost... but for the winners, it is an event... which will undoubtedly change their lives forever.
we're coming to you live tonight from the heart of dublin... where we are, as we speak, calculating the total amount... of the jackpot to be claimed tonight.
as always, we shall be bringing you up to date... with the total jackpot and all the lotto news... in our round-up program which follows directly after the news.
alan is from stokescroft financial services... and we're very honored to have him here tonight.
there's all your numbers numbers one to forty-two poised and ready...
look and see what i've found... in the small print of the irish times last night.
look at it, the front page, down at the bottom... winking' at ya, lotto results.
two pints for us, and one for me old friend, pig finn.
oh, and let me buy him a packet... of his favorite mexican crisps there, as well, dennis.
i thought it would be you boys... that would have the heads this morning, not me.
we do have heads, and they are sore... but at the same time filled with the very best of irish brains.
jackie talked mrs. kennedy into giving us... a list of the regular lotto players.
there's eighteen... and each of those will be invited to a chicken supper.
jackie, they tell me you might be splashing out... on a sports car yourself.
if i had the money, brendy, i wouldn't waste it on a car... when me bike's outside.
for christ's sake, jackie, would you mind telling us... what you would be spending your money on... if you had any, that is?
well, i'd take what i needed, pat... and treat me friends with the rest.
i think we should make room in this day for some prayers.
god bless mothers and fathers and grandparents, too... aunties and uncles, friends old and new.
and i always thought it would be the sea that would take him.
he survived all those storms... only to be swept away by a few lottery balls.
ah, well, now, brendy, that just goes to show... that you both had good taste, doesn't it?
look, brendy, i know i've always had a bit of a reputation... with the ladies and that.
ah, no, it's just been a difficult month for me... you know, maurice, coming to a community like this.
if i was here permanently, i think people might be... a little bit more welcoming.
ok, well, look, naturally with a claim this size... there's a lot of forms to be filled out.
and we can do that today if you like... but i can always come back another day if you'd prefer.
i'm not a great man for telling things the way they are.
i mean, i've been known to add a little color... to stories and riddles for the benefit... of those that'll listen.
the money will be claimed... and divided equally between the 52 of us.
now, i was wrong to think i could claim the money myself.
if they come, they'll be coming for the money... not for the spirit of ned devine, i'm sure.
and if it's claimed and spent at all... he'll rest in peace.
we open a check account in advance, off-shore... maybe jersey and deposit 50 pounds.
now, it's a joint account... in the name of ned devine and jackie o'shea.
the words that are spoken at a funeral... are spoken too late for the man that is dead.
what a wonderful thing it would be... to visit your own funeral.
if he was here now... if he could hear what i say...
i'd congratulate him on being a great man... and thank him for being a friend.
the planets and stars orbit and spin, and do everything that is expected of them.
on earth, as the sun sets,... ..millions prepare for a weekly event which is far less predictable.
in 63 countries around the world,... ..dozens of lottery machines spin hundreds of lottery balls.
it takes seconds for the winning numbers to be selected,... ..seconds for the losers to realise they have lost.
(tv) welcome to the national lottery's weekend draw for saturday 21st august.
we're coming to you live tonight from the very heart of dublin.
as we speak - calculating the total amount of the jackpot to be claimed tonight.
we shall be updating you on the total jackpot and all the news... ..in our round-up programme which follows directly after the news.
alan is from stokescroft... ..financial services, and we're honoured to have him here with us tonight.
there's all your numbers - 1 to 42, poised and ready.
look and see what i've found in the small print of the irish times last night.
look at it - the front page, down at the bottom.
no, i was just treating me friends with the little i've got.
i came over to make sure i'd settled up for those last few rounds.
jackie talked mrs kennedy into giving us a list of the regular lotto players.
there's eighteen, and each of those will be invited to a chicken supper.
now, jackie,... ..they tell me you might be splashing out on a sports car yourself.
if i had the money, i wouldn't waste it on a car when my bike's outside.
if i had the money, i wouldn't spend it floating around the caribbean... ..when i can float in the cove for free.
for christ's sake, jackie,... ..would you mind telling us what you would be spending your money on, if you had any,... ..that is.
i think we should make room in this day for some prayers.
(both) god bless mothers and fathers, and grandparents, too,... ..aunties and uncles, friends old and new.
murder is a mighty word to use at this time of night, jackie.
yeah, well, i'm sorry if it gives you the willies, michael.
and i always thought it would be the sea that would take him.
he survived all those storms,... ..only to be swept away by a few lottery balls.
i'm not a great man for telling things the way they are.
i've been known to add a little colour to stories for the benefit of those... ..that'll listen.
yet here tonight,... ..l can swear that all i've told you... ..is true.
the money will be claimed and divided equally between the fifty-two of us.
if it's claimed and spent at all, he'll rest in peace.
if you go to prison,... ..this'll be our last night together for... ..ten years.
now, the account's open a week,... ..jackie puts ned's cheque in.
he then uses his own signature on the joint account to share out the winnings.
do you think father mulligan will approve of all this lotto business when he gets back?
if you can fill the collection box and mend the church roof, he'll be over the moon.
so you know what it is, and we're all upfront about everything.
you'd have more time with jordan, and the potential to make more for her future.
i'll immediately contact the cdc, and send a sample to mill hill in britain as well.
as a precaution, i strongly believe that everybody exposed to this victim, the park ranger, the crime-team members, you two gentlemen and myself should be quarantined, pending blood and cell-sample analysis.
i don't know where a six year old gets such images.
she dreams that we are the only ones left in the world.
and then suddenly we - you, me and her - are in a cabin in the woods.
and then she sees me walk off into the woods, leaving her and you alone.
acting upon information provided by mr black, regarding peter watts' statements that miss means was safe, the investigation turned to mr watts, under the possibility he may be in contact with her.
via the use of electronic surveillance, it was confirmed that mr watts was aware of her location.
if you take care of kenny, you're gonna know if he's happy, or sad, or scared.
"the way it works out." does that mean it's the way it's supposed to go?
that's not who i am, and that's, i believe, not who you are, peter.
they came to me at a time in my life when evil - there's no other word for it - had lost all proportion with the world around me.
we knew where to look. "there shall be great earthquakes in various places, and famine, and pestilence."
"and there shall be fearful sights and great signs from heaven."
and the name of him who sat on it was death, and hell followed with him.
and power was given to them over a fourth of the earth, to kill with sword, with hunger, with death... and by the beasts of the earth. "
so you know what it is, and we're all upfront about everything.
you'd have more time with jordan, and the potential to make more for her future.
"then they called out in a loud voice, 'how long, lord?"'
"'how long until you judge, and avenge our blood on those who dwell upon the earth?"'
the braves could be down by ten, with two gone and they go,
"well, if klesco could hit one out, or chipper jones hits one out... "
all signs of infection, but we couldn't identify any known infectious agent.
i was prepared to administer antibiotics and other medicines, but then all of a sudden, you returned to normal.
she says that there's ajungle, a wall of trees, and there are these men, who she calls "bad men", although she can't say why.
and they go into the jungle, but then all of these angry, screaming monkeys come out of the trees.
she dreams that we are the only ones left in the world.
and then suddenly we - you, me and her - are in a cabin in the woods.
i have talked to her and listened to her, suspecting separation anxiety because of her first experience of loss through death.
at your hospital, i need to speak to a physician with a background in research.
these nightmares are occurring because you are gone and you are gone because of them.
they have so engulfed your life that you don't even care about your own daughter.
the last call from her apartment in st louis was on april 23 to peter watts.
her apartment has been sublet to a couple with no history to miss means.
via the use of electronic surveillance, it was confirmed that mr watts was aware of her location.
attached, please find a detailed report of mr watts'activities, and arranged travel destinations.
if you take care of kenny, you're gonna know if he's happy, or sad, or scared.
"the way it works out. " does that mean it's the way it's supposed to go?
that's not who i am, and that's, i believe, not who you are, peter.
they came to me at a time in my life when evil - there's no other word for it - had lost all proportion with the world around me.
we knew where to look. "there shall be great earthquakes in various places, and famine, and pestilence. "
"and there shall be fearful sights and great signs from heaven. "
i can only see boxes of grave stones, i am not lying... there are boxes of grave stones
when break up, i don't know if the girls are always busy, or is she not... a neat person
every time i drive in alone with the ball, you stop me from behind
you want to destroy us all or you want a red card?
for thirty million dollars' sales, no matter, in two days... you must find this hooker!
by the way, if there is any new girls, call me at once, ok?
and lied to me that you would take me to disneyland
then you said there were sharks in disneyland and wouldn't take me
he lied on street for 3 hours and no one paid any notice to him
at last, a cleaning maid called the police and sent him to hospital
i don't know whether she was seriously hurt as being dumped, she's disappeared for two years
she went to usa, and opened a gallery in soho, new york
if i was a taxi driver in new york or paris, i wouldn't smoke.
foreing ministers of fifteen eu countries demanded from president milosevic to stop the violence in kosovo.
i will give you any quantity of any pickle you want to eat.
get rid of them, son, and get us out of here.
he'll bring you only 8 things, if you ask for ten.
you'll have to rush to the market for the rest of the two things.
why must you talk rubbish, if i help her now that she is due?
what else will you do for her if she is due now?
are you going to clean the kids' mess and bring them up now?
if there is no one at home and if the kids fall sick..
i'd prefer to be the mistress of an able man !
if that is what you have decided.. do as you wish.
now look; they want to take a look at the other sister.
you can easily arrive like the winds make your way out, too!
"you are the most beautiful lady in the history of womankind."
'lt's wrong on your part to kill me with such beauty.
i was conferring with the sibling and... i was talking to vaishnavi, you see.
some of her language seems to have rubbed off on me.
once we've graduated from school and college... ..we will certainly pursue negotiations on matrimony.
so, please don't ask me this question for the next 4 or 5 days.
but i am a doctor. i know the problem women face during this period.
so i've got you some very effective pills., here you are.
i'll take your place as chinnabbai in the village for some days.
i'll somehow convince your wife and bring her to the wedding.
it's because of that sin that she will never bear children.
she's sick and haggard, bearing to the jibes of the villagers.
you are bearing this insult... ..only to save my family from breaking up.
no matter what happens to my family... ..your sons mustn't be separated from you.
but if you don't agree, i'll leave after breaking this relationship!
till such time as our children fall in love, nr. peddabbai..
she's a tamil beauty, one who laughs beautifully to look like the moon!
with her beautiful lips, she serves nectars with a lowered head!
flowers yearn to be a part of your hair shall i put them on?
rain comes to earth to be your bath water shall i be such too?
i came to your room and both of you were sleeping.
i wanted to wake you up but i didn't know who was who.
now, you wish to wash, feed and clean her young ones!
if the children are hurt accidentally, we'd be blamed for that too!
you believed astrology and set me aside for so many years.
if not for the uncle, what would have happened to me by now?
i will fill the moon with oxygen and build you a house!
to protect your life, i'd use my iife to serve as an exchange!
i will bring down clouds to make you a bed and put you to sleep.
when you perspire while sleeping, with stars i will brush it off!
i will use the projector to create a hologram on stage!
everything the eye sees my lord, does not belong to the eyes!
two legs one may have the journey is only one though!
two hearts may be involved the love is only one though!
everything the eye sees my lord, does not belong to the eyes!
a bird which is a twin that lives together will not separate!
madhumita, the older daughter of veiiaiappan, and between ramu, the younger son of nachiappan, and and between vaishnavi, the younger daughter of veiiaiappan, it is agreed to hold the marriage in the month of thai,
wherein the first wedding be in the first auspicious day and the second wedding be on the second auspicious day ..
when i decided to end it all, i saw your letter!
i wanted to see you and my sons before i die!
if he does something to himself, how will i be able to face visu?
rather than marry with this web of lies and deceit over me,
i am going to fall at their feet and tell them all the truth!
after that if my love has the strength, iet it survive!
when your wedding is over, i'ii fall at ramu's feet ..
and tell him i did this for your sake and beg his forgiveness!
he's a young boy and he's angry and so speaks such!
you'd said you'ii only marry them off to twins and ..
if he had been smart, this problem would not have arisen.
if his wife was a good lady, your family would not have split.
love which came before the stones, sand and sea a miracle!
love that strikes when one is but only of sixteen years a miracle!
you lied for your brother but she can't do it for her grandchild?
are you and them to be judged on differing value systems?
if you were wrong, i will remove this and go off!
till our children do not fall in love we can act for them.
mom has never forgiven frasier for some career advice he gave me.
and, trust me, he saved me from going down the wrong path.
because of your big mouth zora won't even let me in her restaurant.
forcing you to go elsewhere when you have a craving for stuffed grape leaves and zither music.
aunt zora, i realise i'm not the most welcome person here but...
it is not fair to take my mistake out on your husband or my father.
in the interest of your future happiness, it's my duty to let you know...
nikos, please go make your uncle stavros to stop dancing on the table.
i know you are, but you're a little too drunk to walk to your car.
so this nice taxi driver is going to give you a lift.
it just so happens that i've got a proposition for you.
and i though you came here because you missed the sound of my voice.
i've got a aaa team with a heap of talent but not a baseball player in the bunch.
what i need, what they need, is a genuine baseball man, someone who really knows the game.
i spent the better part of my life kicking around the minor leagues.
hell, my ass has gone flat from sitting on hard benches and riding bad busses.
i ain't so sure i'm interested in signing up for more of the same.
but this is something that you know, something you could be really good at.
well, i've been working with rube, trying to help him to open up.
we've actually been breaking down some walls, and i really believe that rube's whole throwing problem goes back to a rather abrasive little league coach.
and i want to ask you if you could just be gentle with him.
see, rube's psyche is far more delicate than his rugged facade would indicate.
my center fielder is threatening to quit 'cause he wants to become a male model.
and my shortstop and second baseman aren't speaking because one of them's got a bigger shoe contract than the other, and they haven't turned a double play in over a month.
well if you're foolhardy enough to take it as one, yeah, it is.
any hour, any day, any week, my guys will be on the field ready to go.
one minute, you're telling me about the new, improved, responsible gus cantrell
and the next thing i know you're rolling across a barroom floor punching, kicking and biting.
he struck him out swinging and the hawkster is bringing the heat, throwin' gas, tossing' aspirins, blowin' smoke, zingin' bbs, firing missiles, zipping darts, threading the needle.
let's see if my colleague in the booth here has anything to add.
he'll hate you tonight, but he'll respect you in the morning.
what do i do if he comes out here after me?
"and leonard huff was outcoached by ex-player rookie manager gus cantrell."
"however, a generator snafu allowed the twins to limp home with their dignity just barely intact."
all i know is it looks dumb as hell, and he has to be led up to home plate.
but i've long since given up trying to understand this team.
not only do i disagree, but i'm not even sure that huff, or for that matter, some of his own players, belong in the major leagues.
in fact, as far as i'm concerned, you're looking at the best team in the entire twins organization.
sorry to have to do this, but there's a speech clause in my contract.
i know you've all read in the paper that this game is a publicity stunt,
but unlike some coaches who might ask you to go out there and play the game because you love it or because you're fulfilling a lifelong dream,
i'm asking plain and simple that you win this one... for me.
and don't even try and tell me you can see with that thing on.
now tanaka takes a couple of practice cuts and steps up to the plate.
i got a lot of information i'd like to pass on to young ballplayers.
that's where i belong, and that's what i want to do.
i know you are, but you're a little too drunk to walk to your car.
so this nice taxi driver is going to give you a lift.
it just so happens that i've got a proposition for you.
and i though you came here because you missed the sound of my voice.
i've got a aaa team with a heap of talent but not a baseball player in the bunch.
what i need, what they need, is a genuine baseball man, someone who really knows the game.
i spent the better part of my life kicking around the minor leagues.
hell, my ass has gone flat from sitting on hard benches and riding bad busses.
i ain't so sure i'm interested in signing up for more of the same.
but this is something that you know, something you could be really good at.
well, i've been working with rube, trying to help him to open up.
we've actually been breaking down some walls, and i really believe that rube's whole throwing problem goes back to a rather abrasive little league coach.
and i want to ask you if you could just be gentle with him.
see, rube's psyche is far more delicate than his rugged facade would indicate.
my center fielder is threatening to quit 'cause he wants to become a male model.
and my shortstop and second baseman aren't speaking because one of them's got a bigger shoe contract than the other, and they haven't turned a double play in over a month.
well if you're foolhardy enough to take it as one, yeah, it is.
any hour, any day, any week, my guys will be on the field ready to go.
one minute, you're telling me about the new, improved, responsible gus cantrell
and the next thing i know you're rolling across a barroom floor punching, kicking and biting.
he struck him out swinging and the hawkster is bringing the heat, throwin' gas, tossing' aspirins, blowin' smoke, zingin' bbs, firing missiles, zipping darts, threading the needle.
let's see if my colleague in the booth here has anything to add.
he'll hate you tonight, but he'll respect you in the morning.
what do i do if he comes out here after me?
"and leonard huff was outcoached by ex-player rookie manager gus cantrell."
"however, a generator snafu allowed the twins to limp home with their dignity just barely intact."
all i know is it looks dumb as hell, and he has to be led up to home plate.
but i've long since given up trying to understand this team.
not only do i disagree, but i'm not even sure that huff, or for that matter, some of his own players, belong in the major leagues.
in fact, as far as i'm concerned, you're looking at the best team in the entire twins organization.
sorry to have to do this, but there's a speech clause in my contract.
i know you've all read in the paper that this game is a publicity stunt,
but unlike some coaches who might ask you to go out there and play the game because you love it or because you're fulfilling a lifelong dream,
i'm asking plain and simple that you win this one... for me.
and don't even try and tell me you can see with that thing on.
now tanaka takes a couple of practice cuts and steps up to the plate.
i got a lot of information i'd like to pass on to young ballplayers.
that's where i belong, and that's what i want to do.
yo, first things first, 'cause someone fuckin' keyed my car... and your fuckin' bitch-ass name keeps comin' up.
i fuck something up, i'm gonna fuck you up... not your fuckin' ride.
ok, you know that was just toby trying to be all hard.
there's a monetary zone of geography... which we're not allowed to pass.
who could ever talk to you when you're never even here?
well, i'm gonna make it easy for you to find me.
and there were these hookers in there... and it was, like, business as usual for them.
and this one white chick... who thought she was super-bad, but...
we just want cooperation... in identifying the man who violated her friend.
i can't believe you think that emily was raped... and i hung out and watched.
well, i mean, it's just that what happened... was almost, uh...
i mean, i think they took advantage of me or something.
well, you could try taking sleeping pills... but you don't have enough to kill yourself... so you're just gonna be in the hospital... in about an hour, getting your stomach pumped.
ohh, i can run home and get you this nylon slip noose i made.
but you can waste a lot of time buying into stu like that... crying over some shit you think's important... for, like, two seconds.
i mean, if you give us a moment of... connection... one true moment... and it's, like, suddenly... we know everything in the world.
he was a brooding but heroic young man... beloved of lyda, a beauty with a light that followed her wherever she went.
they were likened to two angels descended from heaven, whom the gods could not protect from the horrors... being visited upon this cold, gray earth.
that a spirit would materialize or return... for no other purpose than to show itself is silly and ridiculous.
what it really shows is how silly and ridiculous we have become... in believing such things.
i mean, that we can ignore all natural laws about the corporeal body, that we witness these spirits clad in their own shabby outfits, with the same old haircuts and hairstyles, never aging, never in search of more comfortable surroundings.
it actually ends up saying more about the living than it does about the dead.
mulder, it doesn't take an advanced degree in psychology to understand... the unconscious yearnings that these imaginings satisfy.
you know, the longing for immortality, the hope that there is something beyond this mortal coil, that we might never belong without our loved ones.
mulder, it's not enough that it's haunted, it has to be cursed?
every couple that's ever lived here has met a tragic end.
[ chuckles ] my specialty is in what i call ""soul prospectors."
a cross axial classification i've codified... by extensive interaction with visitors like yourself.
do you have any idea why he brought you here to this house?
look, all i know is this is just some bad dream.
- he became as good a friend, as good a master...
- and as good a man as the good old city ever knew, - [ knocking continues ] or any other good old city, town or borough in the good old world.
the dark, gothic manor the, uh, omnipresent low fog hugging the thicket of overgrowth.
wait-- is that a hound i hear baying out on the moors?
american soldiers were dying at an ungodly rate in a war-torn europe while at home, a deadly strain of the flu virus attacked young and old alike.
tragedy was a visitor on every doorstep while a creeping hopelessness set in with every man, woman and child.
the whole idea of a benevolent entity fits perfectly with what i'm saying.
that a spirit would materialize or return for no other purpose than to show itself is silly and ridiculous.
i mean, what it really shows is how silly and ridiculous we have become in believing such things.
i mean, that we can ignore all natural laws about the corporeal body that-that we witness these spirits clad in-in their own shabby outfits with the same old haircuts and hairstyles never aging, never... never in search of more comfortable surroundings, it actually ends up saying more about the living than it does about the dead.
i mean, mulder, it doesn't take an advanced degree in psychology to understand the the unconscious yearnings that these imaginings satisfy.
you know, the-the longing for immortality the hope that there is something beyond this mortal coil, that-that we might never be long without our loved ones.
kept him safe from his own mad devices, at least for now.
do you have any idea why he brought you here to this house?
he was a brooding but heroic young man, beloved of lyda, a sublime beauty with a light that followed her wherever she went.
they were like two angels from heaven whom the gods could not protect from the horrors being visited upon this cold, grey earth.
the whole idea of a benevolent entity fits perfectly with what i'm saying.
that a spirit would materialise or return for no other purpose than to show itself is silly and ridiculous.
what it shows is how silly and ridiculous we have become in believing such things.
i mean, that we can ignore all natural laws about the corporeal body, that we witness these spirits clad in their own shabby outfits, with the same old haircuts and hairstyles, ne ver ageing, never in search of more comfortable surroundings...
- it doesn't take a degree in psychology to understand the unconscious yearnings that these imaginings satisfy.
you know, the longing for immortality, the hope that there is something beyond this mortal coil, that we'll never be without our loved ones...
kept him safe from his own mad devices - at least, for now.
you have any idea why he brought you here to this house?
he was a brooding but heroic young man... beloved of lyda, a beauty with a light that followed her wherever she went.
they were likened to two angels descended from heaven, whom the gods could not protect from the horrors... being visited upon this cold, gray earth.
that a spirit would materialize or return... for no other purpose than to show itself is silly and ridiculous.
what it really shows is how silly and ridiculous we have become... in believing such things.
i mean, that we can ignore all natural laws about the corporeal body, that we witness these spirits clad in their own shabby outfits, with the same old haircuts and hairstyles, never aging, never in search of more comfortable surroundings.
it actually ends up saying more about the living than it does about the dead.
mulder, it doesn't take an advanced degree in psychology to understand... the unconscious yearnings that these imaginings satisfy.
you know, the longing for immortality, the hope that there is something beyond this mortal coil, that we might never belong without our loved ones.
mulder, it's not enough that it's haunted, it has to be cursed?
every couple that's ever lived here has met a tragic end.
[ chuckles ] my specialty is in what i call ""soul prospectors."
a cross axial classification i've codified... by extensive interaction with visitors like yourself.
do you have any idea why he brought you here to this house?
look, all i know is this is just some bad dream.
- he became as good a friend, as good a master...
- and as good a man as the good old city ever knew, - [ knocking continues ] or any other good old city, town or borough in the good old world.
that a spirit would materialize or return for no other purpose than to show itself is silly and ridiculous.
what it shows is how silly and ridiculous we have become in believing such things.
it doesn't take a degree in psychology to understand the unconscious yearnings that these imaginings satisfy.
you know, the longing for immortality, the hope that there is something beyond this mortal coil, that we'ii never be without our loved ones...
my specialty is in what i call soul prospectors, a cross-axial classification i've codified by extensive interaction with visitors like yourself.
i've found you all tend to fall into pretty much the same category.
kept him safe from his own mad devices - at ieast, for now.
you have any idea why he brought you here to this house?
he's got nowhere to go this christmas and no one to go with.
did he happen to mention a story about a lovers' pact?
he was a a brooding but heroic young man beloved of lyda, a sublime beauty with a light that seemed to follow her wherever she went.
they were likened to two angels descended from heaven whom the gods could not protect from the horrors being visited upon this cold, grey earth.
that a spirit would materialize or return for no other purpose than to show itself is silly and ridiculous.
i mean, what it really shows is how silly and ridiculous we have become in believing such things.
i mean, that we can ignore all natural laws about the corporeal body that-that we witness these spirits clad in-in their own shabby outfits with the same old haircuts and hairstyles never aging, never... never in search of more comfortable surroundings, it actually ends up saying more about the living than it does about the dead.
i mean, mulder, it doesn't take an advanced degree in psychology to understand the the unconscious yearnings that these imaginings satisfy.
a crossaxial classification i've codified by extensive interaction with visitors like yourself.
i've found you all tend to fall into pretty much the same category.
it isn't like you're going to be eating any christmas ham, is it?
oh, you're trying to tell me that scully's going to shoot me.
do you have any idea why he brought you here to this house?
look, all i know is this is just some bad dream.
he was a a brooding but heroic young man beloved of lyda, a sublime beauty with a light that seemed to follow her wherever she went.
they were likened to two angels descended from heaven whom the gods could not protect from the horrors being visited upon this cold, grey earth.
that a spirit would materialize or return for no other purpose than to show itself is silly and ridiculous.
i mean, what it really shows is how silly and ridiculous we have become in believing such things.
i mean, that we can ignore all natural laws about the corporeal body that-that we witness these spirits clad in-in their own shabby outfits with the same old haircuts and hairstyles never aging, never... never in search of more comfortable surroundings, it actually ends up saying more about the living than it does about the dead.
i mean, mulder, it doesn't take an advanced degree in psychology to understand the the unconscious yearnings that these imaginings satisfy.
a crossaxial classification i've codified by extensive interaction with visitors like yourself.
i've found you all tend to fall into pretty much the same category.
it isn't like you're going to be eating any christmas ham, is it?
oh, you're trying to tell me that scully's going to shoot me.
do you have any idea why he brought you here to this house?
look, all i know is this is just some bad dream.
for over a century, pennbrook has been a place where thousands of students come each fall to embark on a journey.
a journey that will take them to a ugiverse of exciting experimences.
well, it's probably no surprise to you that i've had a long, hard night and a lot of time to think.
and i know that the two of you are thinking that the crazy little man would dwell and stew and blow all this horribly out of proportion. (chuckles)
you're gonna go out on a date, otherwise it's going to haunt us for the rest of our lives.
why does everything have to haunt us for the rest of our lives?
and that's why it doesn't matter that she kissed shawn, because she only feels something for you.
so even a kiss like you and i just had is just a kiss between friends...
cory, if you're going to spend the rest of your life with topanga, don't you think you should trust her more?
oh, nobody would trust anybody they caught in such a compromising position.
they might've been concerned because we just kicked the crap out of apophis.
the truth is we still understand very little about their society.
if a goa'uld can infest a human with no detectable physical signs,... .. then we'll have to start giving personnel an ultrasound or an mri.
let's make sure we haven't let any more goa'ulds through the gate this time.
but until i'm presented with a viable option,... .. you're in charge of interrogating the prisoner.
sir, i don't think that thing in her head's gonna tell me anything.
i came to see if you could give us a description of the ashrak.
i will know him only in the moments before he tortures me to death,... .. killing your friend along with me.
we hadn't even spotted the mother ship when the gliders attacked.
it's not normal for the goa'ulds to just show up... ..and wipe out a peaceful people for no reason, is it?
the truth is we still understand very little about their society.
i've seen the goa'uld wipe out civilisations with no reason,... ..simply because it gave them pleasure.
if a goa'uld can infest a human with no detectable physical signs,... ..then we'll have to start giving personnel an ultrasound or an mri.
let's make sure we haven't let any more goa'ulds through the gate this time.
but until i'm presented with a viable option,... ..you're in charge of interrogating the prisoner.
sir, i don't think that thing in her head's gonna tell me anything.
this goa'uld, jolinar of malk-shur, claims to be part of that group.
can you be sure he is who he says he is?
yet this is the first time you have come to see me.
i came to see if you could give us a description of the ashrak.
they might've been concerned because we just kicked the crap out of apophis.
the truth is we still understand very little about their society.
the goa'uld are more complex than we're giving them credit for.
the better you understand the enemy, the better prepared you are in conflict.
if a goa'uld can infest a human with no detectable physical signs, then we'll have to start giving personnel an ultrasound or an mri.
let's make sure we haven't let any more goa'ulds through the gate this time.
but until i'm presented with a viable option, you're in charge of interrogating the prisoner.
sir, i don't think that thing in her head's gonna tell me anything.
i came to see if you could give us a description of the ashrak.
i will know him only in the moments before he tortures me to death, killing your friend along with me.
they might've been concerned because we just kicked the crap out of apophis.
the truth is we still understand very little about their society.
the goa'uld are more complex than we're giving them credit for.
the better you understand the enemy, the better prepared you are in conflict.
there was blood, but she said the guy just bit his tongue before he died.
if a goa'uld can infest a human with no detectable physical signs, ... . . then we'll have to start giving personnel an ultrasound or an mri.
let's make sure we haven't let any more goa'ulds through the gate this time.
what would a goa'uld be doing in a nasyan man in the first place?
this goa'uld, jolinar of malk-shur, claims to be part of that group.
can you be sure he is who he says he is?
yet this is the first time you have come to see me.
i came to see if you could give us a description of the ashrak.
we hadn't even spotted the mother ship when the gliders attacked.
it's not normal for the goa'ulds to just show up... .. and wipe out a peaceful people for no reason, is it?
the truth is we still understand very little about their society.
i've seen the goa'uld wipe out civilisations with no reason,... .. simply because it gave them pleasure.
the goa'uld are more complex than we're giving them credit for.
the better you understand the enemy, the better prepared you are in conflict.
there was blood, but she said the guy just bit his tongue before he died.
if a goa'uld can infest a human with no detectable physical signs,... .. then we'll have to start giving personnel an ultrasound or an mri.
let's make sure we haven't let any more goa'ulds through the gate this time.
what would a goa'uld be doing in a nasyan man in the first place?
this goa'uld, jolinar of malk- shur, claims to be part of that group.
can you be sure he is who he says he is?
yet this is the first time you have come to see me.
i came to see if you could give us a description of the ashrak.
they might've been concerned because we just kicked the crap out of apophis.
the truth is we still understand very little about their society.
if a goa'uld can infest a human with no detectable physical signs,... ..then we'll have to start giving personnel an ultrasound or an mri.
let's make sure we haven't let any more goa'ulds through the gate this time.
but until i'm presented with a viable option,... ..you're in charge of interrogating the prisoner.
sir, i don't think that thing in her head's gonna tell me anything.
i came to see if you could give us a description of the ashrak.
i will know him only in the moments before he tortures me to death,... ..killing your friend along with me.
at the st. croix boarding school, during that decisive philosophy class, we discussed the existence of god with youthful seriousness and naivete.
some people found him reserved and cold, but it was necessary in the brutal world in which he worke and excelled.
you will cede the trade name and promise to use it no longer.
mr. eric malivert will stay on as artistic director for the new lines.
he put it up for sale in his stand in hong kong.
the guy who was following him, and who worked for berberian,
vincent and i met you in new york, in 1 978 or '79.
you sent me to a leather goods store near your office.
he put it up for sale in his stand in hong kong.
the guy who was following him, and who worked for berberian,
vincent and i met you in new york, in 1 978 or '79.
you sent me to a leather goods store near your office.
lt`s like trying to pick a lock with a wet herring.
tell me, are you lately humbled in the act of love ?
- no, they would laugh at seneca if you played it.
there is no dog in the first scene, mr. kempe, thank you.
unless it be to think that she is by... and feed upon the shadow of perfection.
except i be by silvia in the night, there is no music in the nightingale.
his fingers were red from fighting... and he spoke like a schoolboy at lessons.
stage love will never be true love... while the law of the land has our heroines being played by pipsqueak boys in petticoats.
no, not the artful postures of love, but love that overthrows life.
unbiddable, ungovernable, like a riot in the heart, and nothing to be done, come ruin or rapture.
unless it be to think that she is by... and feed upon the shadow of perfection.
except i be by silvia in the night, there is no music in the nightingale.
unless i look on silvia in the day, there is no day for me to look upon.
she is my essence, and i leave to be if i be not--
oh, thomas, a pair of pippins... as round and rare as golden apples.
i think milady is wise to keep your love at a distance.
for what lady could live up to it close to... when her eyes and lips and voice may be no more beautiful than mine.
besides, can a-- can a lady of wealth and noble marriage... love happily with a bankside poet and player ?
it will spark between a queen and the poor vagabond who plays the king.
their love should be minded by each, for love denied blights the soul we owe to god.
good pilgrim, you do wrong your hand too much, which mannerly devotion shows in this.
for saints have hands that pilgrims` hands do touch, and palm to palm is holy palmers` kiss.
shall i hear more, or shall i speak at this ?
""what man art thou that thus bescreened in night... so stumblest on my counsel ?""
by a name i know not how to tell thee who i am.
my name, dear saint, is hateful to myself, because it is an enemy to thee.
and if we`re late for lunch, the old boot will not forgive !
so get you to my lady`s chamber and produce her with or without her undergarments !
can a play show us the very truth and nature of love ?
i bear witness to the wager... and will be the judge of it as occasion arises.
but i will go to wessex as a widow from these vows, as solemn as they are unsanctified.
for killing juliet`s kinsman tybalt, the one who killed romeo`s friend mercutio,
the master of the revels despises us all for vagrants and peddlers of bombast.
but my father, james burbage, had the first license to make a company of players from her majesty, and he drew from poets the literature of the age.
from ancient grudge break to new mutiny, where civil blood makes civil hands unclean.
from forth the fatal loins of these two foes... a pair of star-crossed lovers take their life... whose misadventured, piteous overthrows... doth with their death bury their parents` strife.
unless it be to think that she is by... and feed upon the shadow of perfection.
except i be by silvia in the night, there is no music in the nightingale.
his fingers were red from fighting... and he spoke like a schoolboy at lessons.
stage love will never be true love... while the law of the land has our heroines being played by pipsqueak boys in petticoats.
no, not the artful postures of love, but love that overthrows life.
unbiddable, ungovernable, like a riot in the heart, and nothing to be done, come ruin or rapture.
unless it be to think that she is by... and feed upon the shadow of perfection.
except i be by silvia in the night, there is no music in the nightingale.
unless i look on silvia in the day, there is no day for me to look upon.
she is my essence, and i leave to be if i be not...
oh, thomas, a pair of pippins... as round and rare as golden apples.
i think milady is wise to keep your love at a distance.
for what lady could live up to it close to... when her eyes and lips and voice may be no more beautiful than mine.
besides, can a... can a lady of wealth and noble marriage...
their love should be minded by each, for love denied blights the soul we owe to god.
so tell my lady william shakespeare waits for her in the garden.
the brightness of her cheek would shame those stars... as daylight doth a lamp."
her eyes in heaven would through the airy region... stream so bright... that birds would sing and think it were not night.
what man art thou that thus be screened in night... so stumblest on my counsel?"
by a name i know not how to tell thee who i am.
alack, there lies more peril in thine eye than 20 of their swords.
look thou but sweet, and i am proof against their enmity.
and if we're late for lunch, the old boot will not forgive!
so get you to my lady's chamber and produce her with or without her undergarments!
can a play show us the very truth and nature of love?
i bear witness to the wager... and will be the judge of it as occasion arises.
but i will go to wessex as a widow from these vows, as solemn as they are unsanctified.
for killing juliet's kinsman tybalt, the one who killed romeo's friend mercutio,
look, love, what envious streaks... do lace the severing clouds in yonder east.
night's candles are burnt out, and jocund day stands tiptoe... on the misty mountaintops.
and you, my lord, are gaining 5,000 pounds... by these drafts in my hand.
would you oblige me with 50 or so in gold... just to settle my accounts at the dockside?
two households, both alike in dignity, in fair verona, where we lay our scene.
from ancient grudge break to new mutiny, where civil blood makes civil hands unclean.
from forth the fatal loins of these two foes... a pair of star-crossed lovers take their life... whose misadventured, piteous overthrows... doth with their death bury their parents" strife.
...the which of you with patient ears attend, what here shall miss, our toil shall strive to mend.
unless it be to think that she is by... and feed upon the shadow of perfection.
except i be by silvia in the night, there is no music in the nightingale.
his fingers were red from fighting... and he spoke like a schoolboy at lessons.
stage love will never be true love... while the law of the land has our heroines being played by pipsqueak boys in petticoats.
no, not the artful postures of love, but love that overthrows life.
unbiddable, ungovernable, like a riot in the heart, and nothing to be done, come ruin or rapture.
unless it be to think that she is by... and feed upon the shadow of perfection.
except i be by silvia in the night, there is no music in the nightingale.
unless i look on silvia in the day, there is no day for me to look upon.
she is my essence, and i leave to be if i be not...
oh, thomas, a pair of pippins... as round and rare as golden apples.
i think milady is wise to keep your love at a distance.
for what lady could live up to it close to... when her eyes and lips and voice may be no more beautiful than mine.
besides, can a... can a lady of wealth and noble marriage...
their love should be minded by each, for love denied blights the soul we owe to god.
so tell my lady william shakespeare waits for her in the garden.
the brightness of her cheek would shame those stars... as daylight doth a lamp."
her eyes in heaven would through the airy region... stream so bright... that birds would sing and think it were not night.
what man art thou that thus be screened in night... so stumblest on my counsel?"
by a name i know not how to tell thee who i am.
alack, there lies more peril in thine eye than 20 of their swords.
look thou but sweet, and i am proof against their enmity.
and if we're late for lunch, the old boot will not forgive!
so get you to my lady's chamber and produce her with or without her undergarments!
can a play show us the very truth and nature of love?
i bear witness to the wager... and will be the judge of it as occasion arises.
but i will go to wessex as a widow from these vows, as solemn as they are unsanctified.
for killing juliet's kinsman tybalt, the one who killed romeo's friend mercutio,
look, love, what envious streaks... do lace the severing clouds in yonder east.
night's candles are burnt out, and jocund day stands tiptoe... on the misty mountaintops.
and you, my lord, are gaining 5,000 pounds... by these drafts in my hand.
would you oblige me with 50 or so in gold... just to settle my accounts at the dockside?
two households, both alike in dignity, in fair verona, where we lay our scene.
from ancient grudge break to new mutiny, where civil blood makes civil hands unclean.
from forth the fatal loins of these two foes... a pair of star-crossed lovers take their life... whose misadventured, piteous overthrows... doth with their death bury their parents" strife.
...the which of you with patient ears attend, what here shall miss, our toil shall strive to mend.
except i be by silvia in the night, there is no music in the nightingale.
unless i look on silvia in the day, there is no day for me to look upon.
-yes, i know... but he was always hanging around the house.
the special today is a pig's foot marinated in juniper berry vinegar, served on a buckwheat pancake...
except i be by silvia in the night... there is no music in the nightingale.
unless i look on silvia in the day... there is no day for me to look upon.
i think milady is wise to keep your love at a distance.
for what lady could live up to it close to... when her eyes and lips and voice... may be no more beautiful than mine.
good pilgrim, you do wrong your hand too much... which mannerly devotion shows in this.
for saints have hands that pilgrims' hands do touch... and palm to palm is holy palmers' kiss.
the brightness of her cheek would shame those stars... as daylight doth a lamp".
her eyes in heaven would through the airy region... stream so bright... that birds would sing and think it were not night.
by a name i know not how to tell thee who i am.
my name, dear saint, is hateful to myself, because it is an enemy to thee.
god's chosen vessel, the radiant one who shines her light on us... is at greenwich today and prepared during the evening's festivities... to bestow her gracious favour on my choice of wife.
and if we're late for lunch, the old boot will not forgive!
can i wish that for lady viola except in my dreams?
and yet i would if i were free to follow my desire in the harsh light of day.
can a play show us the very truth and nature of love?
i bear witness to the wager... and will be the judge of it as occasion arises.
but i will go to wessex as a widow from these vows... as solemn as they are unsanctified.
for killing juliet's kinsman tybalt... the one who killed romeo's friend mercutio...
it was the lark, the herald of the morn... no nightingale.
look, love, what envious streaks... do lace the severing clouds in yonder east.
and you, my lord, are gaining 5,000 pounds by these drafts in my hand.
would you oblige me with 50 or so in gold... just to settle my accounts at the dockside?
from ancient grudge break to new mutiny... where civil blood makes civil hands unclean.
from forth the fatal loins of these two foes... a pair of star-crossed lovers take their life... whose misadventured, piteous overthrows... doth with their death bury their parents" strife.
a lady... whose soul is greater than the ocean... and her spirit stronger than the sea's embrace.
not for her a watery end... but a new life beginning on a stranger shore.
i beg you, dmitri, come to sydney... and accompany me to atlanta immediately.
however we travel, i must arrive at my destination... within 20 hours of departure.
your mission, should you choose to accept it, in volves the recovery of a stolen item designated "chimera. "
you may select any two team members, but it is essential that the third team member be nyah nordoff-hall.
- hall... and meet me in seville to receive your assignment.
as always, should you or any member of your imf team be caught or killed, the secretary will disavow all knowledge of your actions.
now, miss hall, my associate has your necklace in a very safe place.
but obviously we do feel the alarm should have gone off a little sooner.
therefore, in the search for our hero, bellerophon, we created a monster, chimera.
i beg you, dmitri, come to sydney and accompany me to atlanta immediately.
how ever we travel, i must arrive at my destination... within 20 hours of departure.
i fear i can entrust this to no one but you.
she walked away, and he's been wanting her back ever since.
we believe she's our surest and quickest way of locating him.
you made it sound as if i was recruiting her for her skills as a thief.
well, then i misled you, or you made the wrong assumption.
if you can think of a quicker way, you're welcome to try.
you might take a look at these... if you have any further qualms about getting her to do the job.
but i was just hoping that you might, thinking that somewhere, this got personal as well as physical!
would it make you feel any better if i didn't want you to do this?
a monster with the head of a lion... and the tail of a serpent... who plagued the ancient world.
i think nekhorvich created a monster virus named chimera... and the antivirus to kill it, named bellerophon.
suppose she is some sort of trojan horse sent in by imf to spy on us.
why should i deny myself the pleasure of a ride or two?
you were genetically splicing together strains of influenza... to create a cure for all influenzas.
but you were also creating a disease so terrible in chimera, the cure would be priceless.
hunt's target will be the chimera, stored and manufactured at biocyte on the 42nd floor.
if you look at hunt's operational history, and i have, he invariably favors misdirection over confrontation.
no, hunt will prefer to enter biocyte somewhere from the top... where security is minimal.
he'll undoubtedly engage in some aerobatic insanity... before he'll risk harming a hair on a security guard's head.
he 'll breach the lab at the only possible time, whether you break in from the ground or the roof.
it's 2300 hours, one minute... when the air filtration generators will cover the sound of hunt's break-in... and the rotating guards make the building vulnerable... to our break-in from below.
and finally, in the inoculation chamber... holding the last remaining chimera virus in three injection guns.
he won't be allowed to destroy the virus in those guns.
you know, that was the hardest part of having to portray you-- grinning like an idiot every 15 minutes.
i would've thought the hardest part was curbing that pressing need of yours... to get your gun off.
there 's not a chance of locating nyah until i can access the satellite.
and there's not a chance of doing that until i can get this computer fixed.
but you were under specific instructions, mr. hunt, to bring back a living sample of the chimera virus.
i'd be very interested to know how, after you managed this recovery, it subsequently got destroyed.
unless it be to think that she is by... and feed upon the shadow of perfection.
except i be by silvia in the night, there is no music in the nightingale.
his fingers were red from fighting... and he spoke like a schoolboy at lessons.
stage love will never be true love... while the law of the land has our heroines being played by pipsqueak boys in petticoats.
no, not the artful postures of love, but love that overthrows life.
unbiddable, ungovernable, like a riot in the heart, and nothing to be done, come ruin or rapture.
unless it be to think that she is by... and feed upon the shadow of perfection.
except i be by silvia in the night, there is no music in the nightingale.
unless i look on silvia in the day, there is no day for me to look upon.
she is my essence, and i leave to be if i be not-
a skirmish of words and swords such as i never wrote, nor anyone.
he dies with such passion and poetry as you ever heard.
oh, thomas, a pair of pippins... as round and rare as golden apples.
i think milady is wise to keep your love at a distance.
for what lady could live up to it close to... when her eyes and lips and voice may be no more beautiful than mine.
besides, can a- can a lady of wealth and noble marriage... love happily with a bankside poet and player?
it will spark between a queen and the poor vagabond who plays the king.
their love should be minded by each, for love denied blights the soul we owe to god.
good pilgrim, you do wrong your hand too much, which mannerly devotion shows in this.
for saints have hands that pilgrims' hands do touch, and palm to palm is holy palmers' kiss.
the brightness of her cheek would shame those stars... as daylight doth a lamp. "
her eyes in heaven would through the airy region... stream so bright... that birds would sing and think it were not night.
"what man art thou that thus bescreened in night... so stumblest on my counsel?"
by a name i know not how to tell thee who i am.
alack, there lies more peril in thine eye than 20 of their swords.
look thou but sweet, and i am proof against their enmity.
god's chosen vessel, the radiant one who shines her light on us- is at greenwich today and prepared during the evening's festivities... to bestow her gracious favor on my choice of wife.
and if we're late for lunch, the old boot will not forgive!
can i wish that for lady viola except in my dreams?
and yet i would if i were free to follow my desire in the harsh light of day.
can a play show us the very truth and nature of love?
i bear witness to the wager... and will be the judge of it as occasion arises.
i have a wife, yes, and i cannot marry the daughter of sir robert de lesseps.
you needed no wife come from stratford to tell you that, and yet, you let me come to your bed.
night's candles are burnt out, and jocund day stands tiptoe... on the misty mountaintops.
i must be gone and live, or stay and die. "
the master of the revels despises us all for vagrants and peddlers of bombast.
but my father, james burbage, had the first license to make a company of players from her majesty, and he drew from poets the literature of the age.
two households, both alike in dignity, in fair verona, where we lay our scene.
from ancient grudge break to new mutiny, where civil blood makes civil hands unclean.
from forth the fatal loins of these two foes... a pair of star-crossed lovers take their life... whose misadventured, piteous overthrows... doth with their death bury their parents' strife.
...the which of you with patient ears attend, what here shall miss, our toil shall strive to mend.
as stories must when love's denied- with tears and a journey.
those whom god has joined in marriage... not even i can put asunder.
aphrodite baggot, who does it behind the dog and trumpet ?
henslowe, you have no soul, so how can you understand the emptiness that seeks a soul mate ?
unless it be to think that she is by... and feed upon the shadow of perfection.
except i be by silvia in the night, there is no music in the nightingale.
his fingers were red from fighting... and he spoke like a schoolboy at lessons.
stage love will never be true love... while the law of the land has our heroines being played by pipsqueak boys in petticoats.
no, not the artful postures of love, but love that overthrows life.
unbiddable, ungovernable, like a riot in the heart, and nothing to be done, come ruin or rapture.
was this the face... that launched a thousand ships and burnt the topless--
i would like to give you something from faustus by christopher marlowe.
except i be by silvia in the night, there is no music in the nightingale.
unless i look on silvia in the day, there is no day for me to look upon.
i think milady is wise to keep your love at a distance.
for what lady could live up to it close to... when her eyes and lips and voice may be no more beautiful than mine.
it will spark between a queen and the poor vagabond who plays the king.
their love should be minded by each, for love denied blights the soul we owe to god.
good pilgrim, you do wrong your hand too much, which mannerly devotion shows in this.
for saints have hands that pilgrims' hands do touch, and palm to palm is holy palmers' kiss.
the brightness of her cheek would shame those stars... as daylight doth a lamp."
her eyes in heaven would through the airy region... stream so bright... that birds would sing and think it were not night.
or, if thou wilt not, be but sworn my love, and i'll no longer be a capulet.
shall i hear more, or shall i speak at this ?
"what man art thou that thus bescreened in night... so stumblest on my counsel ?"
by a name i know not how to tell thee who i am.
alack, there lies more peril in thine eye than 20 of their swords.
look thou but sweet, and i am proof against their enmity.
god's chosen vessel, the radiant one who shines her light on us-- is at greenwich today and prepared during the evening's festivities... to bestow her gracious favor on my choice of wife.
and if we're late for lunch, the old boot will not forgive !
can i wish that for lady viola except in my dreams ?
and yet i would if i were free to follow my desire in the harsh light of day.
can a play show us the very truth and nature of love ?
i bear witness to the wager... and will be the judge of it as occasion arises.
but i will go to wessex as a widow from these vows, as solemn as they are unsanctified.
for killing juliet's kinsman tybalt, the one who killed romeo's friend mercutio,
look, love, what envious streaks... do lace the severing clouds in yonder east.
night's candles are burnt out, and jocund day stands tiptoe... on the misty mountaintops.
the master of the revels despises us all for vagrants and peddlers of bombast.
but my father, james burbage, had the first license to make a company of players from her majesty, and he drew from poets the literature of the age.
two households, both alike in dignity, in fair verona, where we lay our scene.
from ancient grudge break to new mutiny, where civil blood makes civil hands unclean.
from forth the fatal loins of these two foes... a pair of star-crossed lovers take their life... whose misadventured, piteous overthrows... doth with their death bury their parents' strife.
...the which of you with patient ears attend, what here shall miss, our toil shall strive to mend.
i must hear from thee every day in the hour, for in a minute there are many days.
oh, by this count i shall be much in years ere again...
as stories must when love's denied-- with tears and a journey.
those whom god has joined in marriage... not even i can put asunder.
a lady... whose soul is greater than the ocean, and her spirit, stronger than the sea's embrace.
not for her a watery end, but a new life beginning on a stranger shore.
it's like trying to pick a lock with a wet herring.
tell me, are you lately humbled in the act of love?
- no, they would laugh at seneca if you played it.
there is no dog in the first scene, mr. kempe, thank you.
except i be by silvia in the night, there is no music in the nightingale.
unless i look on silvia in the day, there is no day for me to look upon.
unless it be to think that she is by... and feed upon the shadow of perfection.
except i be by silvia in the night, there is no music in the nightingale.
unless i look on silvia in the day, there is no day for me to look upon.
she is my essence, and i leave to be if i be not--
a skirmish of words and swords such as i never wrote, nor anyone.
he dies with such passion and poetry as you ever heard.
oh, thomas, a pair of pippins... as round and rare as golden apples.
i think milady is wise to keep your love at a distance.
for what lady could live up to it close to... when her eyes and lips and voice may be no more beautiful than mine.
besides, can a-- can a lady of wealth and noble marriage...
their love should be minded by each, for love denied blights the soul we owe to god.
so tell my lady william shakespeare waits for her in the garden.
by a name i know not how to tell thee who i am.
my name, dear saint, is hateful to myself, because it is an enemy to thee.
and if we're late for lunch, the old boot will not forgive!
so get you to my lady's chamber and produce her with or without her undergarments!
i have a wife, yes, and i cannot marry the daughter of sir robert de lesseps.
you needed no wife come from stratford to tell you that, and yet, you let me come to your bed.
and you, my lord, are gaining 5,000 pounds... by these drafts in my hand.
would you oblige me with 50 or so in gold... just to settle my accounts at the dockside?
from ancient grudge break to new mutiny, where civil blood makes civil hands unclean.
from forth the fatal loins of these two foes... a pair of star-crossed lovers take their life... whose misadventured, piteous overthrows... doth with their death bury their parents' strife.
aphrodite baggot, who does it behind the dog and trumpet ?
henslowe, you have no soul, so how can you understand the emptiness that seeks a soul mate ?
except i be by silvia in the night, there is no music in the nightingale.
unless i look on silvia in the day, there is no day for me to look upon.
except i be by silvia in the night, there is no music in the nightingale.
unless i look on silvia in the day, there is no day for me to look upon.
a skirmish of words and swords such as i never wrote, nor anyone.
he dies with such passion and poetry as you ever heard.
i think milady is wise to keep your love at a distance.
for what lady could live up to it close to... when her eyes and lips and voice may be no more beautiful than mine.
their love should be minded by each, for love denied blights the soul we owe to god.
so tell my lady william shakespeare waits for her in the garden.
you're still a maid, and perhaps as mistook in me as i was mistook in thomas kent.
are you the author of the plays of william shakespeare ?
the brightness of her cheek would shame those stars... as daylight doth a lamp."
her eyes in heaven would through the airy region... stream so bright... that birds would sing and think it were not night.
or, if thou wilt not, be but sworn my love, and i'll no longer be a capulet.
shall i hear more, or shall i speak at this ?
"what man art thou that thus bescreened in night... so stumblest on my counsel ?"
by a name i know not how to tell thee who i am.
alack, there lies more peril in thine eye than 20 of their swords.
look thou but sweet, and i am proof against their enmity.
the friar marries them in secret, then ned gets into a fight with one of the capulets.
romeo tries to stop them and gets in ned's way. i mean, in mercutio's way.
god's chosen vessel, the radiant one who shines her light on us-- is at greenwich today and prepared during the evening's festivities... to bestow her gracious favor on my choice of wife.
and if we're late for lunch, the old boot will not forgive !
can i wish that for lady viola except in my dreams ?
and yet i would if i were free to follow my desire in the harsh light of day.
i have a wife, yes, and i cannot marry the daughter of sir robert de lesseps.
you needed no wife come from stratford to tell you that, and yet, you let me come to your bed.
look, love, what envious streaks... do lace the severing clouds in yonder east.
night's candles are burnt out, and jocund day stands tiptoe... on the misty mountaintops.
and you, my lord, are gaining 5,000 pounds... by these drafts in my hand.
would you oblige me with 50 or so in gold... just to settle my accounts at the dockside ?
two households, both alike in dignity, in fair verona, where we lay our scene.
from ancient grudge break to new mutiny, where civil blood makes civil hands unclean.
from forth the fatal loins of these two foes... a pair of star-crossed lovers take their life... whose misadventured, piteous overthrows... doth with their death bury their parents' strife.
...the which of you with patient ears attend, what here shall miss, our toil shall strive to mend.
and yet my teen be it spoken, i have but four--
tell me, daughter juliet, how stands your dispositions to be married ?
i must hear from thee every day in the hour, for in a minute there are many days.
oh, by this count i shall be much in years ere again... i behold my romeo.
as stories must when love's denied-- with tears and a journey.
those whom god has joined in marriage... not even i can put asunder.
a lady... whose soul is greater than the ocean, and her spirit, stronger than the sea's embrace.
not for her a watery end, but a new life beginning on a stranger shore.
unless it be to think that she is by... and feed upon the shadow of perfection.
except i be by silvia in the night, there is no music in the nightingale.
his fingers were red from fighting... and he spoke like a schoolboy at lessons.
stage love will never be true love... while the law of the land has our heroines being played by pipsqueak boys in petticoats.
no, not the artful postures of love, but love that overthrows life.
unbiddable, ungovernable, like a riot in the heart, and nothing to be done, come ruin or rapture.
was this the face... that launched a thousand ships and burnt the topless--
i would like to give you something from faustus by christopher marlowe.
except i be by silvia in the night, there is no music in the nightingale.
unless i look on silvia in the day, there is no day for me to look upon.
i think milady is wise to keep your love at a distance.
for what lady could live up to it close to... when her eyes and lips and voice may be no more beautiful than mine.
it will spark between a queen and the poor vagabond who plays the king.
their love should be minded by each, for love denied blights the soul we owe to god.
good pilgrim, you do wrong your hand too much, which mannerly devotion shows in this.
for saints have hands that pilgrims' hands do touch, and palm to palm is holy palmers' kiss.
the brightness of her cheek would shame those stars... as daylight doth a lamp."
her eyes in heaven would through the airy region... stream so bright... that birds would sing and think it were not night.
"what man art thou that thus bescreened in night... so stumblest on my counsel?"
by a name i know not how to tell thee who i am.
alack, there lies more peril in thine eye than 20 of their swords.
look thou but sweet, and i am proof against their enmity.
god's chosen vessel, the radiant one who shines her light on us-- is at greenwich today and prepared during the evening's festivities... to bestow her gracious favor on my choice of wife.
and if we're late for lunch, the old boot will not forgive!
can i wish that for lady viola except in my dreams?
and yet i would if i were free to follow my desire in the harsh light of day.
can a play show us the very truth and nature of love?
i bear witness to the wager... and will be the judge of it as occasion arises.
but i will go to wessex as a widow from these vows, as solemn as they are unsanctified.
for killing juliet's kinsman tybalt, the one who killed romeo's friend mercutio,
look, love, what envious streaks... do lace the severing clouds in yonder east.
night's candles are burnt out, and jocund day stands tiptoe... on the misty mountaintops.
the master of the revels despises us all for vagrants and peddlers of bombast.
but my father, james burbage, had the first license to make a company of players from her majesty, and he drew from poets the literature of the age.
two households, both alike in dignity, in fair verona, where we lay our scene.
from ancient grudge break to new mutiny, where civil blood makes civil hands unclean.
from forth the fatal loins of these two foes... a pair of star-crossed lovers take their life... whose misadventured, piteous overthrows... doth with their death bury their parents' strife.
...the which of you with patient ears attend, what here shall miss, our toil shall strive to mend.
i must hear from thee every day in the hour, for in a minute there are many days.
oh, by this count i shall be much in years ere again...
as stories must when love's denied-- with tears and a journey.
those whom god has joined in marriage... not even i can put asunder.
a lady... whose soul is greater than the ocean, and her spirit, stronger than the sea's embrace.
not for her a watery end, but a new life beginning on a stranger shore.
unless it be to think that she is by... and feed upon the shadow of perfection.
except i be by silvia in the night... there is no music in the nightingale.
his fingers were red from fighting... and he spoke like a schoolboy at lessons.
stage love will never be true love... while the law of the land has our heroines being played by pipsqueak boys in petticoats.
no, not the artful postures of love... but love that overthrows life.
unbiddable, ungovernable, like a riot in the heart... and nothing to be done, come ruin or rapture.
unless it be to think that she is by... and feed upon the shadow of perfection.
except i be by silvia in the night... there is no music in the nightingale.
unless i look on silvia in the day... there is no day for me to look upon.
she is my essence, and i leave to be if i be not--
a skirmish of words and swords such as i never wrote, nor anyone.
he dies with such passion and poetry as you ever heard.
i think milady is wise to keep your love at a distance.
for what lady could live up to it close to... when her eyes and lips and voice may be no more beautiful than mine.
their love should be minded by each... for love denied blights the soul we owe to god.
so tell my lady william shakespeare waits for her in the garden.
the brightness of her cheek would shame those stars... as daylight doth a lamp."
her eyes in heaven would through the airy region... stream so bright... that birds would sing and think it were not night.
"what man art thou that thus bescreened in night... so stumblest on my counsel?"
by a name i know not how to tell thee who i am.
alack, there lies more peril in thine eye than 20 of their swords.
look thou but sweet, and i am proof against their enmity.
the friar marries them in secret... then ned gets into a fight with one of the capulets.
romeo tries to stop them and gets in ned's way. i mean, in mercutio's way.
god's chosen vessel, the radiant one who shines her light on us-- is at greenwich today and prepared during the evening's festivities... to bestow her gracious favor on my choice of wife.
and if we're late for lunch, the old boot will not forgive!
can i wish that for lady viola except in my dreams?
and yet i would if i were free to follow my desire in the harsh light of day.
i have a wife, yes... and i cannot marry the daughter of sir robert de lesseps.
you needed no wife come from stratford to tell you that... and yet, you let me come to your bed.
look, love, what envious streaks... do lace the severing clouds in yonder east.
night's candles are burnt out... and jocund day stands tiptoe... on the misty mountaintops.
and you, my lord, are gaining 5,000 pounds... by these drafts in my hand.
would you oblige me with 50 or so in gold... just to settle my accounts at the dockside?
two households... both alike in dignity... in fair verona... where we lay our scene.
from ancient grudge break to new mutiny... where civil blood makes civil hands unclean.
from forth the fatal loins of these two foes... a pair of star-crossed lovers take their life... whose misadventured, piteous overthrows... doth with their death bury their parents' strife.
...the which of you with patient ears attend... what here shall miss, our toil shall strive to mend.
and yet my teen be it spoken... i have but four--
tell me, daughter juliet... how stands your dispositions to be married?
i must hear from thee every day in the hour... for in a minute there are many days.
oh, by this count i shall be much in years ere again... i behold my romeo.
as stories must when love's denied-- with tears and a journey.
those whom god has joined in marriage... not even i can put asunder.
a lady... whose soul is greater than the ocean... and her spirit, stronger than the sea's embrace.
not for her a watery end... but a new life beginning on a stranger shore.
it's like trying to pick a lock with a wet herring.
tell me, are you lately humbled in the act of love?
- no, they would laugh at seneca if you played it.
there is no dog in the first scene, mr. kempe, thank you.
unless it be to think that she is by... and feed upon the shadow of perfection.
except i be by silvia in the night, there is no music in the nightingale.
his fingers were red from fighting... and he spoke like a schoolboy at lessons.
stage love will never be true love... while the law of the land has our heroines being played by pipsqueak boys in petticoats.
no, not the artful postures of love, but love that overthrows life.
unbiddable, ungovernable, like a riot in the heart, and nothing to be done, come ruin or rapture.
was this the face... that launched a thousand ships and burnt the topless--
i would like to give you something from faustus by christopher marlowe.
unless it be to think that she is by... and feed upon the shadow of perfection.
except i be by silvia in the night, there is no music in the nightingale.
unless i look on silvia in the day, there is no day for me to look upon.
she is my essence, and i leave to be if i be not--
i think milady is wise to keep your love at a distance.
for what lady could live up to it close to... when her eyes and lips and voice may be no more beautiful than mine.
it will spark between a queen and the poor vagabond who plays the king.
their love should be minded by each, for love denied blights the soul we owe to god.
good pilgrim, you do wrong your hand too much, which mannerly devotion shows in this.
for saints have hands that pilgrims' hands do touch, and palm to palm is holy palmers' kiss.
"what man art thou that thus bescreened in night... so stumblest on my counsel?"
by a name i know not how to tell thee who i am.
alack, there lies more peril in thine eye than 20 of their swords.
look thou but sweet, and i am proof against their enmity.
- and but thou love me let them find me here. - "good night.
good night, as sweet repose and rest come to thy heart... as that within my breast.
and if we're late for lunch, the old boot will not forgive!
so get you to my lady's chamber and produce her with or without her undergarments!
can a play show us the very truth and nature of love?
i bear witness to the wager... and will be the judge of it as occasion arises.
couple it with something; make it a word and a blow.
where's that thieving hack that can't keep his pen in his own ink pot?
but i will go to wessex as a widow from these vows, as solemn as they are unsanctified.
for killing juliet's kinsman tybalt, the one who killed romeo's friend mercutio,
from forth the fatal loins of these two foes... a pair of star-crossed lovers take their life... whose misadventured, piteous overthrows... doth with their death bury their parents' strife.
...the which of you with patient ears attend, what here shall miss, our toil shall strive to mend.
i must hear from thee every day in the hour, for in a minute there are many days.
oh, by this count i shall be much in years ere again...
as stories must when love's denied-- with tears and a journey.
those whom god has joined in marriage... not even i can put asunder.
it's like trying to pick a lock with a wet herring.
tell me, are you lately humbled in the act of love?
unless it be to think that she is by... and feed upon the shadow of perfection.
except i be by silvia in the night, there is no music in the nightingale.
his fingers were red from fighting... and he spoke like a schoolboy at lessons.
stage love will never be true love while the law of the land... has our heroines being played by pipsqueak boys in petticoats.
no, not the artful postures of love... but love that overthrows life.
unbiddable, ungovernable, like a riot in the heart... and nothing to be done, come ruin or rapture.
unless it be to think that she is by and feed upon the shadow of perfection.
except i be by silvia in the night... there is no music in the nightingale.
unless i look on silvia in the day... there is no day for me to look upon.
she is my essence, and i leave to be if i be not...
"stolen from the cradle and fostered to manhood by his montague mother...
"that was robbed of her own child by the pirate king".
a skirmish of words and swords such as i never wrote, nor anyone.
he dies with such passion and poetry as you ever heard.
oh, thomas, a pair of pippins... as round and rare as golden apples.
i think milady is wise to keep your love at a distance.
for what lady could live up to it close to... when her eyes and lips and voice... may be no more beautiful than mine.
besides, can a... can a lady of wealth and noble marriage... love happily with a bank side poet and player?
it will spark between a queen and the poor vagabond who plays the king... an their love should be minded by each... for love denied blights the soul we owe to god.
so tell my lady william shakespeare waits for her in the garden.
what man art thou that thus be screened in night... so stumblest on my counsel?"
by a name i know not how to tell thee who i am.
alack, there lies more peril in thine eye than 20 of their swords.
look thou but sweet, and i am proof against their enmity.
and if we're late for lunch, the old boot will not forgive!
so get you to my lady's chamber and produce her with or without her undergarments!
i have a wife, yes... and i cannot marry the daughter of sir robert de lesseps.
you needed no wife come from stratford to tell you that... and yet, you let me come to your bed.
look, love, what envious streaks... do lace the severing clouds in yonder east.
night's candles are burnt out... and jocund day stands tiptoe on the misty mountaintops.
the master of the revels despises us all for vagrants and peddlers of bombast.
but my father, james burbage... had the first license to make a company of players from her majesty... and he drew from poets the literature of the age.
two households... both alike in dignity... in fair verona... where we lay our scene.
from ancient grudge break to new mutiny... where civil blood makes civil hands unclean.
from forth the fatal loins of these two foes... a pair of star-crossed lovers take their life... whose misadventured, piteous overthrows... doth with their death bury their parents" strife.
...the which of you with patient ears attend... what here shall miss, our toil shall strive to mend.
i must hear from thee every day in the hour... for in a minute there are many days.
oh, by this count i shall be much in years ere again...
as stories must when love's denied, with tears and a journey.
those whom god has joined in marriage not even i can put asunder.
it's like trying to pick a lock with a wet herring.
tell me, are you lately humbled in the act of love?
unless it be to think that she is by... and feed upon the shadow of perfection.
except i be by silvia in the night, there is no music in the nightingale.
his fingers were red from fighting... and he spoke like a schoolboy at lessons.
stage love will never be true love while the law of the land... has our heroines being played by pipsqueak boys in petticoats.
no, not the artful postures of love... but love that overthrows life.
unbiddable, ungovernable, like a riot in the heart... and nothing to be done, come ruin or rapture.
unless it be to think that she is by and feed upon the shadow of perfection.
except i be by silvia in the night... there is no music in the nightingale.
unless i look on silvia in the day... there is no day for me to look upon.
she is my essence, and i leave to be if i be not...
"stolen from the cradle and fostered to manhood by his montague mother...
"that was robbed of her own child by the pirate king".
a skirmish of words and swords such as i never wrote, nor anyone.
he dies with such passion and poetry as you ever heard.
oh, thomas, a pair of pippins... as round and rare as golden apples.
i think milady is wise to keep your love at a distance.
for what lady could live up to it close to... when her eyes and lips and voice... may be no more beautiful than mine.
besides, can a... can a lady of wealth and noble marriage... love happily with a bank side poet and player?
it will spark between a queen and the poor vagabond who plays the king... an their love should be minded by each... for love denied blights the soul we owe to god.
so tell my lady william shakespeare waits for her in the garden.
what man art thou that thus be screened in night... so stumblest on my counsel?"
by a name i know not how to tell thee who i am.
alack, there lies more peril in thine eye than 20 of their swords.
look thou but sweet, and i am proof against their enmity.
and if we're late for lunch, the old boot will not forgive!
so get you to my lady's chamber and produce her with or without her undergarments!
i have a wife, yes... and i cannot marry the daughter of sir robert de lesseps.
you needed no wife come from stratford to tell you that... and yet, you let me come to your bed.
look, love, what envious streaks... do lace the severing clouds in yonder east.
night's candles are burnt out... and jocund day stands tiptoe on the misty mountaintops.
the master of the revels despises us all for vagrants and peddlers of bombast.
but my father, james burbage... had the first license to make a company of players from her majesty... and he drew from poets the literature of the age.
two households... both alike in dignity... in fair verona... where we lay our scene.
from ancient grudge break to new mutiny... where civil blood makes civil hands unclean.
from forth the fatal loins of these two foes... a pair of star-crossed lovers take their life... whose misadventured, piteous overthrows... doth with their death bury their parents" strife.
...the which of you with patient ears attend... what here shall miss, our toil shall strive to mend.
i must hear from thee every day in the hour... for in a minute there are many days.
oh, by this count i shall be much in years ere again...
as stories must when love's denied, with tears and a journey.
those whom god has joined in marriage not even i can put asunder.
it's like trying to pick a lock with a wet herring.
tell me, are you lately humbled in the act of love ?
unless it be to think that she is by... and feed upon the shadow of perfection.
except i be by silvia in the night, there is no music in the nightingale.
his fingers were red from fighting... and he spoke like a schoolboy at lessons.
stage love will never be true love... while the law of the land has our heroines being played by pipsqueak boys in petticoats.
no, not the artful postures of love, but love that overthrows life.
unbiddable, ungovernable, like a riot in the heart, and nothing to be done, come ruin or rapture.
was this the face... that launched a thousand ships and burnt the topless-
i would like to give you something from faustus by christopher marlowe.
except i be by silvia in the night, there is no music in the nightingale.
unless i look on silvia in the day, there is no day for me to look upon.
a skirmish of words and swords such as i never wrote, nor anyone.
he dies with such passion and poetry as you ever heard.
i think milady is wise to keep your love at a distance.
for what lady could live up to it close to... when her eyes and lips and voice may be no more beautiful than mine.
their love should be minded by each, for love denied blights the soul we owe to god.
so tell my lady william shakespeare waits for her in the garden.
you're still a maid, and perhaps as mistook in me as i was mistook in thomas kent.
are you the author of the plays of william shakespeare ?
shall i hear more, or shall i speak at this ?
"what man art thou that thus bescreened in night... so stumblest on my counsel ?"
by a name i know not how to tell thee who i am.
my name, dear saint, is hateful to myself, because it is an enemy to thee.
and if we're late for lunch, the old boot will not forgive !
so get you to my lady's chamber and produce her with or without her undergarments !
i have a wife, yes, and i cannot marry the daughter of sir robert de lesseps.
you needed no wife come from stratford to tell you that, and yet, you let me come to your bed.
but i will go to wessex as a widow from these vows, as solemn as they are unsanctified.
for killing juliet's kinsman tybalt, the one who killed romeo's friend mercutio,
and you, my lord, are gaining 5,000 pounds... by these drafts in my hand.
would you oblige me with 50 or so in gold... just to settle my accounts at the dockside ?
from ancient grudge break to new mutiny, where civil blood makes civil hands unclean.
from forth the fatal loins of these two foes... a pair of star-crossed lovers take their life... whose misadventured, piteous overthrows... doth with their death bury their parents' strife.
i must hear from thee every day in the hour, for in a minute there are many days.
oh, by this count i shall be much in years ere again...
as stories must when love's denied- with tears and a journey.
those whom god has joined in marriage... not even i can put asunder.
aphrodite baggot, who does it behind the dog and trumpet ?
henslowe, you have no soul, so how can you understand the emptiness that seeks a soul mate ?
except i be by silvia in the night, there is no music in the nightingale.
unless i look on silvia in the day, there is no day for me to look upon.
except i be by silvia in the night, there is no music in the nightingale.
unless i look on silvia in the day, there is no day for me to look upon.
a skirmish of words and swords such as i never wrote, nor anyone.
he dies with such passion and poetry as you ever heard.
i think milady is wise to keep your love at a distance.
for what lady could live up to it close to... when her eyes and lips and voice may be no more beautiful than mine.
their love should be minded by each, for love denied blights the soul we owe to god.
so tell my lady william shakespeare waits for her in the garden.
you're still a maid, and perhaps as mistook in me as i was mistook in thomas kent.
are you the author of the plays of william shakespeare ?
the brightness of her cheek would shame those stars... as daylight doth a lamp."
her eyes in heaven would through the airy region... stream so bright... that birds would sing and think it were not night.
or, if thou wilt not, be but sworn my love, and i'll no longer be a capulet.
shall i hear more, or shall i speak at this ?
"what man art thou that thus bescreened in night... so stumblest on my counsel ?"
by a name i know not how to tell thee who i am.
alack, there lies more peril in thine eye than 20 of their swords.
look thou but sweet, and i am proof against their enmity.
the friar marries them in secret, then ned gets into a fight with one of the capulets.
romeo tries to stop them and gets in ned's way. i mean, in mercutio's way.
god's chosen vessel, the radiant one who shines her light on us-- is at greenwich today and prepared during the evening's festivities... to bestow her gracious favor on my choice of wife.
and if we're late for lunch, the old boot will not forgive !
can i wish that for lady viola except in my dreams ?
and yet i would if i were free to follow my desire in the harsh light of day.
i have a wife, yes, and i cannot marry the daughter of sir robert de lesseps.
you needed no wife come from stratford to tell you that, and yet, you let me come to your bed.
look, love, what envious streaks... do lace the severing clouds in yonder east.
night's candles are burnt out, and jocund day stands tiptoe... on the misty mountaintops.
and you, my lord, are gaining 5,000 pounds... by these drafts in my hand.
would you oblige me with 50 or so in gold... just to settle my accounts at the dockside ?
two households, both alike in dignity, in fair verona, where we lay our scene.
from ancient grudge break to new mutiny, where civil blood makes civil hands unclean.
from forth the fatal loins of these two foes... a pair of star-crossed lovers take their life... whose misadventured, piteous overthrows... doth with their death bury their parents' strife.
...the which of you with patient ears attend, what here shall miss, our toil shall strive to mend.
and yet my teen be it spoken, i have but four--
tell me, daughter juliet, how stands your dispositions to be married ?
i must hear from thee every day in the hour, for in a minute there are many days.
oh, by this count i shall be much in years ere again... i behold my romeo.
as stories must when love's denied-- with tears and a journey.
those whom god has joined in marriage... not even i can put asunder.
a lady... whose soul is greater than the ocean, and her spirit, stronger than the sea's embrace.
not for her a watery end, but a new life beginning on a stranger shore.
aphrodite baggot, who does it behind the dog and trumpet ?
henslowe, you have no soul, so how can you understand the emptiness that seeks a soul mate ?
- no, they would laugh at seneca if you played it.
there is no dog in the first scene, mr. kempe, thank you.
except i be by silvia in the night, there is no music in the nightingale.
unless i look on silvia in the day, there is no day for me to look upon.
unless it be to think that she is by... and feed upon the shadow of perfection.
except i be by silvia in the night, there is no music in the nightingale.
unless i look on silvia in the day, there is no day for me to look upon.
she is my essence, and i leave to be if i be not-
oh, thomas, a pair of pippins... as round and rare as golden apples.
i think milady is wise to keep your love at a distance.
for what lady could live up to it close to... when her eyes and lips and voice may be no more beautiful than mine.
besides, can a- can a lady of wealth and noble marriage... love happily with a bankside poet and player ?
it will spark between a queen and the poor vagabond who plays the king.
their love should be minded by each, for love denied blights the soul we owe to god.
good pilgrim, you do wrong your hand too much, which mannerly devotion shows in this.
for saints have hands that pilgrims' hands do touch, and palm to palm is holy palmers' kiss.
"the brightness of her cheek would shame those stars... as daylight doth a lamp."
her eyes in heaven would through the airy region... stream so bright... that birds would sing and think it were not night.
or, if thou wilt not, be but sworn my love, and i'll no longer be a capulet.
shall i hear more, or shall i speak at this ?
"what man art thou that thus bescreened in night... so stumblest on my counsel ?"
by a name i know not how to tell thee who i am.
alack, there lies more peril in thine eye than 20 of their swords.
look thou but sweet, and i am proof against their enmity.
god's chosen vessel, the radiant one who shines her light on us- is at greenwich today and prepared during the evening's festivities... to bestow her gracious favor on my choice of wife.
and if we're late for lunch, the old boot will not forgive !
can i wish that for lady viola except in my dreams ?
and yet i would if i were free to follow my desire in the harsh light of day.
can a play show us the very truth and nature of love ?
i bear witness to the wager... and will be the judge of it as occasion arises.
the master of the revels despises us all for vagrants and peddlers of bombast.
but my father, james burbage, had the first license to make a company of players from her majesty, and he drew from poets the literature of the age.
two households, both alike in dignity, in fair verona, where we lay our scene.
from ancient grudge break to new mutiny, where civil blood makes civil hands unclean.
from forth the fatal loins of these two foes... a pair of star-crossed lovers take their life... whose misadventured, piteous overthrows... doth with their death bury their parents' strife.
...the which of you with patient ears attend, what here shall miss, our toil shall strive to mend.
a lady... whose soul is greater than the ocean, and her spirit, stronger than the sea's embrace.
not for her a watery end, but a new life beginning on a stranger shore.
it's like trying to pick a lock with a wet herring.
tell me, are you lately humbled in the act of love ?
- no, they would laugh at seneca if you played it.
there is no dog in the first scene, mr. kempe, thank you.
unless it be to think that she is by... and feed upon the shadow of perfection.
except i be by silvia in the night, there is no music in the nightingale.
his fingers were red from fighting... and he spoke like a schoolboy at lessons.
stage love will never be true love... while the law of the land has our heroines being played by pipsqueak boys in petticoats.
no, not the artful postures of love, but love that overthrows life.
unbiddable, ungovernable, like a riot in the heart, and nothing to be done, come ruin or rapture.
unless it be to think that she is by... and feed upon the shadow of perfection.
except i be by silvia in the night, there is no music in the nightingale.
unless i look on silvia in the day, there is no day for me to look upon.
she is my essence, and i leave to be if i be not--
oh, thomas, a pair of pippins... as round and rare as golden apples.
i think milady is wise to keep your love at a distance.
for what lady could live up to it close to... when her eyes and lips and voice may be no more beautiful than mine.
besides, can a-- can a lady of wealth and noble marriage... love happily with a bankside poet and player ?
it will spark between a queen and the poor vagabond who plays the king.
their love should be minded by each, for love denied blights the soul we owe to god.
good pilgrim, you do wrong your hand too much, which mannerly devotion shows in this.
for saints have hands that pilgrims' hands do touch, and palm to palm is holy palmers' kiss.
shall i hear more, or shall i speak at this ?
""what man art thou that thus bescreened in night... so stumblest on my counsel ?""
by a name i know not how to tell thee who i am.
my name, dear saint, is hateful to myself, because it is an enemy to thee.
and if we're late for lunch, the old boot will not forgive !
so get you to my lady's chamber and produce her with or without her undergarments !
can a play show us the very truth and nature of love ?
i bear witness to the wager... and will be the judge of it as occasion arises.
but i will go to wessex as a widow from these vows, as solemn as they are unsanctified.
for killing juliet's kinsman tybalt, the one who killed romeo's friend mercutio,
the master of the revels despises us all for vagrants and peddlers of bombast.
but my father, james burbage, had the first license to make a company of players from her majesty, and he drew from poets the literature of the age.
from ancient grudge break to new mutiny, where civil blood makes civil hands unclean.
from forth the fatal loins of these two foes... a pair of star-crossed lovers take their life... whose misadventured, piteous overthrows... doth with their death bury their parents' strife.
a lot of people think that they know the answer to that but... no one really knows but god.
if god is so great, couldn't he make it so nobody ever dies?
well, now that you've left the group, it might be a nice project for you.
honey, yesterday, peter watts told me there was going to be an earthquake this morning.
the chances of any life being here, let alone you and me?
when it ends, we'll be among the ten per cent of all humans who ever lived,
do you understand the odds of being born at the time it ends?
since the time is now, since the end is here, we're all old,
but compared to all the life on earth, in the universe, we're infants,
that's all we'll ever be, can you calculate the odds of being both?
i'm so lucky to be born now, the things they've told me,
the responsibility, frank, just to know is enough to... to see it,
having a chance to witness, to have the chance to watch it happen,
but we'll be all right, we can't be born just to die,
maybe, as a whole, mankind is only allotted so many days of life,
so you see, in what appears to be the plan for mankind, the death of one individual is absolutely inconsequential.
our responsibility, and remember that word, it'll come up again, our responsibility is to the life of the whole of mankind.
and so we must proceed in a manner that increases the odds of that survival.
and the courage to be responsible for all those lives, that is the first thing that you must understand and accept.
as you are about to become a member of the millennium group, there will be a constant danger to yourself, mentally, physically, in the responsibility of the responsibility.
and for those who are not broken by the danger and responsibility of knowing, comes the intensity of living with that reponsibility for the rest of their lives.
and the actions which must be taken to achieve the millennium group's success of purpose.
no one can tell me the same night richard informs me the group is watching us, he dies in a car wreck.
frank, death is never convenient, no matter what the circumstances, the timing or the need for a reason.
there are strange reports out of the east of china, near jinan, in which an entire village of farmers and their families were found dead today,
causes are being attributed to everything from mass suicide to a toxic spill,
so, since it appears that i no longer have level blue clearance,
i broke into group archives and stole some of the old man's effects.
the virus, marburg variant prp, a man-made life form that had never been exposed to the environment, leaked.
birds in the area, and birds were especially susceptible, became infected.
they migrated to alaska, northern canada, to the american upper midwest.
in 1986 a wisconsin farmer and his flock of hens died from its effects.
"the revelation of jesus christ, which god gave him, to show his servants things which must shortly take place,"
"and he sent and signified it by his angel to his servant john, who bore witness to the word of god, and the testimony of jesus christ, to all things that he saw. "
under the advisement of the centres for disease control, the government and the state of washington have declared king, pierce and thurston counties quarantined areas until further notice,
the cdc admits to not having identified an infectious agent or cause...
during the black plague, people took their families to the mountains or the forest.
they'd post guards encircling their camps and kill anybody that appeared.
it fades away, or maybe they're going to give it to the government, i don't know.
they told me that they only had enough for their members.
how does god choose when it's time for someone to die?
a lot of people think that they know the answer to that but... no one really knows but god.
if god is so great, couldn't he make it so nobody ever dies?
honey, there must be a reason that all things have to die.
it might be nice to take jordan out of the city.
no one's been up there since i was in high school.
i can't walk away until i am certain of what the future might bring.
the way you feel toward them... describes my feeling toward you.
do you realize the probability of even being born at all?
the chances of any life being here, let alone you and me?
when it ends, we'll be among the ten per cent of all humans who ever lived.
do you understand the odds of being born at the time it ends?
since the time is now, since the end is here, we're all old.
but compared to all the life on earth, in the universe, we're infants.
"blessed is he who reads, and those who hear the words of this prophecy, for the time is near."
richard, i'm honored you offered me ajob with you in the trust.
you should be aware that they've begun intense surveillance on peter watts.
any group who so closely monitors their own members should be feared.
maybe, individually, we are allotted only so many days of life.
maybe, as a whole, mankind is only allotted so many days of life.
so you see, in what appears to be the plan for mankind, the death of one individual is absolutely inconsequential.
the millennium group is not concerned with any single individual life.
as you are about to become a member of the millennium group, there will be a constant danger to yourself, mentally, physically, in the responsibility of the responsibility.
just the simple act of comprehending the reality of the events before us can cause some to break.
the trust checked the car, intent on finding the evidence to prove our suspicions, but no foreign substances in the brake line, no evidence of tampering on the pads, disc or wheel drums.
no one can tell me the same night richard informs me the group is watching us, he dies in a car wreck.
it's immune to antibiotics, enzymes, can withstand heat of over 600 degrees.
a marburg variant virus was genetically engineered with a prion, thereby creating a biological agent that would kill quickly, spread rapidly and, if the virus were neutralized, the fused prion would finish off the host.
birds in the area, and birds were especially susceptible, became infected.
they migrated to alaska, northern canada, to the american upper midwest.
"and he sent and signified it by his angel to his servant john, who bore witness to the word of god, and the testimony of jesus christ, to all things that he saw."
"blessed is he who reads, and those who hear the words of this prophecy, and keep those things which are written in it, for the time is near."
under the advisement of the centers for disease control, the government and the state of washington have declared king, pierce and thurston counties quarantined areas until further notice.
the cdc admits to not having identified an infectious agent or cause...
during the black plague, people took their families to the mountains or the forest.
they'd post guards encircling their camps and kill anybody that appeared.
three hours filling out police reports... five pages of insurance company fine print-
i know it's a little late to stop the happy fellows at the chop shop this time... but i saw this and i immediately thought of you.
once you try one of these puppies... you'll never go back.
it takes a lot of jack to supply the kind of order i'm talking about.
it's not every day we get ripped off to the exact penny.
once again, officer, it's a black... 500 sl convertible... license plate, lyle-1.
look, i hate to bring the room down, but we've been here before.
it'll take us three weeks to run jarod's little maze... and by then he'll be long gone.
i created a new computer tracing program- type of digital encryption.
i marked the centre's funds electronically- like a bank marks cash- and this program lets me follow the money wherever it goes.
the guidance systems are dead... and i've got the only brain that can program them.
i guess you should have covered that before i brought them here.
which means we will be working shifts around the clock... if we're going to meet the deadline.
[man] considering mr. blake already has buyers lined up... there's not much choice, is there?
look, mr. desmond, i'm not here to blow up your car.
i'm here to program your missiles, get my money... and get the hell out of here.
do i have to remind you that wendy dawson died three years ago?
that is what desmond always wanted you to believe... but i am telling you, she's very much alive... and in a hotel not ten minutes from here.
- i was stolen from my mother when i was a child.
i never wanted her to stop looking for me... even if it put me in danger.
i should have mentioned it to you earlier... but i, uh- i didn't want to bother you.
they just seemed really interested... in ryan and rebecca, that's all.
three hours filling out police reports... five pages of insurance company fine print-
i know it's a little late to stop the happy fellows at the chop shop this time... but i saw this and i immediately thought of you.
once you try one of these puppies... you'll never go back.
it takes a lot of jack to supply the kind of order i'm talking about.
it's not every day we get ripped off to the exact penny.
once again, officer, it's a black... 500 sl convertible... license plate, lyle-1.
look, i hate to bring the room down, but we've been here before.
it'll take us three weeks to run jarod's little maze... and by then he'll be long gone.
i created a new computer tracing program- type of digital encryption.
i marked the centre's funds electronically- like a bank marks cash- and this program lets me follow the money wherever it goes.
the guidance systems are dead... and i've got the only brain that can program them.
i guess you should have covered that before i brought them here.
which means we will be working shifts around the clock... if we're going to meet the deadline.
[man] considering mr. blake already has buyers lined up... there's not much choice, is there?
look, mr. desmond, i'm not here to blow up your car.
i'm here to program your missiles, get my money... and get the hell out of here.
do i have to remind you that wendy dawson died three years ago?
that is what desmond always wanted you to believe... but i am telling you, she's very much alive... and in a hotel not ten minutes from here.
- i was stolen from my mother when i was a child.
i never wanted her to stop looking for me... even if it put me in danger.
i should have mentioned it to you earlier... but i, uh- i didn't want to bother you.
they just seemed really interested... in ryan and rebecca, that's all.
this is relating to the recall of american troops from abroad.
tragedy struck today as a charter aircraft carrying an army unit returning from duty in japan crashed this morning...
mrs rittenhouse started drinking a couple of years ago when her husband had a series of affairs.
stepped it up last summer after their son died of leukaemia.
so i threw him a breakfast and hit him up about rittenhouse.
bob campbell's leaving, so midnight saturday anchor shift is opening up.
5 on air doing domestic features, another 2 in some cholera-ridden hellhole.
and then i'll quit if they don't give you a weekend anchor shot.
and she says yes, and he says yes, and it's kissy, kissy, kissy, and congratulations.
jenny, you now have a new stepmother who is 2 years older than you.
ms lerner was just expressing her lack of enthusiasm for matters of national security where journalistic competitiveness is at stake.
mr president, i'm not interested in using ellie to further my career.
and i can't appeal to your sense of what's in the nation's best interest?
i always thought the truth was in the nation's best interest.
morton, if she knows, how long can it be before cnn or the post breaks the story?
this was never gonna be a secret as long as you wanted it to be.
it's a bit complicated, so it will take some time, so i hope you will bear with me, hear what i have to say.
a little over a year ago, 2 american astronomers, marcus wolf and leo biederman, working on a mountain top in arizona...
these chunks of space debris are in an elongated orbit around our sun, but every now and then one of them gets bumped like a billiard ball on a pool table and is knocked into a different orbit.
if this comet continues on its path around the sun and keeps its present course, sometime on august 16, roughly a year from now, there's a chance that we might have impact.
you were the last man to walk on the moon, weren't you?
yes, sir, but oren here will be doing most of the flying on this one.
does anyone know how big the one was that killed all the dinosaurs?
something majestic, mysterious, with a fanfare for the intro and a theme for the longer promos.
you don't even really know who i am, which is ok.
i walked on the moon, but i didn't belong to you.
when the crew enters the messiah, they will find a payload of 8 nuclear devices that will eventually be used to blow up the comet.
the messiah itself will be powered by an experimental nuclear propulsion system that was originally created for a very different purpose.
sometime in the next hour, the messiah mission will enter its most critical phase:
the interception of wolf-biederman and the setting of the nuclear devices that will deflect it off its collision course with earth.
but first, captain spurgeon tanner will have to guide the spacecraft through the blizzard of rocks, sand, and ice that make up the comet's tail, or coma.
the crew will have to complete its work before the sun rises.
on the mississippi river in mark twain's time, there were riverboat pilots who only knew a few miles of the river.
i mean, conditions changed so much, you couldn't know the whole trip.
now, these images are delayed by approximately 20 seconds, due to the distance they must travel.
ok, you can see that the image is breaking up a bit.
the sun striking the comet will cause the temperature to rise 350 degrees in just a few minutes and activate the high-speed gas jets.
well, if that happens, it will be like trying to work in a minefield.
gus partenza, a native of harrisburg, pennsylvania, and graduate of carnegie-mellon university, joined the nasa space programme shortly after completing his medical training at duke university.
dr partenza was selected specifically for this mission, not only for his medical expertise, but also for his dedication to the advancement of space technology.
the messiah's exterior-mounted camera will show us the detonation, but not before being temporarily blocked out by the nuclear blast.
once again, let me remind you, there is a 20-second delay, so when the picture comes back to us, the comet should already have been knocked off its present course.
it is my unhappy duty to report to you that the messiah has failed.
this computer-enhanced radar image from houston shows how the detonation succeeded, however, did not destroy the comet.
if we can deflect these comets enough, they will bounce harmlessly off our atmosphere and head on out into space.
unfortunately, the titans cannot be launched until the comets are only a few hours away.
and while we are confident the missile attack will succeed, it is only prudent that we now take cautionary steps to ensure the continuation of our way of life, to guarantee that there will be enough of us left
to rebuild a new world in the unlikely event that the comets do strike the earth.
on august 10th, a computer will randomly select 800,000 americans to join the 200,000 scientists, doctors, engineers, teachers, soldiers, and artists, who have already been chosen.
other countries are preparing similar caves along whatever lines they feel are best to preserve their way of life.
"those of you who have been preselected will be notified within the next few minutes.
for the rest, on the night of august 10th, those whose social security numbers have been randomly selected by computer will be notified.
those selected will be taken by bus and train to the underground ark site by military personnel.
civil defence teams have been formed in every town with a population over 5,000.
system check was ok, but i don't know about the radiation shielding.
so, if we fire it up, we beat the comet back to earth, but we may end up glowing in the dark.
what are you gonna do with all that extra money you save?
do you know the national gallery is saving all of the art?
now i know in part, then i shall understand fully, even as i have been fully understood.
do you, leo, take sarah to be your wife... to have and to hold from this day forward... for better, for worse... for richer, for poorer... to love and to cherish?
you children didn't bring any real books to read, did you know that?
i brought moby dick and huck/eberry finn and baker and simon had never read them.
if you have been designated as a civilian section officer, report to section red 116 upon entering.
once again, if you have been designated as a civilian section officer, report to section red 116 upon entering.
we have now been able to calculate the comets' final trajectories, and we have determined where they're going to strike.
the smaller of the 2 comets, biederman, will hit first, somewhere along the atlantic seaboard probably in the waters off the coast of cape hatteras in just under 12 hours at 4:35 p.m. eastern daylight time.
there will be a very large tidal wave moving quickly through the atlantic ocean.
it will be 100 feet high, travelling at 1,100 miles an hour.
where the land is flat, the wave will wash inland 600 to 700 miles.
the wave will hit our nation's capital 40 minutes after impact.
the impact of the larger comet will be nothing less than an extinction-level event.
it will strike land in western canada 3 hours after biederman.
now, the outgassing has created a vent a half mile wide and at least 2 miles deep.
comet gets closer to the sun, sun melts the ice, ice turns to steam, we get a big hole, ok?
if we can get the remaining bombs in that vent, there shouldn't be anything left bigger than a suitcase.
we can't do anything about the little one, but it just might give them a chance.
without the arming codes, we're going to have to wait to set the bomb timers until we get closer to earth to raise houston.
we may not have enough life support left to get back into the cargo bay for the nukes, much less to go down to the comet.
we sure as hell don't have enough propellant left in the messiah to manoeuvre with.
how are we supposed to get back off the surface once we've gotten down there?
i thought if the wave comes, we should be here because she likes it here.
and we're on the 15th floor, so maybe we'll be ok.
messiah, we got some people here that want to talk to you.
wendy, honey... you promise me you'll keep doing your church thing, and i'll be there right next to you, haunting you.
this is relating to the recall of american troops from abroad.
tragedy struck today as a charter aircraft carrying an army unit returning from duty in japan crashed this morning... says secretary of the treasury rittenhouse is resigning because his wife is sick.
mrs rittenhouse started drinking a couple of years ago when her husband had a series of affairs.
stepped it up last summer after their son died of leukemia.
so i threw him a breakfast and hit him up about rittenhouse.
bob campbell's leaving, so midnight saturday anchor shift is opening up.
5 on air doing domestic features, another 2 in some cholera-ridden hellhole.
and then i'll quit if they don't give you a weekend anchor shot.
jason says, "lie, lie, lie, till death do us part, blah, blah, blah,"
and she says yes, and he says yes, and it's kissy, kissy, kissy, and congratulations.
ms lerner was just expressing her lack of enthusiasm for matters of national security where journalistic competitiveness is at stake.
mr president, i'm not interested in using ellie to further my career.
and i can't appeal to your sense of what's in the nation's best interest?
i always thought the truth was in the nation's best interest.
morton, if she knows, how long can it be before cnn or the post breaks the story?
this was never gonna be a secret as long as you wanted it to be.
it's a bit complicated, so it will take some time, so i hope you will bear with me, hear what i have to say.
a little over a year ago, 2 american astronomers, marcus wolfand leo biederman, working on a mountain top in arizona...
there was a remote possibility that the comet was on a path that could bring it into direct contact with the earth.
now... we get hit all the time by rocks and meteors, some of them the size of cars, some no bigger than your hand.
they're what's left over from the creation of the solar system after the planets were formed billions of years ago.
these chunks of space debris are in an elongated orbit around our sun, but every now and then one of them gets bumped
like a billiard ball on a pool table and is knocked into a different orbit.
if this comet continues on its path around the sun and keeps its present course, sometime on august 1 6, roughly a year from now, there's a chance that we might have impact.
is--is there a connection between the comet and the recall of american troops from abroad?
our fighting men and women are coming home because we felt it prudent, in light of domestic security concerns, to have them available.
upon first entering earth's atmosphere, proceed immediately up the exterior of the mother ship.
when the sun hits the surface, there's gonna be explosive out gassings that are very dangerous--
all i'm saying is, the moon did not have a rotational cycle of 14 hours.
i mean, we only have 7 hours of dark when the sun's not up to land on this thing.
you don't even really know who i am, which is ok.
i walked on the moon, but i didn't belong to you.
propelled by 500,000 pounds of liquid fuel, the shuttle crew heads toward their initial destination.
when the crew enters the messiah, they will find a payload of 8 nuclear devices that will eventually be used to blow up the comet.
the interception of wolf-biederman and the setting of the nuclear devices that will deflect it off its collision course with earth.
but first, captain spurgeon tanner will have to guide the spacecraft through the blizzard of rocks, sand, and ice that make up the comet's tail, or coma.
on the mississippi river in mark twain's time, there were riverboat pilots who only knew a few miles of the river.
i mean, conditions changed so much, you couldn't know the whole trip.
are images from cameras mounted inside the cargo bay of the messiah.
now, these images are delayed by approximately 20 seconds, due to the distance they must travel.
the sun striking the comet will cause the temperature to rise 350 degrees in just a few minutes and activate the high-speed gas jets.
well, if that happens, it will be like trying to work in a minefield.
the messiah has successfully docked with the orion-powered boosters and is now prepared to detonate the bombs planted on wolf-biederman.
the messiah's exterior-mounted camera will show us the detonation, but not before being temporarily blocked out by the nuclear blast.
it is my unhappy duty to report to you that the messiah has failed.
this computer-enhanced radar image from houston shows how the detonation succeeded, however, did not destroy the comet.
first, our strategic missile command is preparing to coordinate with the russians a massive strike of titan missiles to intercept the comets.
if we can deflect these comets enough, they will bounce harmlessly off our atmosphere and head on out into space.
unfortunately, the titans cannot be launched until the comets are only a few hours away.
and while we are confident the missile attack will succeed, it is only prudent that we now take cautionary steps to ensure the continuation four way of life, to guarantee that there will be enough of us left to rebuild a new world
in the unlikely event that the comets do strike the earth.
so, in the soft limestone of missouri, we've been preparing a network of immense caves, and they're almost finished.
we're storing seeds and seedlings, plants, animals, enough to start over.
on august 10th, a computer will randomly select 800,000 americans to join the 200,000 scientists, doctors, engineers, teachers, soldiers, and artists, who have already been chosen.
crimes against persons or property will be dealt with swiftly and harshly.
news stations around the nation are being faxed copies of the lottery procedure as we speak, and they'll be broadcasting the details to you in a few moments.
"those of you who have been preselected will be notified within the next few minutes.
for the rest, on the night of august 1 0th, those whose social security numbers have been randomly selected by computer will be notified.
civil defence teams have been formed in every town with a population over 5,000.
they will distribute supplies and organize group shelters in underground parking facilities and other appropriate sites.
system check was ok, but i don't know about the radiation shielding.
so, if we fire it up, we beat the comet back to earth, but we may end up glowing in the dark.
what are you gonna do with all that extra money you save?
do you know the national gallery is saving all of the art?
now i know in part, then i shall understand fully, even as i have been fully understood.
do you, leo, take sarah to be your wife... to have and to hold from this day forward... for better, for worse... for richer, for poorer... to love and to cherish?
i brought moby dick and huckleberry finn and baker and simon had never read them.
now, i'm afraid to ask you, have you ever read melville or twain?
several years ago, never mind how long precisely, having little or no money in my purse... grim about the mouth...
whenever it is a damp, drizzly november in my soul, whenever i find myself knocking people's hats off, then,
so gather your things and follow me to the orientation gallery.
if you have been designated as a civilian section officer, report to section red 116 upon entering.
we have now confirmed the launch of all the titan missiles from their positions in north dakota and wyoming.
the comets are now approximately 14 hours outside of earth's atmosphere, and we are told it should take these missiles
we have now been able to calculate the comets' final trajectories, and we have determined where they're going to strike.
the smaller of the 2 comets, biederman, will hit first, somewhere along the atlantic seaboard probably in the waters off the coast of cape hatteras in just under 12 hours at 4:35 p.m. eastern daylight time.
there will be a very large tidal wave moving quickly through the atlantic ocean
it will be 100 feet high, traveling at 1,100 miles an hour.
where the land is flat, the wave will wash inland 600 to 700 miles
the wave will hit our nation's capital 40 minutes after impact.
it will strike land in western canada 3 hours after biederman.
within a week, the skies will be dark with dust from the impact and they will stay dark for 2 years.
now, the outgassing has created a vent a half mile wide and at least 2 miles deep.
comet gets closer to the sun, sun melts the ice, ice turns to steam, we get a big hole, ok?
if we can get the remaining bombs in that vent, there shouldn't be anything left bigger than a suitcase.
we can't do anything about the little one, but it just might give them a chance.
without the arming codes, we're going to have to wait to set the bomb timers until we get closer to earth to raise houston.
we may not have enough life support left to get back into the cargo bay for the nukes, much less to go down to the comet.
we sure as hell don't have enough propellant left in the messiah to maneuver with.
how are we supposed to get back off the surface once we've gotten down there?
i thought if the wave comes, we should be here because she likes it here.
and we're on the 15th floor, so maybe we'll be ok.
this is relating to the recall of american troops from abroad.
tragedy struck today as a charter aircraft carrying an army unit returning from duty in japan crashed this morning... says secretary of the treasury rittenhouse is resigning because his wife is sick.
mrs rittenhouse started drinking a couple of years ago when her husband had a series of affairs.
stepped it up last summer after their son died of leukemia.
so i threw him a breakfast and hit him up about rittenhouse.
bob campbell's leaving, so midnight saturday anchor shift is opening up.
5 on air doing domestic features, another 2 in some cholera-ridden hellhole.
and then i'll quit if they don't give you a weekend anchor shot.
jason says, "lie, lie, lie, till death do us part, blah, blah, blah,"
and she says yes, and he says yes, and it's kissy, kissy, kissy, and congratulations.
you'll get second row, centre, at the white house press conference.
now, from what i know of your career, that's a promotion.
and i'm trusting you because i know what this can do for your career.
it might seem that we have each other over the same barrel, ms lerner, but it just seems that way.
it's a bit complicated, so it will take some time, so i hope you will bear with me, hear what i have to say.
a little over a year ago, 2 american astronomers, marcus wolfand leo biederman, working on a mountain top in arizona...
there was a remote possibility that the comet was on a path that could bring it into direct contact with the earth.
now... we get hit all the time by rocks and meteors, some of them the size of cars, some no bigger than your hand.
these chunks of space debris are in an elongated orbit around our sun, but every now and then one of them gets bumped
like a billiard ball on a pool table and is knocked into a different orbit.
if this comet continues on its path around the sun and keeps its present course, sometime on august 1 6, roughly a year from now, there's a chance that we might have impact.
so for the past 8 months, the united states and russia have been building the largest spaceship ever constructed.
right now a team of american astronauts and one russian are at cape canaveral in florida.
in 2 months, they will leave on the shuttle atlantis to board the messiah.
upon first entering earth's atmosphere, proceed immediately up the exterior of the mother ship.
when the sun hits the surface, there's gonna be explosive out gassings that are very dangerous--
all i'm saying is, the moon did not have a rotational cycle of 14 hours.
i mean, we only have 7 hours of dark when the sun's not up to land on this thing.
i woke up this morning, and i realized... none of you want me here.
you don't even really know who i am, which is ok.
when the crew enters the messiah, they will find a payload of 8 nuclear devices that will eventually be used to blow up the comet.
the messiah itself will be powered by an experimental nuclear propulsion system that was originally created for a very different purpose.
the interception of wolf-biederman and the setting of the nuclear devices that will deflect it off its collision course with earth.
but first, captain spurgeon tanner will have to guide the spacecraft through the blizzard of rocks, sand, and ice that make up the comet's tail, or coma.
now, these images are delayed by approximately 20 seconds, due to the distance they must travel.
ok, you can see that the image is breaking up a bit.
the sun striking the comet will cause the temperature to rise 350 degrees in just a few minutes and activate the high-speed gas jets.
well, if that happens, it will be like trying to work in a minefield.
the messiah has successfully docked with the orion-powered boosters and is now prepared to detonate the bombs planted on wolf-biederman.
the messiah's exterior-mounted camera will show us the detonation, but not before being temporarily blocked out by the nuclear blast.
it is my unhappy duty to report to you that the messiah has failed.
this computer-enhanced radar image from houston shows how the detonation succeeded, however, did not destroy the comet.
first, our strategic missile command is preparing to coordinate with the russians a massive strike of titan missiles to intercept the comets.
if we can deflect these comets enough, they will bounce harmlessly off our atmosphere and head on out into space.
unfortunately, the titans cannot be launched until the comets are only a few hours away.
and while we are confident the missile attack will succeed, it is only prudent that we now take cautionary steps to ensure the continuation of our way of life, to guarantee that there will be enough of us left
to rebuild a new world in the unlikely event that the comets do strike the earth.
so, in the soft limestone of missouri, we've been preparing a network of immense caves, and they're almost finished.
we're storing seeds and seedlings, plants, animals, enough to start over.
on august 10th, a computer will randomly select 800,000 americans to join the 200,000 scientists, doctors, engineers, teachers, soldiers, and artists, who have already been chosen.
crimes against persons or property will be dealt with swiftly and harshly.
news stations around the nation are being faxed copies of the lottery procedure as we speak, and they'll be broadcasting the details to you in a few moments.
for the rest, on the night of august 1 0th, those whose social security numbers have been randomly selected by computer will be notified.
while some americans... over 50 years of age have been preselected for the ark due to their expertise in a necessary field of study, no men and women over 50 in the general population will be included in the lottery.
civil defence teams have been formed in every town with a population over 5,000.
they will distribute supplies and organize group shelters in underground parking facilities and other appropriate sites.
system check was ok, but i don't know about the radiation shielding.
so, if we fire it up, we beat the comet back to earth, but we may end up glowing in the dark.
what are you gonna do with all that extra money you save?
do you know the national gallery is saving all of the art?
for now we see in a mirror dimly, but then face to face.
now i know in part, then i shall understand fully, even as i have been fully understood.
you children didn't bring any real books to read, did you know that?
i brought moby dick and huckleberry finn and baker and simon had never read them.
whenever it is a damp, drizzly november in my soul, whenever i find myself knocking people's hats off, then,
i account it high time to get to sea as soon as i can."
if the world does go on... it will not go on for everyone.
we have now been able to calculate the comets' final trajectories, and we have determined where they're going to strike.
as the wave reaches shallow water, it's going to slow down, but the wave height, depending on the depth of the shelf off the coast, will be anywhere from 1 ,000 to 3,500 feet high.
where the land is flat, the wave will wash inland 600 to 700 miles
the impact of the larger comet will be nothing less than an extinction-level event.
it will strike land in western canada 3 hours after biederman.
now, the outgassing has created a vent a half mile wide and at least 2 miles deep.
comet gets closer to the sun, sun melts the ice, ice turns to steam, we get a big hole, ok?
if we can get the remaining bombs in that vent, there shouldn't be anything left bigger than a suitcase.
we can't do anything about the little one, but it just might give them a chance.
without the arming codes, we're going to have to wait to set the bomb timers until we get closer to earth to raise houston.
we may not have enough life support left to get back into the cargo bay for the nukes, much less to go down to the comet.
we sure as hell don't have enough propellant left in the messiah to maneuver with.
how are we supposed to get back off the surface once we've gotten down there?
messiah, we got some people here that want to talk to you.
wendy, honey... you promise me you'll keep doing your church thing, and i'll be there right next to you, haunting you.
this is relating to the recall of american troops from abroad.
tragedy struck today as a charter aircraft carrying an army unit returning from duty in japan crashed this morning...
mrs rittenhouse started drinking a couple of years ago when her husband had a series of affairs.
stepped it up last summer after their son died of leukaemia.
so i threw him a breakfast and hit him up about rittenhouse.
bob campbell's leaving, so midnight saturday anchor shift is opening up.
5 on air doing domestic features, another 2 in some cholera-ridden hell hole.
and then i'll quit if they don't give you a weekend anchor shot.
jason says, "lie, lie, lie, till death do us part, blah, blah, blah,"
and she says yes, and he says yes, and it's kissy, kissy, kissy, and congratulations.
ms lerner was just expressing her lack of enthusiasm for matters of national security where journalistic competitiveness is at stake.
mr president, i'm not interested in using ellie to further my career.
and i can't appeal to your sense of what's in the nation's best interest?
i always thought the truth was in the nation's best interest.
morton, if she knows, how long can it be before cnn or the post breaks the story?
this was never gonna be a secret as long as you wanted it to be.
it's a bit complicated, so it will take some time, so i hope you will bear with me, hear what i have to say.
a little over a year ago, 2 american astronomers, marcus wolfand leo biederman, working on a mountain top in arizona...
now... we get hit all the time by rocks and meteors, some of them the size of cars, some no bigger than your hand.
but the comet we discovered is the size of new york city.
they're what's left over from the creation of the solar system after the planets were formed billions of years ago.
these chunks of space debris are in an elongated orbit around our sun, but every now and then one of them gets bumped like a billiard ball on a pool table and is knocked into a different orbit.
if this comet continues on its path around the sun and keeps its present course, sometime on august 16, roughly a year from now, there's a chance that we might have impact.
so for the past 8 months, the united states and russia have been building the largest spaceship ever constructed.
right now a team of american astronauts and one russian are at cape canaveral in florida.
in 2 months, they will leave on the shuttle atlantis to board the messiah.
upon first entering earth's atmosphere, proceed immediately up the exterior of the mother ship.
when the sun hits the surface, there's gonna be explosive outgassings that are very dangerous--
all i'm saying is, the moon did not have a rotational cycle of 14 hours.
i mean, we only have 7 hours ofdark when the sun's not up to land on this thing.
i woke up this morning, and i realized... none of you want me here.
you don't even really know who i am, which is ok.
when the crew enters the messiah, they will find a payload of 8 nuclear devices that will eventually be used to blow up the comet.
the messiah itself will be powered by an experimental nuclear propulsion system that was originally created for a very different purpose.
the interception of wolf-biederman and the setting of the nuclear devices that will deflect it off its collision course with earth.
but first, captain spurgeon tanner will have to guide the spacecraft through the blizzard of rocks, sand, and ice that make up the comet's tail, or coma.
...are images from cameras mounted inside the cargo bay of the messiah.
now, these images are delayed by approximately 20 seconds, due to the distance they must travel.
the sun striking the comet will cause the temperature to rise 350 degrees in just a few minutes and activate the high-speed gasjets.
well, if that happens, it will be like trying to work in a minefield.
gus partenza, a native of harrisburg, pennsylvania, and graduate of carnegie-mellon university, joined the nasa space programme shortly after completing his medical training at duke university.
dr partenza was selected specifically for this mission, not only for his medical expertise, but also for his dedication to the advancement of space technology.
the messiah's exterior-mounted camera will show us the detonation, but not before being temporarily blocked out by the nuclear blast.
once again, let me remind you, there is a 20-second delay, so when the picture comes back to us, the comet should already have been knocked off its present course.
if we can deflect these comets enough, they will bounce harmlessly off our atmosphere and head on out into space.
unfortunately, the titans cannot be launched until the comets are only a few hours away.
and while we are confident the missile attack will succeed, it is only prudent that we now take cautionary steps to ensure the continuation of our way of life, to guarantee that there will be enough of us left
to rebuild a new world in the unlikely event that the comets do strike the earth.
on august 10th, a computer will randomly select 800,000 americans to join the 200,000 scientists, doctors, engineers, teachers, soldiers, and artists, who have already been chosen.
other countries are preparing similar caves along whatever lines they feel are best to preserve their way of life.
"those of you who have been preselected will be notified within the next few minutes.
for the rest, on the night of august 10th, those whose social security numbers have been randomly selected by computer will be notified.
civil defence teams have been formed in every town with a population over 5,000.
they will distribute supplies and organize group shelters in underground parking facilities and other appropriate sites.
i've given them my beautiful 18th-century desk from new england and all the sheraton silver.
i really feel like i'd protected something when i gave them.
the fires have been left to burn since many firefighters have been called to help prepare shelters.
throughout latin america's major cities, business districts have been abandoned to looting gangs...
for now we see in a mirror dimly, but then face to face.
now i know in part, then i shall understand fully, even as i have been fully understood.
you children didn't bring any real books to read, did you know that?
i brought mobydick and huckleberry finn and baker and simon had never read them.
several years ago, never mind how long precisely, having little or no money in my purse grim about the mouth...
whenever it is a damp, drizzly november in my soul, whenever i find myself knocking people's hats off, then i account it high time to get to sea as soon as i can."
we have now been able to calculate the comets' final trajectories, and we have determined where they're going to strike.
the smaller of the 2 comets, biederman, will hit first, somewhere along the atlantic seaboard probably in the waters off the coast of cape hatteras in just under 12 hours at 4:35 p.m. eastern daylight time.
there will be a very large tidal wave moving quickly through the atlantic ocean.
it will be 100 feet high, travelling at 1,100 miles an hour.
where the land is flat, the wave will wash inland 600 to 700 miles.
the wave will hit our nation's capital 40 minutes after impact.
the impact of the larger comet will be nothing less than an extinction-level event.
it will strike land in western canada 3 hours after biederman.
now, the outgassing has created a vent a half mile wide and at least 2 miles deep.
comet gets closer to the sun, sun melts the ice, ice turns to steam, we get a big hole, ok?
if we can get the remaining bombs in that vent, there shouldn't be anything left bigger than a suitcase.
we can't do anything about the little one, but it just might give them a chance.
without the arming codes, we're going to have to wait to set the bomb timers until we get closer to earth to raise houston.
we may not have enough life support left to get back into the cargo bay for the nukes, much less to go down to the comet.
we sure as hell don't have enough propellant left in the messiah to manoeuvre with.
how are we supposed to get back off the surface once we've gotten down there?
messiah, we got some people here that want to talk to you.
wendy, honey... you promise me you'll keep doing your church thing, and i'll be there right next to you, haunting you.
tragedy struck today as a charter aircraft carrying an army unit returning from duty in japan crashed this morning...
white house press office says secretary of the treasury rittenhouse is resigning because his wife is sick.
mrs rittenhouse started drinking a couple of years ago when her husband had a series of affairs.
stepped it up last summer after their son died of leukaemia.
so i threw him a breakfast and hit him up about rittenhouse.
bob campbell's leaving, so midnight saturday anchor shift is opening up.
5 on air doing domestic features, another 2 in some cholera-ridden hellhole.
and then i'll quit if they don't give you a weekend anchor shot.
and she says yes, and he says yes, and it's kissy, kissy, kissy, and congratulations.
jenny, you now have a new stepmother who is 2 years older than you.
ms lerner was just expressing her lack of enthusiasm for matters of national security where journalistic competitiveness is at stake.
mr president, i'm not interested in using ellie to further my career.
and i can't appeal to your sense of what's in the nation's best interest?
i always thought the truth was in the nation's best interest.
morton, if she knows, how long can it be before cnn or the "post" breaks the story?
this was never gonna be a secret as long as you wanted it to be.
it's a bit complicated, so it will take some time, so i hope you will bear with me, hear what i have to say.
a little over a year ago, 2 american astronomers, marcus wolf and leo biederman, working on a mountain top in arizona...
now... we get hit all the time by rocks and meteors, some of them the size of cars, some no bigger than your hand.
but the comet we discovered is the size of new york city.
these chunks of space debris are in an elongated orbit around our sun, but every now and then one of them gets bumped like a billiard ball on a pool table and is knocked into a different orbit.
if this comet continues on its path around the sun and keeps its present course, sometime on august 16, roughly a year from now, there's a chance that we might have impact.
does anyone know how big the one was that killed all the dinosaurs?
something majestic, mysterious, with a fanfare for the intro and a theme for the longer promos.
msnbc has learned that secretary rittenhouse did not leave for the reasons announced by your administration.
in fact, isn't it true, sir, that not everyone in your administration is convinced that the "messiah" will save us?
your mother and i used to play a game when she was still alive.
now, the game was, if there was a chance i might not be coming back, she wouldn't say it, and i wouldn't say it.
i woke up this morning, and i realized... none of you want me here.
you don't even really know who i am, which is ok.
atlantis' 4 on-board computers now have primary control of all the vehicle's critical functions.
ok, all flight controllers, we're at t-minus 30 seconds and counting.
when the crew enters the "messiah", they will find a payload of 8 nuclear devices that will eventually be used to blow up the comet.
the "messiah" itself will be powered by an experimental nuclear propulsion system that was originally created for a very different purpose.
sometime in the next hour, the "messiah" mission will enter its most critical phase:
the interception of wolf-biederman and the setting of the nuclear devices that will deflect it off its collision course with earth.
but first, captain spurgeon tanner will have to guide the spacecraft through the blizzard of rocks, sand, and ice that make up the comet's tail, or coma.
the crew will have to complete its work before the sun rises.
now, these images are delayed by approximately 20 seconds, due to the distance they must travel.
ok, you can see that the image is breaking up a bit.
what happens if they do not get off the comet's surface in time?
the sun striking the comet will cause the temperature to rise 350 degrees in just a few minutes and activate the high-speed gas jets.
the "messiah" has successfully docked with the orion-powered boosters and is now prepared to detonate the bombs planted on wolf-biederman.
the "messiah's" exterior-mounted camera will show us the detonation, but not before being temporarily blocked out by the nuclear blast.
first, our strategic missile command is preparing to coordinate with the russians a massive strike of titan missiles to intercept the comets.
if we can deflect these comets enough, they will bounce harmlessly off our atmosphere and head on out into space.
unfortunately, the titans cannot be launched until the comets are only a few hours away.
and while we are confident the missile attack will succeed, it is only prudent that we now take cautionary steps to ensure the continuation of our way of life, to guarantee that there will be enough of us left
to rebuild a new world in the unlikely event that the comets do strike the earth.
so, in the soft limestone of missouri, we've been preparing a network of immense caves, and they're almost finished.
we're storing seeds and seedlings, plants, animals, enough to start over.
on august 10th, a computer will randomly select 800,000 americans to join the 200,000 scientists, doctors, engineers, teachers, soldiers, and artists, who have already been chosen.
crimes against persons or property will be dealt with swiftly and harshly.
news stations around the nation are being faxed copies of the lottery procedure as we speak, and they'll be broadcasting the details to you in a few moments.
"those of you who have been preselected will be notified within the next few minutes."
"for the rest, on the night of august 10th, those whose social security numbers have been randomly selected by computer will be notified."
"those selected will be taken by bus and train to the underground ark site by military personnel."
"civil defence teams have been formed in every town with a population over 5,000."
system check was ok, but i don't know about the radiation shielding.
so, if we fire it up, we beat the comet back to earth, but we may end up glowing in the dark.
what are you gonna do with all that extra money you save?
do you know the national gallery is saving all of the art?
the fires have been left to burn since many firefighters have been called to help prepare shelters.
throughout latin america's major cities, business districts have been abandoned to looting gangs...
now i know in part, then i shall understand fully, even as i have been fully understood.
do you, leo, take sarah to be your wife... to have and to hold from this day forward... for better, for worse... for richer, for poorer... to love and to cherish?
if you have been designated as a civilian section officer, report to section red 116 upon entering.
once again, if you have been designated as a civilian section officer, report to section red 116 upon entering.
we have now been able to calculate the comets' final trajectories, and we have determined where they're going to strike.
the smaller of the 2 comets, biederman, will hit first, somewhere along the atlantic seaboard probably in the waters off the coast of cape hatteras in just under 12 hours at 4:35 p.m. eastern daylight time.
there will be a very large tidal wave moving quickly through the atlantic ocean.
it will be 100 feet high, travelling at 1,100 miles an hour.
where the land is flat, the wave will wash inland 600 to 700 miles.
the wave will hit our nation's capital 40 minutes after impact.
the impact of the larger comet will be nothing less than an extinction-level event.
it will strike land in western canada 3 hours after biederman.
comet gets closer to the sun, sun melts the ice, ice turns to steam, we get a big hole, ok?
so, how many nukes do we have left in the back?
we can't do anything about the little one, but it just might give them a chance.
without the arming codes, we're going to have to wait to set the bomb timers until we get closer to earth to raise houston.
we may not have enough life support left to get back into the cargo bay for the nukes, much less to go down to the comet.
we sure as hell don't have enough propellant left in the "messiah" to manoeuvre with.
i thought if the wave comes, we should be here because she likes it here.
and we're on the 15th floor, so maybe we'll be ok.
"messiah", we got some people here that want to talk to you.
wendy, honey... you promise me you'll keep doing your church thing, and i'll be there right next to you, haunting you.
afl/cio wanted him offthe council of economic advisors for not supporting the pension bill, and the president's going to need labour next fall.
and state's still fuming about the trade office screw-up at the g-8.
stepped it up last summer after their son died of leukaemia.
you want to do something on the price that wives pay?
bob campbell's leaving, so midnight saturday anchor shift is opening up.
why would i want to give up the white house for a graveyard weekend--
and she says yes, and he says yes, and it's kissy, kissy, kissy, and congratulations.
jenny, you now have a new stepmother who is 2 years older than you.
you'll get second row, centre, at the white house press conference.
now, from what i know of your career, that's a promotion.
and i'm trusting you because i know what this can do for your career.
it might seem that we have each other over the same barrel, ms lerner, but it just seems that way.
a few minutes ago the united states ambassadors to every country in the world told the leaders of those nations what i am about to tell you.
it's a bit complicated, so it will take some time, so i hope you will bear with me, hear what i have to say.
there was a remote possibility that the comet was on a path that could bring it into direct contact with the earth.
now... we get hit all the time by rocks and meteors, some of them the size of cars, some no bigger than your hand.
these chunks of space debris are in an elongated orbit around our sun, but every now and then one of them gets bumped like a billiard ball on a pool table and is knocked into a different orbit.
if this comet continues on its path around the sun and keeps its present course, sometime on august 16, roughly a year from now, there's a chance that we might have impact.
you were the last man to walk on the moon, weren't you?
yes, sir, but oren here will be doing most of the flying on this one.
does anyone know how big the one was that killed all the dinosaurs?
something majestic, mysterious, with a fanfare for the intro and a theme for the longer promos.
msnbc has learned that secretary rittenhouse did not leave for the reasons announced by your administration.
in fact, isn't it true, sir, that not everyone in your administration is convinced that the messiah will save us?
your mother and i used to play a game when she was still alive.
now, the game was, if there was a chance i might not be coming back, she wouldn't say it, and i wouldn't say it.
you don't even really know who i am, which is ok.
i walked on the moon, but i didn't belong to you.
propelled by 500,000 pounds of liquid fuel, the shuttle crew heads toward their initial destination.
when the crew enters the messiah, they will find a payload of 8 nuclear devices that will eventually be used to blow up the comet.
sometime in the next hour, the messiah mission will enter its most critical phase:
the interception of wolf-biederman and the setting of the nuclear devices that will deflect it off its collision course with earth.
but first, captain spurgeon tanner will have to guide the spacecraft through the blizzard of rocks, sand, and ice that make up the comet's tail, or coma.
the crew will have to complete its work before the sun rises.
on the mississippi river in mark twain's time, there were riverboat pilots who only knew a few miles of the river.
i mean, conditions changed so much, you couldn't know the whole trip.
now, these images are delayed by approximately 20 seconds, due to the distance they must travel.
ok, you can see that the image is breaking up a bit.
what happens if they do not get off the comet's surface in time?
the sun striking the comet will cause the temperature to rise 350 degrees in just a few minutes and activate the high-speed gasjets.
the messiah has successfully docked with the orion-powered boosters and is now prepared to detonate the bombs planted on wolf-biederman.
the messiah's exterior-mounted camera will show us the detonation, but not before being temporarily blocked out by the nuclear blast.
this computer-enhanced radar image from houston shows how the detonation succeeded, however, did not destroy the comet.
there are now 2 pieces-- one 6 miles wide, the other, a mile and a half.
if we can deflect these comets enough, they will bounce harmlessly off our atmosphere and head on out into space.
unfortunately, the titans cannot be launched until the comets are only a few hours away.
and while we are confident the missile attack will succeed, it is only prudent that we now take cautionary steps to ensure the continuation of our way of life, to guarantee that there will be enough of us left
to rebuild a new world in the unlikely event that the comets do strike the earth.
on august 10th, a computer will randomly select 800,000 americans to join the 200,000 scientists, doctors, engineers, teachers, soldiers, and artists, who have already been chosen.
other countries are preparing similar caves along whatever lines they feel are best to preserve their way of life.
"those of you who have been preselected will be notified within the next few minutes.
for the rest, on the night of august 10th, those whose social security numbers have been randomly selected by computer will be notified.
civil defence teams have been formed in every town with a population over 5,000.
they will distribute supplies and organize group shelters in underground parking facilities and other appropriate sites.
i've given them my beautiful 18th-century desk from new england and all the sheraton silver.
i really feel like i'd protected something when i gave them.
the fires have been left to burn since many firefighters have been called to help prepare shelters.
throughout latin america's major cities, business districts have been abandoned to looting gangs...
for now we see in a mirror dimly, but then face to face.
now i know in part, then i shall understand fully, even as i have been fully understood.
you children didn't bring any real books to read, did you know that?
i brought mobydick and huckleberry finn and baker and simon had never read them.
several years ago, never mind how long precisely, having little or no money in my purse grim about the mouth...
whenever it is a damp, drizzly november in my soul, whenever i find myself knocking people's hats off, then i account it high time to get to sea as soon as i can."
we have now been able to calculate the comets' final trajectories, and we have determined where they're going to strike.
the smaller of the 2 comets, biederman, will hit first, somewhere along the atlantic seaboard probably in the waters off the coast of cape hatteras in just under 12 hours at 4:35 p.m. eastern daylight time.
there will be a very large tidal wave moving quickly through the atlantic ocean.
it will be 100 feet high, travelling at 1,100 miles an hour.
where the land is flat, the wave will wash inland 600 to 700 miles.
the wave will hit our nation's capital 40 minutes after impact.
the impact of the larger comet will be nothing less than an extinction-level event.
it will strike land in western canada 3 hours after biederman.
now, the outgassing has created a vent a half mile wide and at least 2 miles deep.
comet gets closer to the sun, sun melts the ice, ice turns to steam, we get a big hole, ok?
if we can get the remaining bombs in that vent, there shouldn't be anything left bigger than a suitcase.
we can't do anything about the little one, but it just might give them a chance.
without the arming codes, we're going to have to wait to set the bomb timers until we get closer to earth to raise houston.
we may not have enough life support left to get back into the cargo bay for the nukes, much less to go down to the comet.
we sure as hell don't have enough propellant left in the messiah to manoeuvre with.
how are we supposed to get back off the surface once we've gotten down there?
messiah, we got some people here that want to talk to you.
wendy, honey... you promise me you'll keep doing your church thing, and i'll be there right next to you, haunting you.
those selected will be taken by bus and train to the underground ark site by military personnel.
civil defence teams have been formed in every town with a population over 5,000.
system check was ok, but i don't know about the radiation shielding.
so, if we fire it up, we beat the comet back to earth, but we may end up glowing in the dark.
what are you gonna do with all that extra money you save?
do you know the national gallery is saving all of the art?
across the country, looters continue to set fire to abandoned stores.
the fires have been left to burn since many firefighters have been called to help prepare shelters.
now i know in part, then i shall understand fully, even as i have been fully understood.
do you, leo, take sarah to be your wife... to have and to hold from this day forward... for better, for worse... for richer, for poorer... to love and to cherish?
i brought mobydick and huckleberry finn and baker and simon had never read them.
now, i'm afraid to ask you, have you ever read melville or twain?
if you have been designated as a civilian section officer, report to section red 116 upon entering.
once again, if you have been designated as a civilian section officer, report to section red 116 upon entering.
we have now confirmed the launch of all the titan missiles from their positions in north dakota and wyoming.
the comets are now approximately 14 hours outside of earth's atmosphere, and we are told it should take these missiles less than 20 minutes to reach their target.
if the world does go on... it will not go on for everyone.
we have now been able to calculate the comets' final trajectories, and we have determined where they're going to strike.
as it reaches shallow water, it's going to slow down, but the wave height, depending on the depth of the shelf off the coast, will be anywhere from 1,000 to 3,500 feet high.
where the land is flat, the wave will wash inland 600 to 700 miles.
if you have any means of getting away from the path of this wave, leave now.
the impact of the larger comet will be nothing less than an extinction-level event.
it will strike land in western canada 3 hours after biederman.
within a week, the skies will be dark with dust from the impact and they will stay dark for 2 years.
comet gets closer to the sun, sun melts the ice, ice turns to steam, we get a big hole, ok?
so, how many nukes do we have left in the back?
we can't do anything about the little one, but it just might give them a chance.
without the arming codes, we're going to have to wait to set the bomb timers until we get closer to earth to raise houston.
we may not have enough life support left to get back into the cargo bay for the nukes, much less to go down to the comet.
we sure as hell don't have enough propellant left in the messiah to manoeuvre with.
i thought if the wave comes, we should be here because she likes it here.
and we're on the 15th floor, so maybe we'll be ok.
afl/ cio wanted him off the council of economic advisors for not supporting the pension bill, and the president's going to need labour next fall.
and state's still fuming about the trade offce screw-up at the g-8.
stepped it up last summer after their son died of leukaemia.
you want to do something on the price that wives pay?
bob campbell's leaving, so midnight saturday anchor shift is opening up.
why would i want to give up the white house for a graveyard weekend...
jason says, "lie, lie, lie, till death do us part, blah, blah, blah,"
and she says yes, and he says yes, and it's kissy, kissy, kissy, and congratulations.
you'll get second row, centre, at the white house press conference.
now, from what i know of your career, that's a promotion.
and i'm trusting you because i know what this can do for your career.
it might seem that we have each other over the same barrel, ms lerner, but it just seems that way.
a few minutes ago the united states ambassadors to every country in the world told the leaders of those nations what i am about to tell you.
it's a bit complicated, so it will take some time, so i hope you will bear with me, hear what i have to say.
now... we get hit all the time by rocks and meteors, some of them the size of cars, some no bigger than your hand.
but the comet we discovered is the size of new york city.
they're what's left over from the creation of the solar system after the planets were formed billions of years ago.
these chunks of space debris are in an elongated orbit around our sun, but every now and then one of them gets bumped like a billiard ball on a pool table and is knocked into a different orbit.
if this comet continues on its path around the sun and keeps its present course, sometime on august 16, roughly a year from now, there's a chance that we might have impact.
so for the past 8 months, the united states and russia have been building the largest spaceship ever constructed.
right now a team of american astronauts and one russian are at cape canaveral in florida.
in 2 months, they will leave on the shuttle at/antis to board the messiah.
msnbc has learned that secretary rittenhouse did not leave for the reasons announced by your administration.
in fact, isn't it true, sir, that not everyone in your administration is convinced that the messiah will save us?
you don't even really know who i am, which is ok.
i walked on the moon, but i didn't belong to you.
when the crew enters the messiah, they will fnd a payload of 8 nuclear devices that will eventually be used to blow up the comet.
the messiah itself will be powered by an experimental nuclear propulsion system that was originally created for a very different purpose.
sometime in the next hour, the messiah mission will enter its most critical phase:
the interception of wolf-biederman and the setting of the nuclear devices that will deflect it off its collision course with earth.
but frst, captain spurgeon tanner will have to guide the spacecraft through the blizzard of rocks, sand, and ice that make up the comet's tail, or coma.
the crew will have to complete its work before the sun rises.
on the mississippi river in mark twain's time, there were riverboat pilots who only knew a few miles of the river.
i mean, conditions changed so much, you couldn't know the whole trip.
now, these images are delayed by approximately 20 seconds, due to the distance they must travel.
ok, you can see that the image is breaking up a bit.
the sun striking the comet will cause the temperature to rise 350 degrees in just a few minutes and activate the high-speed gas jets.
well, if that happens, it will be like trying to work in a minefeld.
gus partenza, a native of harrisburg, pennsylvania, and graduate of carnegie-mellon university, joined the nasa space programme shortly after completing his medical training at duke university.
dr partenza was selected specifcally for this mission, not only for his medical expertise, but also for his dedication to the advancement of space technology.
the messiah's exterior-mounted camera will show us the detonation, but not before being temporarily blocked out by the nuclear blast.
once again, let me remind you, there is a 20-second delay, so when the picture comes back to us, the comet should already have been knocked off its present course.
it is my unhappy duty to report to you that the messiah has failed.
this computer-enhanced radar image from houston shows how the detonation succeeded, however, did not destroy the comet.
if we can deflect these comets enough, they will bounce harmlessly off our atmosphere and head on out into space.
unfortunately, the titans cannot be launched until the comets are only a few hours away.
and while we are confdent the missile attack will succeed, it is only prudent that we now take cautionary steps to ensure the continuation of our way of life, to guarantee that there will be enough of us left
to rebuild a new world in the unlikely event that the comets do strike the earth.
on august 10th, a computer will randomly select 800,000 americans to join the 200,000 scientists, doctors, engineers, teachers, soldiers, and artists, who have already been chosen.
other countries are preparing similar caves along whatever lines they feel are best to preserve their way of life.
"those of you who have been preselected will be notifed within the next few minutes.
for the rest, on the night of august 10th, those whose social security numbers have been randomly selected by computer will be notifed.
those selected will be taken by bus and train to the underground ark site by military personnel.
civil defence teams have been formed in every town with a population over 5,000.
system check was ok, but i don't know about the radiation shielding.
so, if we fre it up, we beat the comet back to earth, but we may end up glowing in the dark.
what are you gonna do with all that extra money you save?
do you know the national gallery is saving all of the art?
now i know in part, then i shall understand fully, even as i have been fully understood.
do you, leo, take sarah to be your wife... to have and to hold from this day forward... for better, for worse... for richer, for poorer... to love and to cherish?
you children didn't bring any real books to read, did you know that?
i brought moby dick and huck/eberry finn and baker and simon had never read them.
if you have been designated as a civilian section offcer, report to section red 116 upon entering.
once again, if you have been designated as a civilian section offcer, report to section red 116 upon entering.
we have now been able to calculate the comets' fnal trajectories, and we have determined where they're going to strike.
the smaller of the 2 comets, biederman, will hit frst, somewhere along the atlantic seaboard probably in the waters off the coast of cape hatteras in just under 12 hours at 4:35 p.m. eastern daylight time.
there will be a very large tidal wave moving quickly through the atlantic ocean.
it will be 100 feet high, travelling at 1,100 miles an hour.
where the land is flat, the wave will wash inland 600 to 700 miles.
the wave will hit our nation's capital 40 minutes after impact.
the impact of the larger comet will be nothing less than an extinction-level event.
it will strike land in western canada 3 hours after biederman.
now, the outgassing has created a vent a half mile wide and at least 2 miles deep.
comet gets closer to the sun, sun melts the ice, ice turns to steam, we get a big hole, ok?
if we can get the remaining bombs in that vent, there shouldn't be anything left bigger than a suitcase.
we can't do anything about the little one, but it just might give them a chance.
without the arming codes, we're going to have to wait to set the bomb timers until we get closer to earth to raise houston.
we may not have enough life support left to get back into the cargo bay for the nukes, much less to go down to the comet.
we sure as hell don't have enough propellant left in the messiah to manoeuvre with.
how are we supposed to get back off the surface once we've gotten down there?
i thought if the wave comes, we should be here because she likes it here.
and we're on the 15th floor, so maybe we'll be ok.
messiah, we got some people here that want to talk to you.
wendy, honey... you promise me you'll keep doing your church thing, and i'll be there right next to you, haunting you.
mrs. rittenhouse started drinking a couple of years ago when her husband had a series of affairs.
stepped it up last summer after their son died of leukemia.
i'm letting you go because i don't want another headache, and i'm trusting you because i know what this can do for your career.
it might seem that we have each other over the same barrel, ms. lerner, but it just seems that way.
now, we get hit all the time by rocks and meteors.
some of them the size of cars, some no bigger than your hand.
now, these chunks of space debris are in an elongated orbit around our sun.
but every now and then, one of them gets bumped, sort of like a billiard ball on a pool table, and is knocked into a different orbit.
now, if this comet continues on its path around the sun and keeps its present course, sometime on august 16, roughly a year from now, there's a chance that we might have impact.
so for the past eight months, the united states and russia have been building the largest spaceship ever constructed.
it's being built in orbit around the earth, and we call it the messiah.
and right now, a team of american astronauts and one russian are at cape canaveral in florida.
as far as we know, what happened was that dr. wolf saw the comet in my photograph, so he shared the discovery with me.
and then he was killed in that crash and everything got mixed up in washington, so the president thought i was dead, too.
i woke up this morning and i realized none of you want me here.
you don't even really know who i am, which is okay.
propelled by 500,000 pounds of liquid fuel, the shuttle crew heads toward their initial destination.
when the crew enters the messiah, they will find a payload of eight nuclear devices that will eventually be used to blow up the comet.
now, with the help of russian engineers, a technology designed to propel weapons of mass destruction will power the ship that will intercept the greatest threat our planet has ever faced.
orion burn in ten, nine, eight, seven, six, five, four, three, two, one, zero.
sometime in the next hour, the messiah mission will enter its most critical phase.
the interception of wolf-biederman and the setting of the nuclear devices that will deflect it off its collision course with earth.
but first, captain spurgeon tanner will have to guide the spacecraft through the blizzard of rocks, sand and ice that make up the comet's tail, or coma.
the crew will have to complete its work before the sun rises.
now, these images are delayed by approximately 20 seconds, due to the distance they must travel.
okay, you can see that the image is breaking up a bit.
what happens if they do not get off the comet's surface in time?
the sun striking the comet will cause the temperature to rise 350 degrees in just a few minutes, and activate the high-speed gas jets.
the messiah has safely lifted off the comet, but, sadly, gus partenza has been lost.
gus partenza, a native of harrisburg, pennsylvania, and graduate of carnegie mellon university, joined the nasa space program shortly after completing his medical training at duke university.
the messiah has successfully docked with the orion-powered boosters and is now prepared to detonate the bombs planted on wolf-biederman.
the messiah's exterior-mounted camera will show us the detonation but not before being temporarily blocked out by the nuclear blast.
this computer-enhanced radar image from houston shows how the detonation succeeded, however, did not destroy the comet.
there are now two pieces, one 6 miles wide, the other a mile and a half.
first, our strategic missile command is preparing to coordinate with the russians a massive strike of titan missiles to intercept the comets.
if we can deflect these comets enough, they will bounce harmlessly off our atmosphere and head on out into space.
unfortunately, the titans cannot be launched until the comets are only a few hours away.
and while we are confident the missile attack will succeed, it is only prudent that we now take cautionary steps to ensure the continuation of our way of life, to guarantee that there will be enough of us left
to rebuild a new world in the unlikely event that the comets do strike the earth.
so in the soft limestone of missouri, we've been preparing a network of immense caves.
crimes against persons or property will be dealt with swiftly and harshly.
news stations around the nation are being faxed copies of the lottery procedure as we speak, and they'll be broadcasting the details to you in a few moments.
for the rest, on the night of august 10th, those whose social security numbers have been randomly selected by computer will be notified.
while some americans over 50 years of age have been preselected for the ark due to their expertise in a necessary field of study, no men and women over 50 in the general population will be included in the lottery.
those selected will be taken by bus and train to the underground ark site by military personnel.
civil defense teams have been formed in every town with a population over 5,000.
we could go in with the evas, but there's not much left in the life-support packs.
we should be able to raise houston on the low band once we get closer.
i've given them my beautiful 18th-century desk from new england and all the sheraton silver.
i really feel like i'd protected something when i gave them.
fires have been left to burn, since many firefighters have been called to help prepare shelters.
throughout latin america's major cities, business districts have been abandoned to looting gangs.
you children didn't bring any real books to read, did you know that?
i brought moby dick and huckleberry finn, and baker and simon had never read them.
remember that. it's where you'll be calling home the next two years.
so gather your things and follow me to the orientation gallery.
if you have been designated as a civilian section officer, report to section red 116 upon entering.
once again, if you have been designated as a civilian section officer, report to section red 116 upon entering.
we have now confirmed the launch of all the titan missiles from their positions in north dakota and wyoming.
the comets are now approximately 14 hours outside of earth's atmosphere, and we are told it should take these missiles less than 20 minutes to reach their target.
if the world does go on, it will not go on for everyone.
we have now been able to calculate the comets' final trajectories, and we have determined where they're going to strike.
the smaller of the two comets, biederman, will hit first somewhere along the atlantic seaboard, probably in the waters off the coast of cape hatteras, in just under 12 hours, at 4:35 p.m. eastern daylight time.
the impact of the comet is going to be, well, disastrous.
there will be a very large tidal wave moving quickly through the atlantic ocean.
it'll be 100 feet high, traveling at 1,100 miles an hour.
where the land is flat, the wave will wash inland 600 to 700 miles.
the wave will hit our nation's capital 40 minutes after impact.
the impact of the larger comet will be nothing less than an extinction-level event.
it will strike land in western canada three hours after biederman.
okay. if we can get the remaining bombs in that vent, there shouldn't be anything left of that comet bigger than a suitcase.
now, we can't do anything about the little one, but, you know, it just might give them a chance.
now, without the arming codes, we're gonna have to wait to set the bomb timers until we get closer to earth to raise houston.
we may not have enough life support left to get back into the cargo bay for the nukes, much less to work down on the comet.
and we sure as hell don't have enough propellant left in the messiah to maneuver with.
how are we supposed to get back off the surface once we've...
we honor them with every brick we lay, with every field we sow,
with every child we comfort and then teach to rejoice in what we have been re-given.
afl-cio wanted him off the council of economic advisers for not supporting the pension bill, and the president's going to need labor next fall.
and state's still fuming about the trade office screw-up at the g8.
i'm expected back at msnbc at 6:00, and i think i should be there.
people knew about the manhattan project, you know, and they kept it a secret.
morton, if she knows, how long can it be before cnn or the post breaks the story?
now, this was never gonna be a secret as long as you wanted it to be.
so i hope you will bear with me, hear what i have to say.
a little over a year ago, two american astronomers, marcus wolf and leo biederman, working on a mountaintop in arizona... (shushing) nobody say anything.
some of them the size of cars, some no bigger than your hand.
but the comet we discovered is the size of new york city, from the north side of central park to the battery.
now, these chunks of space debris are in an elongated orbit around our sun.
but every now and then, one of them gets bumped, sort of like a billiard ball on a pool table, and is knocked into a different orbit.
now, if this comet continues on its path around the sun and keeps its present course, sometime on august 16, roughly a year from now, there's a chance that we might have impact.
so for the past eight months, the united states and russia have been building the largest spaceship ever constructed.
it's being built in orbit around the earth, and we call it the messiah.
and right now, a team of american astronauts and one russian are at cape canaveral in florida.
msnbc has learned that secretary rittenhouse did not leave for the reasons announced by your administration.
in fact, isn't it true, sir, that not everyone in your administration is convinced that the messiah will save us?
upon first entering earth's atmosphere, proceed immediately up the exterior of the mother ship.
when the sun hits the surface, there's gonna be explosive out-gassings that are very dangerous...
your mother and i used to play a game when she was still alive.
now, the game was, if there was a chance i might not be coming back, she wouldn't say it and i wouldn't say it.
you don't even really know who i am, which is okay.
i walked on the moon, but i didn't belong to you.
when the crew enters the messiah, they will find a payload of eight nuclear devices that will eventually be used to blow up the comet.
the messiah itself will be powered by an experimental nuclear propulsion system that was originally created for a very different purpose.
sometime in the next hour, the messiah mission will enter its most critical phase.
the interception of wolf-biederman and the setting of the nuclear devices that will deflect it off its collision course with earth.
but first, captain spurgeon tanner will have to guide the spacecraft through the blizzard of rocks, sand and ice that make up the comet's tail, or coma.
the crew will have to complete its work before the sun rises.
now, these images are delayed by approximately 20 seconds, due to the distance they must travel.
okay, you can see that the image is breaking up a bit.
what happens if they do not get off the comet's surface in time?
the sun striking the comet will cause the temperature to rise 350 degrees in just a few minutes, and activate the high-speed gas jets.
the messiah has safely lifted off the comet, but, sadly, gus partenza has been lost.
gus partenza, a native of harrisburg, pennsylvania, and graduate of carnegie mellon university, joined the nasa space program shortly after completing his medical training at duke university.
the messiah has successfully docked with the orion-powered boosters and is now prepared to detonate the bombs planted on wolf-biederman.
the messiah's exterior-mounted camera will show us the detonation but not before being temporarily blocked out by the nuclear blast.
this computer-enhanced radar image from houston shows how the detonation succeeded, however, did not destroy the comet.
there are now two pieces, one 6 miles wide, the other a mile and a half.
if we can deflect these comets enough, they will bounce harmlessly off our atmosphere and head on out into space.
unfortunately, the titans cannot be launched until the comets are only a few hours away.
and while we are confident the missile attack will succeed, it is only prudent that we now take cautionary steps to ensure the continuation of our way of life, to guarantee that there will be enough of us left
to rebuild a new world in the unlikely event that the comets do strike the earth.
on august 10th, a computer will randomly select 800,000 americans to join the 200,000 scientists, doctors, engineers, teachers, soldiers and artists who have already been chosen.
other countries are preparing similar caves along whatever lines they feel are best to preserve their way of life.
i know a lot of you don't, but i still want to offer a prayer for our survival, mine included.
because i believe that god, whomever you hold that to be, hears all prayers,
for the rest, on the night of august 10th, those whose social security numbers have been randomly selected by computer will be notified.
while some americans over 50 years of age have been preselected for the ark due to their expertise in a necessary field of study, no men and women over 50 in the general population will be included in the lottery.
those selected will be taken by bus and train to the underground ark site by military personnel.
civil defense teams have been formed in every town with a population over 5,000.
we could go in with the evas, but there's not much left in the life-support packs.
we should be able to raise houston on the low band once we get closer.
i've given them my beautiful 18th-century desk from new england and all the sheraton silver.
i really feel like i'd protected something when i gave them.
fires have been left to burn, since many firefighters have been called to help prepare shelters.
throughout latin america's major cities, business districts have been abandoned to looting gangs.
i brought moby dick and huckleberry finn, and baker and simon had never read them.
now, i'm afraid to ask you, have you ever read melville or twain?
if you have been designated as a civilian section officer, report to section red 116 upon entering.
once again, if you have been designated as a civilian section officer, report to section red 116 upon entering.
we have now been able to calculate the comets' final trajectories, and we have determined where they're going to strike.
the smaller of the two comets, biederman, will hit first somewhere along the atlantic seaboard, probably in the waters off the coast of cape hatteras, in just under 12 hours, at 4:35 p. m.
there will be a very large tidal wave moving quickly through the atlantic ocean.
it'll be 100 feet high, traveling at 1,100 miles an hour.
if you have any means of getting away from the path of this wave, leave now.
the impact of the larger comet will be nothing less than an extinction-level event.
it will strike land in western canada three hours after biederman.
within a week, the skies will be dark with dust from the impact, and they will stay dark for two years.
now, the out-gassing has created a vent a half a mile wide and at least 2 miles deep.
comet gets closer to the sun, sun melts ice, ice turns to steam, we get a big hole.
if we can get the remaining bombs in that vent, there shouldn't be anything left of that comet bigger than a suitcase.
now, we can't do anything about the little one, but, you know, it just might give them a chance.
now, without the arming codes, we're gonna have to wait to set the bomb timers until we get closer to earth to raise houston.
we may not have enough life support left to get back into the cargo bay for the nukes, much less to work down on the comet.
and we sure as hell don't have enough propellant left in the messiah to maneuver with.
how are we supposed to get back off the surface once we've...
we honor them with every brick we lay, with every field we sow,
with every child we comfort and then teach to rejoice in what we have been re-given.
stepped it up last summer after their son died of leukemia.
you want to do something on the price that wives pay?
bob campbell's leaving, so midnight saturday anchor shift is opening up.
why would i want to give up the white house for a graveyard weekend--
ms lerner was just expressing her lack of enthusiasm for matters of national security where journalistic competitiveness is at stake.
mr president, i'm not interested in using ellie to further my career.
and i can't appeal to your sense of what's in the nation's best interest?
i always thought the truth was in the nation's best interest.
morton, if she knows, how long can it be before cnn or the post breaks the story?
this was never gonna be a secret as long as you wanted it to be.
it's a bit complicated, so it will take some time, so i hope you will bear with me, hear what i have to say.
a little over a year ago, 2 american astronomers, marcus wolfand leo biederman, working on a mountain top in arizona...
now... we get hit all the time by rocks and meteors, some of them the size of cars, some no bigger than your hand.
but the comet we discovered is the size of new york city.
they're what's left over from the creation of the solar system after the planets were formed billions of years ago.
these chunks of space debris are in an elongated orbit around our sun, but every now and then one of them gets bumped
like a billiard ball on a pool table and is knocked into a different orbit.
if this comet continues on its path around the sun and keeps its present course, sometime on august 1 6, roughly a year from now, there's a chance that we might have impact.
does anyone know how big the one was that killed all the dinosaurs?
something majestic, mysterious, with a fanfare for the intro and a theme for the longer promos.
upon first entering earth's atmosphere, proceed immediately up the exterior of the mother ship.
when the sun hits the surface, there's gonna be explosive out gassings that are very dangerous--
your mother and i used to play a game when she was still alive.
now, the game was, if there was a chance i might not be coming back, she wouldn't say it, and i wouldn't say it.
all i'm saying is, the moon did not have a rotational cycle of 14 hours.
i mean, we only have 7 hours of dark when the sun's not up to land on this thing.
i woke up this morning, and i realized... none of you want me here.
you don't even really know who i am, which is ok.
propelled by 500,000 pounds of liquid fuel, the shuttle crew heads toward their initial destination.
when the crew enters the messiah, they will find a payload of 8 nuclear devices that will eventually be used to blow up the comet.
the interception of wolf-biederman and the setting of the nuclear devices that will deflect it off its collision course with earth.
but first, captain spurgeon tanner will have to guide the spacecraft through the blizzard of rocks, sand, and ice that make up the comet's tail, or coma.
...are images from cameras mounted inside the cargo bay of the messiah.
now, these images are delayed by approximately 20 seconds, due to the distance they must travel.
what happens if they do not get off the comet's surface in time?
the sun striking the comet will cause the temperature to rise 350 degrees in just a few minutes and activate the high-speed gas jets.
gus partenza, a native of harrisburg, pennsylvania, and graduate of carnegie-mellon university, joined the nasa space program shortly after completing his medical training at duke university.
dr partenza was selected specifically for this mission, not only for his medical expertise, but also for his dedication to the advancement of space technology.
the messiah's exterior-mounted camera will show us the detonation, but not before being temporarily blocked out by the nuclear blast.
once again, let me remind you, there is a 20-second delay, so when the picture comes back to us, the comet should already have been knocked off its present course.
this computer-enhanced radar image from houston shows how the detonation succeeded, however, did not destroy the comet.
there are now 2 pieces-- one 6 miles wide, the other, a mile and a half.
if we can deflect these comets enough, they will bounce harmlessly off our atmosphere and head on out into space.
unfortunately, the titans cannot be launched until the comets are only a few hours away.
and while we are confident the missile attack will succeed, it is only prudent that we now take cautionary steps to ensure the continuation four way of life, to guarantee that there will be enough of us left to rebuild a new world
in the unlikely event that the comets do strike the earth.
on august 10th, a computer will randomly select 800,000 americans to join the 200,000 scientists, doctors, engineers, teachers, soldiers, and artists, who have already been chosen.
other countries are preparing similar caves along whatever lines they feel are best to preserve their way of life.
"those of you who have been preselected will be notified within the next few minutes.
for the rest, on the night of august 1 0th, those whose social security numbers have been randomly selected by computer will be notified.
civil defence teams have been formed in every town with a population over 5,000.
they will distribute supplies and organize group shelters in underground parking facilities and other appropriate sites.
system check was ok, but i don't know about the radiation shielding.
so, if we fire it up, we beat the comet back to earth, but we may end up glowing in the dark.
what are you gonna do with all that extra money you save?
do you know the national gallery is saving all of the art?
for now we see in a mirror dimly, but then face to face.
now i know in part, then i shall understand fully, even as i have been fully understood.
i brought moby dick and huckleberry finn and baker and simon had never read them.
now, i'm afraid to ask you, have you ever read melville or twain?
several years ago, never mind how long precisely, having little or no money in my purse... grim about the mouth...
whenever it is a damp, drizzly november in my soul, whenever i find myself knocking people's hats off, then,
if you have been designated as a civilian section officer, report to section red 116 upon entering.
once again, if you have been designated as a civilian section officer, report to section red 116 upon entering.
if the world does go on... it will not go on for everyone.
we have now been able to calculate the comets' final trajectories, and we have determined where they're going to strike.
as the wave reaches shallow water, it's going to slow down, but the wave height, depending on the depth of the shelf off the coast, will be anywhere from 1 ,000 to 3,500 feet high.
where the land is flat, the wave will wash inland 600 to 700 miles
the impact of the larger comet will be nothing less than an extinction-level event.
it will strike land in western canada 3 hours after biederman.
now, the outgassing has created a vent a half mile wide and at least 2 miles deep.
comet gets closer to the sun, sun melts the ice, ice turns to steam, we get a big hole, ok?
if we can get the remaining bombs in that vent, there shouldn't be anything left bigger than a suitcase.
we can't do anything about the little one, but it just might give them a chance.
without the arming codes, we're going to have to wait to set the bomb timers until we get closer to earth to raise houston.
we may not have enough life support left to get back into the cargo bay for the nukes, much less to go down to the comet.
we sure as hell don't have enough propellant left in the messiah to maneuver with.
how are we supposed to get back off the surface once we've gotten down there?
i thought if the wave comes, we should be here because she likes it here.
and we're on the 15th floor, so maybe we'll be ok.
messiah, we got some people here that want to talk to you.
wendy, honey... you promise me you'll keep doing your church thing, and i'll be there right next to you, haunting you.
this is relating to the recall of american troops from abroad.
tragedy struck today as a charter aircraft carrying an army unit returning from duty in japan crashed this morning...
afl/ cio wanted him off the council of economic advisors for not supporting the pension bill, and the president's going to need labour next fall.
and state's still fuming about the trade office screw-up at the g-8.
stepped it up last summer after their son died of leukaemia.
you want to do something on the price that wives pay?
bob campbell's leaving, so midnight saturday anchor shift is opening up.
why would i want to give up the white house for a graveyard weekend...
jason says, "lie, lie, lie, till death do us part, blah, blah, blah,"
and she says yes, and he says yes, and it's kissy, kissy, kissy, and congratulations.
you'll get second row, centre, at the white house press conference.
now, from what i know of your career, that's a promotion.
and i'm trusting you because i know what this can do for your career.
it might seem that we have each other over the same barrel, ms lerner, but it just seems that way.
a few minutes ago the united states ambassadors to every country in the world told the leaders of those nations what i am about to tell you.
it's a bit complicated, so it will take some time, so i hope you will bear with me, hear what i have to say.
there was a remote possibility that the comet was on a path that could bring it into direct contact with the earth.
now... we get hit all the time by rocks and meteors, some of them the size of cars, some no bigger than your hand.
they're what's left over from the creation of the solar system after the planets were formed billions of years ago.
these chunks of space debris are in an elongated orbit around our sun, but every now and then one of them gets bumped like a billiard ball on a pool table and is knocked into a different orbit.
if this comet continues on its path around the sun and keeps its present course, sometime on august 16, roughly a year from now, there's a chance that we might have impact.
so for the past 8 months, the united states and russia have been building the largest spaceship ever constructed.
you were the last man to walk on the moon, weren't you?
yes, sir, but oren here will be doing most of the flying on this one.
is there a connection between the comet and the recall of american troops from abroad?
our fighting men and women are coming home because we felt it prudent, in light of domestic security concerns, to have them available.
upon first entering earth's atmosphere, proceed immediately up the exterior of the mother ship.
when the sun hits the surface, there's gonna be explosive outgassings that are very dangerous...
all i'm saying is, the moon did not have a rotational cycle of 14 hours.
i mean, we only have 7 hours of dark when the sun's not up to land on this thing.
you don't even really know who i am, which is ok.
i walked on the moon, but i didn't belong to you.
propelled by 500,000 pounds of liquid fuel, the shuttle crew heads toward their initial destination.
when the crew enters the "messiah", they will find a payload of 8 nuclear devices that will eventually be used to blow up the comet.
the interception of wolf-biederman and the setting of the nuclear devices that will deflect it off its collision course with earth.
but first, captain spurgeon tanner will have to guide the spacecraft through the blizzard of rocks, sand, and ice that make up the comet's tail, or coma.
on the mississippi river in mark twain's time, there were riverboat pilots who only knew a few miles of the river.
i mean, conditions changed so much, you couldn't know the whole trip.
...are images from cameras mounted inside the cargo bay of the "messiah".
now, these images are delayed by approximately 20 seconds, due to the distance they must travel.
the sun striking the comet will cause the temperature to rise 350 degrees in just a few minutes and activate the high-speed gas jets.
well, if that happens, it will be like trying to work in a minefield.
gus partenza, a native of harrisburg, pennsylvania, and graduate of carnegie-mellon university, joined the nasa space programme shortly after completing his medical training at duke university.
dr partenza was selected specifically for this mission, not only for his medical expertise, but also for his dedication to the advancement of space technology.
the "messiah's" exterior-mounted camera will show us the detonation, but not before being temporarily blocked out by the nuclear blast.
once again, let me remind you, there is a 20-second delay, so when the picture comes back to us, the comet should already have been knocked off its present course.
it is my unhappy duty to report to you that the "messiah" has failed.
this computer-enhanced radar image from houston shows how the detonation succeeded, however, did not destroy the comet.
if we can deflect these comets enough, they will bounce harmlessly off our atmosphere and head on out into space.
unfortunately, the titans cannot be launched until the comets are only a few hours away.
and while we are confident the missile attack will succeed, it is only prudent that we now take cautionary steps to ensure the continuation of our way of life, to guarantee that there will be enough of us left
to rebuild a new world in the unlikely event that the comets do strike the earth.
on august 10th, a computer will randomly select 800,000 americans to join the 200,000 scientists, doctors, engineers, teachers, soldiers, and artists, who have already been chosen.
other countries are preparing similar caves along whatever lines they feel are best to preserve their way of life.
"civil defence teams have been formed in every town with a population over 5,000."
"they will distribute supplies and organize group shelters in underground parking facilities and other appropriate sites."
we could go in with the evas, but there's not much left in the life-support packs.
we should be able to raise houston on the low band once we get closer.
i've given them my beautiful 18th-century desk from new england and all the sheraton silver.
i really feel like i'd protected something when i gave them.
across the country, looters continue to set fire to abandoned stores.
the fires have been left to burn since many firefighters have been called to help prepare shelters.
for now we see in a mirror dimly, but then face to face.
now i know in part, then i shall understand fully, even as i have been fully understood.
"several years ago, never mind how long precisely, having little or no money in my purse grim about the mouth..."
"whenever it is a damp, drizzly november in my soul, whenever i find myself knocking people's hats off, then i account it high time to get to sea as soon as i can."
so gather your things and follow me to the orientation gallery.
if you have been designated as a civilian section officer, report to section red 116 upon entering.
we have now confirmed the launch of all the titan missiles from their positions in north dakota and wyoming.
the comets are now approximately 14 hours outside of earth's atmosphere, and we are told it should take these missiles less than 20 minutes to reach their target.
if the world does go on... it will not go on for everyone.
we have now been able to calculate the comets' final trajectories, and we have determined where they're going to strike.
as it reaches shallow water, it's going to slow down, but the wave height, depending on the depth of the shelf off the coast, will be anywhere from 1,000 to 3,500 feet high.
where the land is flat, the wave will wash inland 600 to 700 miles.
if you have any means of getting away from the path of this wave, leave now.
the impact of the larger comet will be nothing less than an extinction-level event.
it will strike land in western canada 3 hours after biederman.
within a week, the skies will be dark with dust from the impact and they will stay dark for 2 years.
now, the outgassing has created a vent a half mile wide and at least 2 miles deep.
comet gets closer to the sun, sun melts the ice, ice turns to steam, we get a big hole, ok?
if we can get the remaining bombs in that vent, there shouldn't be anything left bigger than a suitcase.
we can't do anything about the little one, but it just might give them a chance.
without the arming codes, we're going to have to wait to set the bomb timers until we get closer to earth to raise houston.
we may not have enough life support left to get back into the cargo bay for the nukes, much less to go down to the comet.
we sure as hell don't have enough propellant left in the "messiah" to manoeuvre with.
how are we supposed to get back off the surface once we've gotten down there?
i thought if the wave comes, we should be here because she likes it here.
and we're on the 15th floor, so maybe we'll be ok.
stepped it up last summer after their son died of leukaemia.
you want to do something on the price that wives pay?
bob campbell's leaving, so midnight saturday anchor shift is opening up.
why would i want to give up the white house for a graveyard weekend--
jason says, "lie, lie, lie, till death do us part, blah, blah, blah,"
and she says yes, and he says yes, and it's kissy, kissy, kissy, and congratulations.
ms lerner wasjust expressing her lack ofenthusiasm for matters of national security wherejournalistic competitiveness is at stake.
mr president, i'm not interested in using ellie to further my career.
and i can't appeal to your sense ofwhat's in the nation's best interest?
i always thought the truth was in the nation's best interest.
morton, ifshe knows, how long can it be before cnn or the post breaks the story?
this was never gonna be a secret as long as you wanted it to be.
it's a bit complicated, so it will take some time, so i hope you will bear with me, hear what i have to say.
a little over a year ago, 2 american astronomers, marcus wolfand leo biederman, working on a mountain top in arizona...
these chunks ofspace debris are in an elongated orbit around our sun, but every now and then one ofthem gets bumped
like a billiard ball on a pool table and is knocked into a different orbit.
ifthis comet continues on its path around the sun and keeps its present course, sometime on august 1 6, roughly a year from now, there's a chance that we might have impact.
so for the past 8 months, the united states and russia have been building the largest spaceship ever constructed.
right now a team ofamerican astronauts and one russian are at cape canaveral in florida.
in 2 months, they will leave on the shuttle atlantis to board the messiah.
msnbc has learned that secretary rittenhouse did not leave for the reasons announced by your administration.
in fact, isn't it true, sir, that not everyone in your administration is convinced that the messiah will save us?
you don't even really know who i am, which is ok.
i walked on the moon, but i didn't belong to you.
when the crew enters the messiah, they will fii nd a payload of 8 nuclear devices that will eventually be used to blow up the comet.
the messiah itself will be powered by an experimental nuclear propulsion system that was originally created for a very different purpose.
sometime in the next hour, the messiah mission will enter its most critical phase:
the interception ofwolf-biederman and the setting of the nuclear devices that will deflect it off its collision course with earth.
but fii rst, captain spurgeon tanner will have to guide the spacecraft through the blizzard of rocks, sand, and ice that make up the comet's tail, or coma.
the crew will have to complete its work before the sun rises.
on the mississippi river in mark twain's time, there were riverboat pilots who only knew a few miles ofthe river.
i mean, conditions changed so much, you couldn't know the whole trip.
now, these images are delayed by approximately 20 seconds, due to the distance they must travel.
ok, you can see that the image is breaking up a bit.
the sun striking the comet will cause the temperature to rise 350 degrees in just a few minutes and activate the high-speed gasjets.
well, ifthat happens, it will be like trying to work in a minefiield.
gus partenza, a native of harrisburg, pennsylvania, and graduate of carnegie-mellon university, joined the nasa space programme shortly after completing his medical training at duke university.
dr partenza was selected specifiically for this mission, not only for his medical expertise, but also for his dedication to the advancement ofspace technology.
the messiah's exterior-mounted camera will show us the detonation, but not before being temporarily blocked out by the nuclear blast.
once again, let me remind you, there is a 20-second delay, so when the picture comes back to us, the comet should already have been knocked off its present course.
it is my unhappy duty to report to you that the messiah has failed.
this computer-enhanced radar image from houston shows how the detonation succeeded, however, did not destroy the comet.
first, our strategic missile command is preparing to coordinate with the russians a massive strike oftitan missiles to intercept the comets.
ifwe can deflect these comets enough, they will bounce harmlessly off our atmosphere and head on out into space.
unfortunately, the titans cannot be launched until the comets are only a few hours away.
and while we are confiident the missile attack will succeed, it is only prudent that we now take cautionary steps to ensure the continuation ofour way of life, to guarantee that there will be enough of us left to rebuild a new world
in the unlikely event that the comets do strike the earth.
so, in the soft limestone of missouri, we've been preparing a network of immense caves, and they're almost fii nished.
we're storing seeds and seedlings, plants, animals, enough to start over.
on august 1 0th, a computer will randomly select 800,000 americans tojoin the 200,000 scientists, doctors, engineers, teachers, soldiers, and artists, who have already been chosen.
crimes against persons or property will be dealt with swiftly and harshly.
news stations around the nation are being faxed copies ofthe lottery procedure as we speak, and they'll be broadcasting the details to you in a few moments.
those selected will be taken by bus and train to the underground ark site by military personnel.
civil defence teams have been formed in every town with a population over 5,000.
i've given them my beautiful 1 8th-century desk from new england and all the sheraton silver.
i really feel like i'd protected something when i gave them.
now i know in part, then i shall understand fully, even as i have been fully understood.
do you, leo, take sarah to be your wife... to have and to hold from this day forward... for better, for worse... for richer, for poorer... to love and to cherish?
you children didn't bring any real books to read, did you know that?
i brought moby dick and huckleberry finn and baker and simon had never read them.
several years ago, never mind how long precisely, having little or no money in my purse grim about the mouth...
whenever it is a damp, drizzly november in my soul, whenever i fii nd myself knocking people's hats off, then i account it high time to get to sea as soon as i can."
we have now confii rmed the launch ofall the titan missiles from their positions in north dakota and wyoming.
the comets are now approximately 1 4 hours outside of earth's atmosphere, and we are told it should take these missiles
we have now been able to calculate the comets' fii nal trajectories, and we have determined where they're going to strike.
the smaller ofthe 2 comets, biederman, will hit fii rst, somewhere along the atlantic seaboard probably in the waters off the coast of cape hatteras in just under 1 2 hours at 4:35 p.m. eastern daylight time.
there will be a very large tidal wave moving quickly through the atlantic ocean.
it will be 1 00 feet high, travelling at 1 ,1 00 miles an hour.
where the land is flat, the wave will wash inland 600 to 700 miles.
the wave will hit our nation's capital 40 minutes after impact.
it will strike land in western canada 3 hours after biederman.
within a week, the skies will be dark with dust from the impact and they will stay dark for 2 years.
comet gets closer to the sun, sun melts the ice, ice turns to steam, we get a big hole, ok?
so, how many nukes do we have left in the back?
we can't do anything about the little one, but itjust might give them a chance.
without the arming codes, we're going to have to wait to set the bomb timers until we get closer to earth to raise houston.
we may not have enough life support left to get back into the cargo bay for the nukes, much less to go down to the comet.
we sure as hell don't have enough propellant left in the messiah to manoeuvre with.
messiah, we got some people here that want to talk to you.
wendy, honey... you promise me you'll keep doing your church thing, and i'll be there right next to you, haunting you.
mrs rittenhouse started drinking a couple ofyears ago when her husband had a series ofaffairs.
stepped it up last summer after their son died of leukaemia.
so i threw him a breakfast and hit him up about rittenhouse.
bob campbell's leaving, so midnight saturday anchor shift is opening up.
5 on air doing domestic features, another 2 in some cholera-ridden hellhole.
and then i'll quit ifthey don't give you a weekend anchor shot.
and she says yes, and he says yes, and it's kissy, kissy, kissy, and congratulations.
jenny, you now have a new stepmother who is 2 years older than you.
and i'm trusting you because i know what this can do foryour career.
it might seem that we have each other over the same barrel, ms lerner, but itjust seems that way.
a few minutes ago the united states ambassadors to every country in the world told the leaders ofthose nations what i am about to tell you.
it's a bit complicated, so it will take some time, so i hope you will bear with me, hear what i have to say.
now... we get hit all the time by rocks and meteors, some ofthem the size ofcars, some no bigger than your hand.
but the comet we discovered is the size of new york city.
they're what's left over from the creation ofthe solar system after the planets were formed billions ofyears ago.
these chunks ofspace debris are in an elongated orbit around our sun, but every now and then one ofthem gets bumped
like a billiard ball on a pool table and is knocked into a different orbit.
ifthis comet continues on its path around the sun and keeps its present course, sometime on august 1 6, roughly a year from now, there's a chance that we might have impact.
you were the last man to walk on the moon, weren't you?
yes, sir, but oren here will be doing most ofthe flying on this one.
does anyone know how big the one was that killed all the dinosaurs?
something majestic, mysterious, with a fanfare for the intro and a theme for the longer promos.
upon fii rst entering earth's atmosphere, proceed immediately up the exterior ofthe mother ship.
when the sun hits the surface, there's gonna be explosive outgassings that are very dangerous--
your mother and i used to play a game when she was still alive.
now, the game was, ifthere was a chance i might not be coming back, she wouldn't say it, and i wouldn't say it.
all i'm saying is, the moon did not have a rotational cycle of 1 4 hours.
i mean, we only have 7 hours ofdark when the sun's not up to land on this thing.
i woke up this morning, and i realized... none ofyou want me here.
you don't even really know who i am, which is ok.
propelled by 500,000 pounds of liquid fuel, the shuttle crew heads toward their initial destination.
when the crew enters the messiah, they will fii nd a payload of 8 nuclear devices that will eventually be used to blow up the comet.
the interception ofwolf-biederman and the setting of the nuclear devices that will deflect it off its collision course with earth.
but fii rst, captain spurgeon tanner will have to guide the spacecraft through the blizzard of rocks, sand, and ice that make up the comet's tail, or coma.
...are images from cameras mounted inside the cargo bay ofthe messiah.
now, these images are delayed by approximately 20 seconds, due to the distance they must travel.
what happens if they do not get off the comet's surface in time?
the sun striking the comet will cause the temperature to rise 350 degrees in just a few minutes and activate the high-speed gasjets.
the messiah has successfully docked with the orion-powered boosters and is now prepared to detonate the bombs planted on wolf-biederman.
the messiah's exterior-mounted camera will show us the detonation, but not before being temporarily blocked out by the nuclear blast.
this computer-enhanced radar image from houston shows how the detonation succeeded, however, did not destroy the comet.
there are now 2 pieces-- one 6 miles wide, the other, a mile and a half.
ifwe can deflect these comets enough, they will bounce harmlessly off our atmosphere and head on out into space.
unfortunately, the titans cannot be launched until the comets are only a few hours away.
and while we are confiident the missile attack will succeed, it is only prudent that we now take cautionary steps to ensure the continuation ofour way of life, to guarantee that there will be enough of us left to rebuild a new world
in the unlikely event that the comets do strike the earth.
on august 1 0th, a computer will randomly select 800,000 americans tojoin the 200,000 scientists, doctors, engineers, teachers, soldiers, and artists, who have already been chosen.
other countries are preparing similar caves along whatever lines they feel are best to preserve their way of life.
"those ofyou who have been preselected will be notifiied within the next few minutes.
for the rest, on the night ofaugust 1 0th, those whose social security numbers have been randomly selected by computer will be notifiied.
civil defence teams have been formed in every town with a population over 5,000.
they will distribute supplies and organize group shelters in underground parking facilities and other appropriate sites.
system check was ok, but i don't know about the radiation shielding.
so, ifwe fii re it up, we beat the comet back to earth, but we may end up glowing in the dark.
what are you gonna do with all that extra money you save?
do you know the national gallery is saving all ofthe art?
the fil res have been left to burn since many fii refii ghters have been called to help prepare shelters.
throughout latin america's major cities, business districts have been abandoned to looting gangs...
for now we see in a mirror dimly, but then face to face.
now i know in part, then i shall understand fully, even as i have been fully understood.
i brought moby dick and huckleberry finn and baker and simon had never read them.
now, i'm afraid to askyou, have you ever read melville or twain?
ifyou have been designated as a civilian section offiicer, report to section red 1 1 6 upon entering.
once again, ifyou have been designated as a civilian section offiicer, report to section red 1 1 6 upon entering.
ifthe world does go on... it will not go on for everyone.
we have now been able to calculate the comets' fii nal trajectories, and we have determined where they're going to strike.
as it reaches shallow water, it's going to slow down, but the wave height, depending on the depth ofthe shelfoff the coast, will be anywhere from 1 ,000 to 3,500 feet high.
where the land is flat, the wave will wash inland 600 to 700 miles.
the impact ofthe larger comet will be nothing less than an extinction-level event.
it will strike land in western canada 3 hours after biederman.
now, the outgassing has created a vent a half mile wide and at least 2 miles deep.
comet gets closer to the sun, sun melts the ice, ice turns to steam, we get a big hole, ok?
ifwe can get the remaining bombs in that vent, there shouldn't be anything left bigger than a suitcase.
we can't do anything about the little one, but itjust might give them a chance.
without the arming codes, we're going to have to wait to set the bomb timers until we get closer to earth to raise houston.
we may not have enough life support left to get back into the cargo bay for the nukes, much less to go down to the comet.
we sure as hell don't have enough propellant left in the messiah to manoeuvre with.
how are we supposed to get back off the surface once we've gotten down there?
i thought ifthe wave comes, we should be here because she likes it here.
and we're on the 1 5th floor, so maybe we'll be ok.
and about a secretary of the treasury who's kept his entire department in the dark about what he's really doing.
about a cover story about his resignation that just fell through.
there's no such thing as two weeks in the news business.
and i can't appeal to your sense of what's in the nation's best interest.
now, we get hit all the time by rocks and meteors.
some of them the size of cars, some no bigger than your hand.
now, these chunks of space debris are in an elongated orbit around our sun.
but every now and then, one of them gets bumped, sort of like a billiard ball on a pool table, and is knocked into a different orbit.
now, if this comet continues on its path around the sun and keeps its present course, sometime on august 16, roughly a year from now, there's a chance that we might have impact.
so for the past eight months, the united states and russia have been building the largest spaceship ever constructed.
and right now, a team of american astronauts and one russian are at cape canaveral in florida.
in two months, they will leave on the shuttle atlantis to board the messiah.
as far as we know, what happened was that dr. wolf saw the comet in my photograph, so he shared the discovery with me.
and then he was killed in that crash and everything got mixed up in washington, so the president thought i was dead too.
upon first entering earth's atmosphere, proceed immediately up the exterior of the mothership.
when the sun hits the surface, there's gonna be explosive outgassings that are very dangerous...
all i'm saying is, the moon did not have a rotational cycle of 14 hours.
all i'm saying is, the moon did not have a rotational cycle of 14 hours.
you don't even really know who i am, which is ok.
i walked on the moon, but i didn't belong to you,
when the crew enters the messiah, they will find a payload of eight nuclear devices that will eventually be used to blow up the comet.
the messiah itself will be powered by an experimental nuclear propulsion system that was originally created for a very different purpose.
sometime in the next hour, the messiah mission will enter its most critical phase:
the interception of wolf-beiderman and the setting of the nuclear devices that will deflect it off its collision course with earth.
but first, captain spurgeon tanner will have to guide the spacecraft through the blizzard of rocks, sand and ice that make up the comet's tail, or coma.
the crew will have to complete its work before the sun rises.
...are images from cameras mounted inside the cargo bay of the messiah.
now, these images are delayed by approximately 20 seconds, due to the distance they must travel.
what happens if they do not get off the comet's surface in time?
the sun striking the comet will cause the temperature to rise 350 degrees in just a few minutes and activate the high-speed gas jets.
gus partenza, a native of harrisburg, pennsylvania, and graduate of carnegie mellon university, joined the nasa space program shortly after completing his medical training at duke university.
dr. partenza was selected specifically for this mission not only for his medical expertise, but also for his dedication to the advancement of space technology.
the messiah's exterior-mounted camera will show us the detonation, but not before being temporarily blocked out by the nuclear blast.
once again, let me remind you, there is a 20-second delay, so when the picture comes back to us, the comet should already have been knocked off its present course.
it is my unhappy duty to report to you that the messiah has failed.
this computer-enhanced radar image from houston shows how the detonation succeeded, however, did not destroy the comet.
if we can deflect these comets enough, they will bounce harmlessly off our atmosphere and head on out into space.
unfortunately, the titans cannot be launched until the comets are only a few hours away.
and while we are confident the missile attack will succeed, it is only prudent that we now take cautionary steps to ensure the continuation of our way of life.
to guarantee that there will be enough of us left to rebuild a new world in the unlikely event that the comets do strike the earth.
crimes against persons or property will be dealt with swiftly and harshly.
news stations around the nation are being faxed copies of the lottery procedure as we speak, and they'll be broadcasting the details to you in a few moments.
for the rest, on the night of august 10th, those whose social security numbers have been randomly selected by computer will be notified.
while some americans over 50 years of age have been preselected for the ark due to their expertise in a necessary field of study, no men and women over 50 in the general population will be included in the lottery.
those selected will be taken by bus and train to the underground ark site by military personnel.
civil defense teams have been formed in every town with a population over 5,000.
they will distribute supplies and organize group shelters in underground parking facilities and other appropriate sites.
construction plans, equipment lists and locations for securing the necessary provisions,
we could go in with the evas, but there's not much left in the life-support packs.
we should be able to raise houston on the low band once we get closer.
i've given them my beautiful 18th-century desk from new england and all the sheraton silver.
i really feel like i'd protected something when i gave them.
across the country, looters continue to set fire to abandoned stores.
the fires have been left to burn, since many firefighters have been called to help prepare shelters.
now i know in part, then i shall understand fully, even as i have been fully understood.
do you, leo, take sarah to be your wife, to have and to hold from this day forward, for better, for worse, for richer, for poorer, to love and to cherish?
you children didn't bring any real books to read, did you know that?
i brought moby dick and huckleberry finn, and baker and simon had never read them.
if you have been designated as a civilian section officer, report to section red 116 upon entering.
once again, if you have been designated as a civilian section officer, report to section red 116 upon entering.
we have now confirmed the launch of all the titan missiles from their positions in north dakota and wyoming.
the comets are now approximately 14 hours outside of earth's atmosphere, and we are told it should take these missiles less than 20 minutes to reach their target.
if the world does go on, it will not go on for everyone.
we have now been able to calculate the comets' final trajectories, and we have determined where they're going to strike.
the impact of the comet is going to be well, disastrous.
there will be a very large tidal wave moving quickly through the atlantic ocean.
as the wave reaches shallow water it's going to slow down, but the wave height, depending on the depth of the shelf off the coast, will be anywhere from 1,000 to 3,500 feet high.
where the land is flat, the wave will wash inland 600 to 700 miles.
the impact of the larger comet will be nothing less than an extinction-level event.
it will strike land in western canada three hours after beiderman.
now, we can't do anything about the little one, but, you know, it just might give them a chance.
now, without the arming codes, we're gonna have to wait to set the bomb timers until we get closer to earth to raise houston.
we may not have enough life support left to get back into the cargo bay for the nukes, much less to work down on the comet.
and we sure as hell don't have enough propellant left in the messiah to maneuver with.
the road was so crowded, it was obvious we weren't gonna make it.
so i thought, well, if the wave does come, that we should be here because she likes it here and...
we honor them with every brick we lay, with every field we sow.
with every child we comfort and then teach to rejoice in what we have been regiven.
tragedy struck today as a charter aircraft carrying an army unit returning from duty in japan crashed this morning...
white house press office says secretary of the treasury rittenhouse is resigning because his wife is sick.
mrs rittenhouse started drinking a couple of years ago when her husband had a series of affairs.
stepped it up last summer after their son died of leukaemia.
so i threw him a breakfast and hit him up about rittenhouse.
bob campbell's leaving, so midnight saturday anchor shift is opening up.
5 on air doing domestic features, another 2 in some cholera-ridden hellhole.
and then i'll quit if they don't give you a weekend anchor shot.
and she says yes, and he says yes, and it's kissy, kissy, kissy, and congratulations.
jenny, you now have a new stepmother who is 2 years older than you.
ms lerner was just expressing her lack of enthusiasm for matters of national security where journalistic competitiveness is at stake.
mr president, i'm not interested in using ellie to further my career.
and i can't appeal to your sense of what's in the nation's best interest?
i always thought the truth was in the nation's best interest.
morton, if she knows, how long can it be before cnn or the "post" breaks the story?
this was never gonna be a secret as long as you wanted it to be.
it's a bit complicated, so it will take some time, so i hope you will bear with me, hear what i have to say.
a little over a year ago, 2 american astronomers, marcus wolf and leo biederman, working on a mountain top in arizona...
now... we get hit all the time by rocks and meteors, some of them the size of cars, some no bigger than your hand.
but the comet we discovered is the size of new york city.
these chunks of space debris are in an elongated orbit around our sun, but every now and then one of them gets bumped like a billiard ball on a pool table and is knocked into a different orbit.
if this comet continues on its path around the sun and keeps its present course, sometime on august 16, roughly a year from now, there's a chance that we might have impact.
does anyone know how big the one was that killed all the dinosaurs?
something majestic, mysterious, with a fanfare for the intro and a theme for the longer promos.
msnbc has learned that secretary rittenhouse did not leave for the reasons announced by your administration.
in fact, isn't it true, sir, that not everyone in your administration is convinced that the "messiah" will save us?
your mother and i used to play a game when she was still alive.
now, the game was, if there was a chance i might not be coming back, she wouldn't say it, and i wouldn't say it.
i woke up this morning, and i realized... none of you want me here.
you don't even really know who i am, which is ok.
atlantis' 4 on-board computers now have primary control of all the vehicle's critical functions.
ok, all flight controllers, we're at t-minus 30 seconds and counting.
when the crew enters the "messiah", they will find a payload of 8 nuclear devices that will eventually be used to blow up the comet.
the "messiah" itself will be powered by an experimental nuclear propulsion system that was originally created for a very different purpose.
sometime in the next hour, the "messiah" mission will enter its most critical phase:
the interception of wolf-biederman and the setting of the nuclear devices that will deflect it off its collision course with earth.
but first, captain spurgeon tanner will have to guide the spacecraft through the blizzard of rocks, sand, and ice that make up the comet's tail, or coma.
the crew will have to complete its work before the sun rises.
now, these images are delayed by approximately 20 seconds, due to the distance they must travel.
ok, you can see that the image is breaking up a bit.
what happens if they do not get off the comet's surface in time?
the sun striking the comet will cause the temperature to rise 350 degrees in just a few minutes and activate the high-speed gas jets.
the "messiah" has successfully docked with the orion-powered boosters and is now prepared to detonate the bombs planted on wolf-biederman.
the "messiah's" exterior-mounted camera will show us the detonation, but not before being temporarily blocked out by the nuclear blast.
first, our strategic missile command is preparing to coordinate with the russians a massive strike of titan missiles to intercept the comets.
if we can deflect these comets enough, they will bounce harmlessly off our atmosphere and head on out into space.
unfortunately, the titans cannot be launched until the comets are only a few hours away.
and while we are confident the missile attack will succeed, it is only prudent that we now take cautionary steps to ensure the continuation of our way of life, to guarantee that there will be enough of us left
to rebuild a new world in the unlikely event that the comets do strike the earth.
so, in the soft limestone of missouri, we've been preparing a network of immense caves, and they're almost finished.
we're storing seeds and seedlings, plants, animals, enough to start over.
on august 10th, a computer will randomly select 800,000 americans to join the 200,000 scientists, doctors, engineers, teachers, soldiers, and artists, who have already been chosen.
crimes against persons or property will be dealt with swiftly and harshly.
news stations around the nation are being faxed copies of the lottery procedure as we speak, and they'll be broadcasting the details to you in a few moments.
"those of you who have been preselected will be notified within the next few minutes."
"for the rest, on the night of august 10th, those whose social security numbers have been randomly selected by computer will be notified."
"those selected will be taken by bus and train to the underground ark site by military personnel."
"civil defence teams have been formed in every town with a population over 5,000."
system check was ok, but i don't know about the radiation shielding.
so, if we fire it up, we beat the comet back to earth, but we may end up glowing in the dark.
what are you gonna do with all that extra money you save?
do you know the national gallery is saving all of the art?
the fires have been left to burn since many firefighters have been called to help prepare shelters.
throughout latin america's major cities, business districts have been abandoned to looting gangs...
now i know in part, then i shall understand fully, even as i have been fully understood.
do you, leo, take sarah to be your wife... to have and to hold from this day forward... for better, for worse... for richer, for poorer... to love and to cherish?
if you have been designated as a civilian section officer, report to section red 116 upon entering.
once again, if you have been designated as a civilian section officer, report to section red 116 upon entering.
we have now been able to calculate the comets' final trajectories, and we have determined where they're going to strike.
the smaller of the 2 comets, biederman, will hit first, somewhere along the atlantic seaboard probably in the waters off the coast of cape hatteras in just under 12 hours at 4:35 p.m. eastern daylight time.
there will be a very large tidal wave moving quickly through the atlantic ocean.
it will be 100 feet high, travelling at 1,100 miles an hour.
where the land is flat, the wave will wash inland 600 to 700 miles.
the wave will hit our nation's capital 40 minutes after impact.
the impact of the larger comet will be nothing less than an extinction-level event.
it will strike land in western canada 3 hours after biederman.
comet gets closer to the sun, sun melts the ice, ice turns to steam, we get a big hole, ok?
so, how many nukes do we have left in the back?
we can't do anything about the little one, but it just might give them a chance.
without the arming codes, we're going to have to wait to set the bomb timers until we get closer to earth to raise houston.
we may not have enough life support left to get back into the cargo bay for the nukes, much less to go down to the comet.
we sure as hell don't have enough propellant left in the "messiah" to manoeuvre with.
"messiah", we got some people here that want to talk to you.
wendy, honey... you promise me you'll keep doing your church thing, and i'll be there right next to you, haunting you.
stepped it up last summer after their son died of leukemia.
you want to do something on the price that wives pay?
bob campbell's leaving, so midnight saturday anchor shift is opening up.
why would i want to give up the white house for a graveyard weekend--
and she says yes, and he says yes, and it's kissy, kissy, kissy, and congratulations.
jenny, you now have a new stepmother who is 2 years older than you.
ms lerner was just expressing her lack of enthusiasm for matters of national security where journalistic competitiveness is at stake.
mr president, i'm not interested in using ellie to further my career.
and i can't appeal to your sense of what's in the nation's best interest?
i always thought the truth was in the nation's best interest.
morton, if she knows, how long can it be before cnn or the post breaks the story?
this was never gonna be a secret as long as you wanted it to be.
a few minutes ago the united states ambassadors to every country in the world told the leaders of those nations what i am about to tell you.
it's a bit complicated, so it will take some time, so i hope you will bear with me, hear what i have to say.
now... we get hit all the time by rocks and meteors, some of them the size of cars, some no bigger than your hand.
but the comet we discovered is the size of new york city.
they're what's left over from the creation of the solar system after the planets were formed billions of years ago.
these chunks of space debris are in an elongated orbit around our sun, but every now and then one of them gets bumped
like a billiard ball on a pool table and is knocked into a different orbit.
if this comet continues on its path around the sun and keeps its present course, sometime on august 1 6, roughly a year from now, there's a chance that we might have impact.
does anyone know how big the one was that killed all the dinosaurs?
something majestic, mysterious, with a fanfare for the intro and a theme for the longer promos.
msnbc has learned that secretary rittenhouse did not leave for the reasons announced by your administration.
in fact, isn't it true, sir, that not everyone in your administration is convinced that the messiah will save us?
your mother and i used to play a game when she was still alive.
now, the game was, if there was a chance i might not be coming back, she wouldn't say it, and i wouldn't say it.
you don't even really know who i am, which is ok.
i walked on the moon, but i didn't belong to you.
propelled by 500,000 pounds of liquid fuel, the shuttle crew heads toward their initial destination.
when the crew enters the messiah, they will find a payload of 8 nuclear devices that will eventually be used to blow up the comet.
sometime in the next hour, the messiah mission will enter its most critical phase:
the interception of wolf-biederman and the setting of the nuclear devices that will deflect it off its collision course with earth.
but first, captain spurgeon tanner will have to guide the spacecraft through the blizzard of rocks, sand, and ice that make up the comet's tail, or coma.
the crew will have to complete its work before the sun rises.
on the mississippi river in mark twain's time, there were riverboat pilots who only knew a few miles of the river.
i mean, conditions changed so much, you couldn't know the whole trip.
jenny: ...are images from cameras mounted inside the cargo bay of the messiah.
now, these images are delayed by approximately 20 seconds, due to the distance they must travel.
what happens if they do not get off the comet's surface in time?
the sun striking the comet will cause the temperature to rise 350 degrees in just a few minutes and activate the high-speed gas jets.
gus partenza, a native of harrisburg, pennsylvania, and graduate of carnegie-mellon university, joined the nasa space program shortly after completing his medical training at duke university.
dr partenza was selected specifically for this mission, not only for his medical expertise, but also for his dedication to the advancement of space technology.
the messiah's exterior-mounted camera will show us the detonation, but not before being temporarily blocked out by the nuclear blast.
once again, let me remind you, there is a 20-second delay, so when the picture comes back to us, the comet should already have been knocked off its present course.
this computer-enhanced radar image from houston shows how the detonation succeeded, however, did not destroy the comet.
there are now 2 pieces-- one 6 miles wide, the other, a mile and a half.
if we can deflect these comets enough, they will bounce harmlessly off our atmosphere and head on out into space.
unfortunately, the titans cannot be launched until the comets are only a few hours away.
and while we are confident the missile attack will succeed, it is only prudent that we now take cautionary steps to ensure the continuation of our way of life, to guarantee that there will be enough of us left
to rebuild a new world in the unlikely event that the comets do strike the earth.
on august 10th, a computer will randomly select 800,000 americans to join the 200,000 scientists, doctors, engineers, teachers, soldiers, and artists, who have already been chosen.
other countries are preparing similar caves along whatever lines they feel are best to preserve their way of life.
"those of you who have been preselected will be notified within the next few minutes.
for the rest, on the night of august 1 0th, those whose social security numbers have been randomly selected by computer will be notified.
those selected will be taken by bus and train to the underground ark site by military personnel.
civil defence teams have been formed in every town with a population over 5,000.
i've given them my beautiful 18th-century desk from new england and all the sheraton silver.
i really feel like i'd protected something when i gave them.
the fires have been left to burn since many fire fighters have been called to help prepare shelters.
throughout latin america's major cities, business districts have been abandoned to looting gangs...
now i know in part, then i shall understand fully, even as i have been fully understood.
do you, leo, take sarah to be your wife... to have and to hold from this day forward... for better, for worse... for richer, for poorer... to love and to cherish?
i brought moby dick and huckleberry finn and baker and simon had never read them.
now, i'm afraid to ask you, have you ever read melville or twain?
several years ago, never mind how long precisely, having little or no money in my purse... grim about the mouth...
whenever it is a damp, drizzly november in my soul, whenever i find myself knocking people's hats off, then,
if you have been designated as a civilian section officer, report to section red 116 upon entering.
once again, if you have been designated as a civilian section officer, report to section red 116 upon entering.
we have now confirmed the launch of all the titan missiles from their positions in north dakota and wyoming.
the comets are now approximately 14 hours outside of earth's atmosphere, and we are told it should take these missiles
we have now been able to calculate the comets' final trajectories, and we have determined where they're going to strike.
the smaller of the 2 comets, biederman, will hit first, somewhere along the atlantic seaboard probably in the waters off the coast of cape hatteras in just under 12 hours at 4:35 p.m. eastern daylight time.
there will be a very large tidal wave moving quickly through the atlantic ocean
it will be 100 feet high, traveling at 1,100 miles an hour.
where the land is flat, the wave will wash inland 600 to 700 miles
the wave will hit our nation's capital 40 minutes after impact.
it will strike land in western canada 3 hours after biederman.
within a week, the skies will be dark with dust from the impact and they will stay dark for 2 years.
comet gets closer to the sun, sun melts the ice, ice turns to steam, we get a big hole, ok?
so, how many nukes do we have left in the back?
we can't do anything about the little one, but it just might give them a chance.
without the arming codes, we're going to have to wait to set the bomb timers until we get closer to earth to raise houston.
we may not have enough life support left to get back into the cargo bay for the nukes, much less to go down to the comet.
we sure as hell don't have enough propellant left in the messiah to maneuver with.
i thought if the wave comes, we should be here because she likes it here.
and we're on the 15th floor, so maybe we'll be ok.
this is relating to the recall of american troops from abroad.
tragedy struck today as a charter aircraft carrying an army unit returning from duty in japan crashed this morning...
mrs rittenhouse started drinking a couple of years ago when her husband had a series of affairs.
stepped it up last summer after their son died of leukaemia.
so i threw him a breakfast and hit him up about rittenhouse.
bob campbell's leaving, so midnight saturday anchor shift is opening up.
5 on air doing domestic features, another 2 in some cholera-ridden hell hole.
and then i'll quit if they don't give you a weekend anchor shot.
jason says, "lie, lie, lie, till death do us part, blah, blah, blah,"
and she says yes, and he says yes, and it's kissy, kissy, kissy, and congratulations.
you'll get second row, centre, at the white house press conference.
now, from what i know of your career, that's a promotion.
and i'm trusting you because i know what this can do for your career.
it might seem that we have each other over the same barrel, ms lerner, but it just seems that way.
a few minutes ago the united states ambassadors to every country in the world told the leaders of those nations what i am about to tell you.
it's a bit complicated, so it will take some time, so i hope you will bear with me, hear what i have to say.
there was a remote possibility that the comet was on a path that could bring it into direct contact with the earth.
now... we get hit all the time by rocks and meteors, some of them the size of cars, some no bigger than your hand.
these chunks of space debris are in an elongated orbit around our sun, but every now and then one of them gets bumped like a billiard ball on a pool table and is knocked into a different orbit.
if this comet continues on its path around the sun and keeps its present course, sometime on august 16, roughly a year from now, there's a chance that we might have impact.
you were the last man to walk on the moon, weren't you?
yes, sir, but oren here will be doing most of the flying on this one.
does anyone know how big the one was that killed all the dinosaurs?
something majestic, mysterious, with a fanfare for the intro and a theme for the longer promos.
msnbc has learned that secretary rittenhouse did not leave for the reasons announced by your administration.
in fact, isn't it true, sir, that not everyone in your administration is convinced that the messiah will save us?
upon first entering earth's atmosphere, proceed immediately up the exterior of the mother ship.
when the sun hits the surface, there's gonna be explosive outgassings that are very dangerous--
all i'm saying is, the moon did not have a rotational cycle of 14 hours.
i mean, we only have 7 hours ofdark when the sun's not up to land on this thing.
i woke up this morning, and i realized... none of you want me here.
you don't even really know who i am, which is ok.
when the crew enters the messiah, they will find a payload of 8 nuclear devices that will eventually be used to blow up the comet.
the messiah itself will be powered by an experimental nuclear propulsion system that was originally created for a very different purpose.
the interception of wolf-biederman and the setting of the nuclear devices that will deflect it off its collision course with earth.
but first, captain spurgeon tanner will have to guide the spacecraft through the blizzard of rocks, sand, and ice that make up the comet's tail, or coma.
...are images from cameras mounted inside the cargo bay of the messiah.
now, these images are delayed by approximately 20 seconds, due to the distance they must travel.
the sun striking the comet will cause the temperature to rise 350 degrees in just a few minutes and activate the high-speed gasjets.
well, if that happens, it will be like trying to work in a minefield.
the messiah has successfully docked with the orion-powered boosters and is now prepared to detonate the bombs planted on wolf-biederman.
the messiah's exterior-mounted camera will show us the detonation, but not before being temporarily blocked out by the nuclear blast.
this computer-enhanced radar image from houston shows how the detonation succeeded, however, did not destroy the comet.
there are now 2 pieces-- one 6 miles wide, the other, a mile and a half.
if we can deflect these comets enough, they will bounce harmlessly off our atmosphere and head on out into space.
unfortunately, the titans cannot be launched until the comets are only a few hours away.
and while we are confident the missile attack will succeed, it is only prudent that we now take cautionary steps to ensure the continuation of our way of life, to guarantee that there will be enough of us left
to rebuild a new world in the unlikely event that the comets do strike the earth.
on august 10th, a computer will randomly select 800,000 americans to join the 200,000 scientists, doctors, engineers, teachers, soldiers, and artists, who have already been chosen.
other countries are preparing similar caves along whatever lines they feel are best to preserve their way of life.
"those of you who have been preselected will be notified within the next few minutes.
for the rest, on the night of august 10th, those whose social security numbers have been randomly selected by computer will be notified.
civil defence teams have been formed in every town with a population over 5,000.
they will distribute supplies and organize group shelters in underground parking facilities and other appropriate sites.
system check was ok, but i don't know about the radiation shielding.
so, if we fire it up, we beat the comet back to earth, but we may end up glowing in the dark.
what are you gonna do with all that extra money you save?
do you know the national gallery is saving all of the art?
across the country, looters continue to set fire to abandoned stores.
the fires have been left to burn since many firefighters have been called to help prepare shelters.
now i know in part, then i shall understand fully, even as i have been fully understood.
do you, leo, take sarah to be your wife... to have and to hold from this day forward... for better, for worse... for richer, for poorer... to love and to cherish?
i brought mobydick and huckleberry finn and baker and simon had never read them.
now, i'm afraid to ask you, have you ever read melville or twain?
several years ago, never mind how long precisely, having little or no money in my purse grim about the mouth...
whenever it is a damp, drizzly november in my soul, whenever i find myself knocking people's hats off, then i account it high time to get to sea as soon as i can."
if you have been designated as a civilian section officer, report to section red 116 upon entering.
once again, if you have been designated as a civilian section officer, report to section red 116 upon entering.
we have now confirmed the launch of all the titan missiles from their positions in north dakota and wyoming.
the comets are now approximately 14 hours outside of earth's atmosphere, and we are told it should take these missiles less than 20 minutes to reach their target.
if the world does go on... it will not go on for everyone.
we have now been able to calculate the comets' final trajectories, and we have determined where they're going to strike.
as it reaches shallow water, it's going to slow down, but the wave height, depending on the depth of the shelf off the coast, will be anywhere from 1,000 to 3,500 feet high.
where the land is flat, the wave will wash inland 600 to 700 miles.
if you have any means of getting away from the path of this wave, leave now.
the impact of the larger comet will be nothing less than an extinction-level event.
it will strike land in western canada 3 hours after biederman.
within a week, the skies will be dark with dust from the impact and they will stay dark for 2 years.
comet gets closer to the sun, sun melts the ice, ice turns to steam, we get a big hole, ok?
so, how many nukes do we have left in the back?
we can't do anything about the little one, but it just might give them a chance.
without the arming codes, we're going to have to wait to set the bomb timers until we get closer to earth to raise houston.
we may not have enough life support left to get back into the cargo bay for the nukes, much less to go down to the comet.
we sure as hell don't have enough propellant left in the messiah to manoeuvre with.
afl-cio wanted him off the council of economic advisers for not supporting the pension bill, and the president's going to need labor next fall.
and state's still fuming about the trade office screw-up at the g8.
now do three as a segment producer, five on-air doing domestic features, another two in some cholera-ridden hellhole, and then, you know what?
i'll quit if they don't give you a weekend anchor shot.
well, we know about the secret phone lines and the whispered calls to the president.
and about a secretary of the treasury who's kept his entire department in the dark about what he's really doing, about a cover story about his resignation that just fell through.
morton, if she knows, how long can it be before cnn or the post breaks the story?
now, this was never gonna be a secret as long as you wanted it to be.
i'm letting you go because i don't want another headache, and i'm trusting you because i know what this can do for your career.
it might seem that we have each other over the same barrel, ms.
a little over a year ago, two american astronomers, marcus wolf and leo biederman, working on a mountaintop in arizona... nobody say anything.
...saw something in the night sky that caused them great concern.
now, we get hit all the time by rocks and meteors.
some of them the size of cars, some no bigger than your hand.
they're what's left over from the creation of the solar system after the planets were formed billions of years ago.
now, these chunks of space debris are in an elongated orbit around our sun.
but every now and then, one of them gets bumped, sort of like a billiard ball on a pool table, and is knocked into a different orbit.
now, if this comet continues on its path around the sun and keeps its present course, sometime on august 16, roughly a year from now, there's a chance that we might have impact.
so for the past eight months, the united states and russia have been building the largest spaceship ever constructed.
it's being built in orbit around the earth, and we call it the messiah.
and right now, a team ofamerican astronauts and one russian are at cape canaveral in florida.
in two months, they will leave on the shuttle atlantis to board the messiah.
you were the last man to walk on the moon, werert you, sir?
yes, sir, but oren here will be doing most of the flying on this one.
does anyone know how big the one was that killed all the dinosaurs?
something majestic, mysterious, with a fanfare for the intro and a theme to the longer promos.
msnbc has learned that secretary rittenouse did not leave for the reasons announced by your administration.
in fact, isn't it true, sir, that not everyone in your administration is convinced that the messiah will save us?
upon first entering earth's atmosphere, proceed immediately up the exterior of the mother ship.
when the sun hits the surface, there's gonna be explosive out-gassings that are very dangerous...
you boys were, what, four and six when i went to the moon?
now, you saw me go into space seven times, didn't you?
your mother and i used to play a game when she was still alive.
now, the game was, if there was a chance i might not be coming back, she wouldn't say it and i wouldn't say it.
you don't even really know who i am, which is okay.
i walked on the moon, but i didn't belong to you.
when the crew enters the messiah, they will find a payload of eight nuclear devices that will eventually be used to blow up the comet.
the messiah itself will be powered by an experimental nuclear propulsion system that was originally created for a very different purpose.
the interception of wolf-biederman and the setting of the nuclear devices that will deflect it off its collision course with earth.
but first, captain spurgeon tanner will have to guide the spacecraft through the blizzard of rocks, sand and ice that make up the comet's tail, or coma.
on the mississippi river in mark twairs time, there were riverboat pilots who only knew a few miles of the river.
i mean, conditions changed so much you couldn't know the whole trip.
...are images from cameras mounted inside the cargo bay of the messiah.
now, these images are delayed by approximately 20 seconds, due to the distance they must travel.
the sun striking the comet will cause the temperature to rise 350 degrees in just a few minutes, and activate the high-speed gas jets.
well, if that happens, it will be like trying to work in a minefield.
the messiah has safely lifted off the comet, but, sadly, gus partenza has been lost.
gus partenza, a native of harrisburg, pennsylvania, and graduate of carnegie mellon university, joined the nasa space program shortly after completing his medical training at duke university.
the messiah has successfully docked with the orion-powered boosters and is now prepared to detonate the bombs planted on wolf-biederman.
the messiah's exterior-mounted camera will show us the detonation but not before being temporarily blocked out by the nuclear blast.
it is my unappy duty to report to you that the messiah has failed.
this computer-enanced radar image from houston shows how the detonation succeeded, however, did not destroy the comet.
if we can deflect these comets enough, they will bounce harmlessly off our atmosphere and head on out into space.
unfortunately, the titans cannot be launched until the comets are only a few hours away.
and while we are confident the missile attack will succeed, it is only prudent that we now take cautionary steps to ensure the continuation of our way of life, to guarantee that there will be enough of us left
to rebuild a new world in the unlikely event that the comets do strike the earth.
on august 10th, a computer will randomly select 800,000 americans to join the 200,000 scientists, doctors, engineers, teachers, soldiers and artists who have already been chosen.
other countries are preparing similar caves along whatever lines they feel are best to preserve their way of life.
crimes against persons or property will be dealt with swiftly and harshly.
news stations around the nation are being faxed copies of the lottery procedure as we speak, and they'll be broadcasting the details to you in a few moments.
may the lord lift up his divine countenance upon you and give you peace.
and in five, four, three, two... we now have the details for the national lottery.
those of you who have been preselected will be notified within the next few minutes.
for the rest, on the night of august 10th, those whose social security numbers have been randomly selected by computer will be notified.
while some americans over 50 years of age have been preselected for the ark due to their expertise in a necessary field of study, no men and women over 50 in the general population will be included in the lottery.
the... the... the evacuation of those who have been selected for the ark will take no longer than two days, beginning on august 12th.
civil defense teams have been formed in every town with a population over 5,000.
they will distribute supplies and organize group shelters in underground parking facilities and other appropriate sites.
system check was okay, but i don't know about the radiation shielding.
so if we fire it up, we beat the comet back to earth, but we may end up glowing in the dark.
i've given them my beautiful 18th-century desk from new england and all the sheraton silver.
i really feel like i'd protected something when i gave them.
fires have been left to burn, since many firefighters have been called to help prepare shelters.
throughout latin america's major cities, business districts have been abandoned to looting gangs.
you children didn't bring any real books to read, did you know that?
i brought moby dick and huckleberry finn, and baker and simon had never read them.
if you have been designated as a civilian section officer, report to section red 116 upon entering.
once again, if you have been designated as a civilian section officer, report to section red 116 upon entering.
we have now confirmed the launch of all the titan missiles from their positions in north dakota and wyoming.
the comets are now approximately 14 hours outside of earth's atmosphere, and we are told it should take these missiles less than 20 minutes to reach their target.
we have now been able to calculate the comets' final trajectories, and we have determined where they're going to strike.
the smaller of the two comets, biederman, will hit first somewhere along the atlantic seaboard, probably in the waters off the coast of cape hatteras, in just under 12 hours, at 4:35 p.m. eastern daylight time.
the impact of the comet is going to be, well, disastrous.
there will be a very large tidal wave moving quickly through the atlantic ocean.
as the wave reaches shallow water it's going to slow down, but the wave height, depending on the depth of the shelf off the coast, will be anywhere from 1,000 to 3,500 feet high.
where the land is flat, the wave will wash inland 600 to 700 miles.
if you have any means of getting away from the path of this wave, leave now.
the impact of the larger comet will be nothing less than an extinction-level event.
it will strike land in western canada three hours after biederman.
within a week, the skies will be dark with dust from the impact, and they will stay dark for two years.
now, the out-gassing has created a vent a half a mile wide and at least 2 miles deep.
comet gets closer to the sun, sun melts ice, ice turns to steam, we get a big hole.
if we can get the remaining bombs in that vent, there shouldn't be anything left of that comet bigger than a suitcase.
now, we can't do anything about the little one, but, you know, it just might give them a chance.
now, without the arming codes, we're gonna have to wait to set the bomb timers until we get closer to earth to raise houston.
we may not have enough life support left to get back into the cargo bay for the nukes, much less to work down on the comet.
and we sure as hell don't have enough propellant left in the messiah to maneuver with.
how are we supposed to get back off the surface once we've... once we've gone down there?
this is relating to the recall of american troops from abroad.
tragedy struck today as a charter aircraft carrying an army unit returning from duty in japan crashed this morning... says secretary of the treasury rittenhouse is resigning because his wife is sick.
mrs rittenhouse started drinking a couple of years ago when her husband had a series of affairs.
stepped it up last summer after their son died of leukemia.
so i threw him a breakfast and hit him up about rittenhouse.
bob campbell's leaving, so midnight saturday anchor shift is opening up.
5 on air doing domestic features, another 2 in some cholera-ridden hellhole.
and then i'll quit if they don't give you a weekend anchor shot.
jason says, "lie, lie, lie, till death do us part, blah, blah, blah,"
and she says yes, and he says yes, and it's kissy, kissy, kissy, and congratulations.
ms lerner was just expressing her lack of enthusiasm for matters of national security where journalistic competitiveness is at stake.
mr president, i'm not interested in using ellie to further my career.
and i can't appeal to your sense of what's in the nation's best interest?
i always thought the truth was in the nation's best interest.
morton, if she knows, how long can it be before cnn or the post breaks the story?
this was never gonna be a secret as long as you wanted it to be.
it's a bit complicated, so it will take some time, so i hope you will bear with me, hear what i have to say.
a little over a year ago, 2 american astronomers, marcus wolfand leo biederman, working on a mountain top in arizona...
there was a remote possibility that the comet was on a path that could bring it into direct contact with the earth.
now... we get hit all the time by rocks and meteors, some of them the size of cars, some no bigger than your hand.
these chunks of space debris are in an elongated orbit around our sun, but every now and then one of them gets bumped
like a billiard ball on a pool table and is knocked into a different orbit.
if this comet continues on its path around the sun and keeps its present course, sometime on august 16, roughly a year from now, there's a chance that we might have impact.
so for the past 8 months, the united states and russia have been building the largest spaceship ever constructed.
right now a team of american astronauts and one russian are at cape canaveral in florida.
in 2 months, they will leave on the shuttle atlantis to board the messiah.
upon first entering earth's atmosphere, proceed immediately up the exterior of the mother ship.
when the sun hits the surface, there's gonna be explosive out gassings that are very dangerous-
all i'm saying is, the moon did not have a rotational cycle of 14 hours.
i mean, we only have 7 hours of dark when the sun's not up to land on this thing.
i woke up this morning, and i realized... none of you want me here.
you don't even really know who i am, which is ok.
when the crew enters the messiah, they will find a payload of 8 nuclear devices that will eventually be used to blow up the comet.
the messiah itself will be powered by an experimental nuclear propulsion system that was originally created for a very different purpose.
the interception of wolf-biederman and the setting of the nuclear devices that will deflect it off its collision course with earth.
but first, captain spurgeon tanner will have to guide the spacecraft through the blizzard of rocks, sand, and ice that make up the comet's tail, or coma.
now, these images are delayed by approximately 20 seconds, due to the distance they must travel.
ok, you can see that the image is breaking up a bit.
the sun striking the comet will cause the temperature to rise 350 degrees in just a few minutes and activate the high-speed gas jets.
well, if that happens, it will be like trying to work in a minefield.
the messiah has successfully docked with the orion-powered boosters and is now prepared to detonate the bombs planted on wolf-biederman.
the messiah's exterior-mounted camera will show us the detonation, but not before being temporarily blocked out by the nuclear blast.
it is my unhappy duty to report to you that the messiah has failed.
this computer-enhanced radar image from houston shows how the detonation succeeded, however, did not destroy the comet.
first, our strategic missile command is preparing to coordinate with the russians a massive strike of titan missiles to intercept the comets.
if we can deflect these comets enough, they will bounce harmlessly off our atmosphere and head on out into space.
unfortunately, the titans cannot be launched until the comets are only a few hours away.
and while we are confident the missile attack will succeed, it is only prudent that we now take cautionary steps to ensure the continuation of our way of life, to guarantee that there will be enough of us left
to rebuild a new world in the unlikely event that the comets do strike the earth.
so, in the soft limestone of missouri, we've been preparing a network of immense caves, and they're almost finished.
we're storing seeds and seedlings, plants, animals, enough to start over.
on august 10th, a computer will randomly select 800,000 americans to join the 200,000 scientists, doctors, engineers, teachers, soldiers, and artists, who have already been chosen.
crimes against persons or property will be dealt with swiftly and harshly.
news stations around the nation are being faxed copies of the lottery procedure as we speak, and they'll be broadcasting the details to you in a few moments.
for the rest, on the night of august 1 oth, those whose social security numbers have been randomly selected by computer will be notified.
while some americans... over 50 years of age have been preselected for the ark due to their expertise in a necessary field of study, no men and women over 50 in the general population will be included in the lottery.
civil defence teams have been formed in every town with a population over 5,000.
they will distribute supplies and organize group shelters in underground parking facilities and other appropriate sites.
system check was ok, but i don't know about the radiation shielding.
so, if we fire it up, we beat the comet back to earth, but we may end up glowing in the dark.
what are you gonna do with all that extra money you save?
do you know the national gallery is saving all of the art?
for now we see in a mirror dimly, but then face to face.
now i know in part, then i shall understand fully, even as i have been fully understood.
you children didn't bring any real books to read, did you know that?
i brought moby dick and huckleberry finn and baker and simon had never read them.
whenever it is a damp, drizzly november in my soul, whenever i find myself knocking people's hats off, then,
i account it high time to get to sea as soon as i can. "
if you have been designated as a civilian section officer, report to section red 116 upon entering.
once again, if you have been designated as a civilian section officer, report to section red 116 upon entering.
if the world does go on... it will not go on for everyone.
we have now been able to calculate the comets' final trajectories, and we have determined where they're going to strike.
as the wave reaches shallow water, it's going to slow down, but the wave height, depending on the depth of the shelf off the coast, will be anywhere from 1,000 to 3,500 feet high.
where the land is flat, the wave will wash inland 600 to 700 miles
the impact of the larger comet will be nothing less than an extinction-level event.
it will strike land in western canada 3 hours after biederman.
now, the outgassing has created a vent a half mile wide and at least 2 miles deep.
comet gets closer to the sun, sun melts the ice, ice turns to steam, we get a big hole, ok?
if we can get the remaining bombs in that vent, there shouldn't be anything left bigger than a suitcase.
we can't do anything about the little one, but it just might give them a chance.
without the arming codes, we're going to have to wait to set the bomb timers until we get closer to earth to raise houston.
we may not have enough life support left to get back into the cargo bay for the nukes, much less to go down to the comet.
we sure as hell don't have enough propellant left in the messiah to maneuver with.
how are we supposed to get back off the surface once we've gotten down there?
messiah, we got some people here that want to talk to you.
wendy, honey... you promise me you'll keep doing your church thing, and i'll be there right next to you, haunting you.
this is relating to the recall of american troops from abroad.
tragedy struck today as a charter aircraft carrying an army unit returning from duty in japan crashed this morning...
afl/ cio wanted him off the council of economic advisors for not supporting the pension bill, and the president's going to need labour next fall.
and state's still fuming about the trade office screw-up at the g-8.
stepped it up last summer after their son died of leukaemia.
you want to do something on the price that wives pay?
bob campbell's leaving, so midnight saturday anchor shift is opening up.
why would i want to give up the white house for a graveyard weekend...
jason says, "lie, lie, lie, till death do us part, blah, blah, blah,"
and she says yes, and he says yes, and it's kissy, kissy, kissy, and congratulations.
you'll get second row, centre, at the white house press conference.
now, from what i know of your career, that's a promotion.
and i'm trusting you because i know what this can do for your career.
it might seem that we have each other over the same barrel, ms lerner, but it just seems that way.
a few minutes ago the united states ambassadors to every country in the world told the leaders of those nations what i am about to tell you.
it's a bit complicated, so it will take some time, so i hope you will bear with me, hear what i have to say.
there was a remote possibility that the comet was on a path that could bring it into direct contact with the earth.
now... we get hit all the time by rocks and meteors, some of them the size of cars, some no bigger than your hand.
they're what's left over from the creation of the solar system after the planets were formed billions of years ago.
these chunks of space debris are in an elongated orbit around our sun, but every now and then one of them gets bumped like a billiard ball on a pool table and is knocked into a different orbit.
if this comet continues on its path around the sun and keeps its present course, sometime on august 16, roughly a year from now, there's a chance that we might have impact.
so for the past 8 months, the united states and russia have been building the largest spaceship ever constructed.
you were the last man to walk on the moon, weren't you?
yes, sir, but oren here will be doing most of the flying on this one.
is there a connection between the comet and the recall of american troops from abroad?
our fighting men and women are coming home because we felt it prudent, in light of domestic security concerns, to have them available.
upon first entering earth's atmosphere, proceed immediately up the exterior of the mother ship.
when the sun hits the surface, there's gonna be explosive outgassings that are very dangerous...
all i'm saying is, the moon did not have a rotational cycle of 14 hours.
i mean, we only have 7 hours of dark when the sun's not up to land on this thing.
you don't even really know who i am, which is ok.
i walked on the moon, but i didn't belong to you.
propelled by 500,000 pounds of liquid fuel, the shuttle crew heads toward their initial destination.
when the crew enters the "messiah", they will find a payload of 8 nuclear devices that will eventually be used to blow up the comet.
the interception of wolf-biederman and the setting of the nuclear devices that will deflect it off its collision course with earth.
but first, captain spurgeon tanner will have to guide the spacecraft through the blizzard of rocks, sand, and ice that make up the comet's tail, or coma.
on the mississippi river in mark twain's time, there were riverboat pilots who only knew a few miles of the river.
i mean, conditions changed so much, you couldn't know the whole trip.
...are images from cameras mounted inside the cargo bay of the "messiah".
now, these images are delayed by approximately 20 seconds, due to the distance they must travel.
the sun striking the comet will cause the temperature to rise 350 degrees in just a few minutes and activate the high-speed gas jets.
well, if that happens, it will be like trying to work in a minefield.
gus partenza, a native of harrisburg, pennsylvania, and graduate of carnegie-mellon university, joined the nasa space programme shortly after completing his medical training at duke university.
dr partenza was selected specifically for this mission, not only for his medical expertise, but also for his dedication to the advancement of space technology.
the "messiah's" exterior-mounted camera will show us the detonation, but not before being temporarily blocked out by the nuclear blast.
once again, let me remind you, there is a 20-second delay, so when the picture comes back to us, the comet should already have been knocked off its present course.
it is my unhappy duty to report to you that the "messiah" has failed.
this computer-enhanced radar image from houston shows how the detonation succeeded, however, did not destroy the comet.
if we can deflect these comets enough, they will bounce harmlessly off our atmosphere and head on out into space.
unfortunately, the titans cannot be launched until the comets are only a few hours away.
and while we are confident the missile attack will succeed, it is only prudent that we now take cautionary steps to ensure the continuation of our way of life, to guarantee that there will be enough of us left
to rebuild a new world in the unlikely event that the comets do strike the earth.
on august 10th, a computer will randomly select 800,000 americans to join the 200,000 scientists, doctors, engineers, teachers, soldiers, and artists, who have already been chosen.
other countries are preparing similar caves along whatever lines they feel are best to preserve their way of life.
"civil defence teams have been formed in every town with a population over 5,000."
"they will distribute supplies and organize group shelters in underground parking facilities and other appropriate sites."
we could go in with the evas, but there's not much left in the life-support packs.
we should be able to raise houston on the low band once we get closer.
i've given them my beautiful 18th-century desk from new england and all the sheraton silver.
i really feel like i'd protected something when i gave them.
across the country, looters continue to set fire to abandoned stores.
the fires have been left to burn since many firefighters have been called to help prepare shelters.
for now we see in a mirror dimly, but then face to face.
now i know in part, then i shall understand fully, even as i have been fully understood.
"several years ago, never mind how long precisely, having little or no money in my purse grim about the mouth..."
"whenever it is a damp, drizzly november in my soul, whenever i find myself knocking people's hats off, then i account it high time to get to sea as soon as i can."
so gather your things and follow me to the orientation gallery.
if you have been designated as a civilian section officer, report to section red 116 upon entering.
we have now confirmed the launch of all the titan missiles from their positions in north dakota and wyoming.
the comets are now approximately 14 hours outside of earth's atmosphere, and we are told it should take these missiles less than 20 minutes to reach their target.
if the world does go on... it will not go on for everyone.
we have now been able to calculate the comets' final trajectories, and we have determined where they're going to strike.
as it reaches shallow water, it's going to slow down, but the wave height, depending on the depth of the shelf off the coast, will be anywhere from 1,000 to 3,500 feet high.
where the land is flat, the wave will wash inland 600 to 700 miles.
if you have any means of getting away from the path of this wave, leave now.
the impact of the larger comet will be nothing less than an extinction-level event.
it will strike land in western canada 3 hours after biederman.
within a week, the skies will be dark with dust from the impact and they will stay dark for 2 years.
now, the outgassing has created a vent a half mile wide and at least 2 miles deep.
comet gets closer to the sun, sun melts the ice, ice turns to steam, we get a big hole, ok?
if we can get the remaining bombs in that vent, there shouldn't be anything left bigger than a suitcase.
we can't do anything about the little one, but it just might give them a chance.
without the arming codes, we're going to have to wait to set the bomb timers until we get closer to earth to raise houston.
we may not have enough life support left to get back into the cargo bay for the nukes, much less to go down to the comet.
we sure as hell don't have enough propellant left in the "messiah" to manoeuvre with.
how are we supposed to get back off the surface once we've gotten down there?
i thought if the wave comes, we should be here because she likes it here.
and we're on the 15th floor, so maybe we'll be ok.
this is relating to the recall of american troops from abroad.
tragedy struck today as a charter aircraft carrying an army unit returning from duty in japan crashed this morning...
afl/ cio wanted him off the council of economic advisors for not supporting the pension bill, and the president's going to need labour next fall.
and state's still fuming about the trade office screw-up at the g-8.
stepped it up last summer after their son died of leukaemia.
you want to do something on the price that wives pay?
bob campbell's leaving, so midnight saturday anchor shift is opening up.
why would i want to give up the white house for a graveyard weekend...
jason says, "lie, lie, lie, till death do us part, blah, blah, blah,"
and she says yes, and he says yes, and it's kissy, kissy, kissy, and congratulations.
you'll get second row, centre, at the white house press conference.
now, from what i know of your career, that's a promotion.
and i'm trusting you because i know what this can do for your career.
it might seem that we have each other over the same barrel, ms lerner, but it just seems that way.
a few minutes ago the united states ambassadors to every country in the world told the leaders of those nations what i am about to tell you.
it's a bit complicated, so it will take some time, so i hope you will bear with me, hear what i have to say.
there was a remote possibility that the comet was on a path that could bring it into direct contact with the earth.
now... we get hit all the time by rocks and meteors, some of them the size of cars, some no bigger than your hand.
they're what's left over from the creation of the solar system after the planets were formed billions of years ago.
these chunks of space debris are in an elongated orbit around our sun, but every now and then one of them gets bumped like a billiard ball on a pool table and is knocked into a different orbit.
if this comet continues on its path around the sun and keeps its present course, sometime on august 16, roughly a year from now, there's a chance that we might have impact.
so for the past 8 months, the united states and russia have been building the largest spaceship ever constructed.
you were the last man to walk on the moon, weren't you?
yes, sir, but oren here will be doing most of the flying on this one.
is there a connection between the comet and the recall of american troops from abroad?
our fighting men and women are coming home because we felt it prudent, in light of domestic security concerns, to have them available.
upon first entering earth's atmosphere, proceed immediately up the exterior of the mother ship.
when the sun hits the surface, there's gonna be explosive outgassings that are very dangerous...
all i'm saying is, the moon did not have a rotational cycle of 14 hours.
i mean, we only have 7 hours of dark when the sun's not up to land on this thing.
you don't even really know who i am, which is ok.
i walked on the moon, but i didn't belong to you.
propelled by 500,000 pounds of liquid fuel, the shuttle crew heads toward their initial destination.
when the crew enters the "messiah", they will find a payload of 8 nuclear devices that will eventually be used to blow up the comet.
the interception of wolf-biederman and the setting of the nuclear devices that will deflect it off its collision course with earth.
but first, captain spurgeon tanner will have to guide the spacecraft through the blizzard of rocks, sand, and ice that make up the comet's tail, or coma.
on the mississippi river in mark twain's time, there were riverboat pilots who only knew a few miles of the river.
i mean, conditions changed so much, you couldn't know the whole trip.
...are images from cameras mounted inside the cargo bay of the "messiah".
now, these images are delayed by approximately 20 seconds, due to the distance they must travel.
the sun striking the comet will cause the temperature to rise 350 degrees in just a few minutes and activate the high-speed gas jets.
well, if that happens, it will be like trying to work in a minefield.
gus partenza, a native of harrisburg, pennsylvania, and graduate of carnegie-mellon university, joined the nasa space programme shortly after completing his medical training at duke university.
dr partenza was selected specifically for this mission, not only for his medical expertise, but also for his dedication to the advancement of space technology.
the "messiah's" exterior-mounted camera will show us the detonation, but not before being temporarily blocked out by the nuclear blast.
once again, let me remind you, there is a 20-second delay, so when the picture comes back to us, the comet should already have been knocked off its present course.
it is my unhappy duty to report to you that the "messiah" has failed.
this computer-enhanced radar image from houston shows how the detonation succeeded, however, did not destroy the comet.
if we can deflect these comets enough, they will bounce harmlessly off our atmosphere and head on out into space.
unfortunately, the titans cannot be launched until the comets are only a few hours away.
and while we are confident the missile attack will succeed, it is only prudent that we now take cautionary steps to ensure the continuation of our way of life, to guarantee that there will be enough of us left
to rebuild a new world in the unlikely event that the comets do strike the earth.
on august 10th, a computer will randomly select 800,000 americans to join the 200,000 scientists, doctors, engineers, teachers, soldiers, and artists, who have already been chosen.
other countries are preparing similar caves along whatever lines they feel are best to preserve their way of life.
"civil defence teams have been formed in every town with a population over 5,000."
"they will distribute supplies and organize group shelters in underground parking facilities and other appropriate sites."
we could go in with the evas, but there's not much left in the life-support packs.
we should be able to raise houston on the low band once we get closer.
i've given them my beautiful 18th-century desk from new england and all the sheraton silver.
i really feel like i'd protected something when i gave them.
across the country, looters continue to set fire to abandoned stores.
the fires have been left to burn since many firefighters have been called to help prepare shelters.
for now we see in a mirror dimly, but then face to face.
now i know in part, then i shall understand fully, even as i have been fully understood.
"several years ago, never mind how long precisely, having little or no money in my purse grim about the mouth..."
"whenever it is a damp, drizzly november in my soul, whenever i find myself knocking people's hats off, then i account it high time to get to sea as soon as i can."
so gather your things and follow me to the orientation gallery.
if you have been designated as a civilian section officer, report to section red 116 upon entering.
we have now confirmed the launch of all the titan missiles from their positions in north dakota and wyoming.
the comets are now approximately 14 hours outside of earth's atmosphere, and we are told it should take these missiles less than 20 minutes to reach their target.
if the world does go on... it will not go on for everyone.
we have now been able to calculate the comets' final trajectories, and we have determined where they're going to strike.
as it reaches shallow water, it's going to slow down, but the wave height, depending on the depth of the shelf off the coast, will be anywhere from 1,000 to 3,500 feet high.
where the land is flat, the wave will wash inland 600 to 700 miles.
if you have any means of getting away from the path of this wave, leave now.
the impact of the larger comet will be nothing less than an extinction-level event.
it will strike land in western canada 3 hours after biederman.
within a week, the skies will be dark with dust from the impact and they will stay dark for 2 years.
now, the outgassing has created a vent a half mile wide and at least 2 miles deep.
comet gets closer to the sun, sun melts the ice, ice turns to steam, we get a big hole, ok?
if we can get the remaining bombs in that vent, there shouldn't be anything left bigger than a suitcase.
we can't do anything about the little one, but it just might give them a chance.
without the arming codes, we're going to have to wait to set the bomb timers until we get closer to earth to raise houston.
we may not have enough life support left to get back into the cargo bay for the nukes, much less to go down to the comet.
we sure as hell don't have enough propellant left in the "messiah" to manoeuvre with.
how are we supposed to get back off the surface once we've gotten down there?
i thought if the wave comes, we should be here because she likes it here.
and we're on the 15th floor, so maybe we'll be ok.
people out there are living longer cos they're not killing each other.
this place stearns probably has one homicide cop to the whole town.
i am shocked by the vety notion of such a thing.
the case against detective meldrick lewis will be decided on its merits.
your lieutenant thinks otherwise, but al's problem is a lack of discipline.
if i was runnin' his shift, i'd be offering you a transfer out.
- not unless yours was an executive who blew his brains out.
josephine dalton was 46 years old, vice president of fayette securities.
after so many years, we wanted a place of our own.
did anyone else know about your relationship, anyone who may have wanted to blackmail kenneth?
mr alden's relationship with miss metzger is between the two of them.
even if they met here several times a week, which they often did,
even if i did, i'd have to keep it to myself.
our building policy says the ambassador cannot give out information about its residents.
cos when i said i'd shoot anything, i didn't... really mean anything.
do you know the man and the woman in these photos here?
when you blackmail somebody and you get caught, you're in a bit of trouble.
but if you blackmail somebody and they blow off the back of their head and you get caught, well, that's it.
you didn't even give them a chance to keep it quiet?
when a man is stripped bare, reduced to his basest form, shamed, well, then and only then is there a chance for renewal.
we have got er... more pictures here of dalton and alden.
these aren't the kind of pictures that you had taken, but these pictures exist because of the ones you had taken.
- if you listen carefully, detectives, a whisper at the bar will reveal who is weak.
the punch line of a joke will tell you who cheats, lies, steals.
for over a year now, i've compiled information, targeting those who needed intervention.
this week, eight other men and women in this club, men and women with families, were confronted.
but there wasn't any powder, so this guy, he shot him point-blank and then he put the gun in hill's hand, staged the suicide.
so maybe it was murder, but even if you know how it was done,
and hill told me that he was gonna expose that to my family unless i did everything that he asked me to do.
i know when it comes to something like that, he is a man of his word.
you and evety other man on the planet means it just like that.
it's the ultimate sexual thrill to see two women in bed together.
looks like it started in the kitchen then spilled out here.
i think he then got both of them outside and into mrs franklin's car.
i was with mick boyd... for the best part of ten years.
and every minute of every hour of that time, i was afraid.
the next thing i knew, she'd gone in there - in that house.
and i kept looking at this car outside, and hoping it wasn't my dad's, only it was.
when my mum was ill he never, even when she died, but gemma made him.
gemma said, "i don't want you, i don't love you," and he cried.
i know a guy who whines and cries until he finds a way to save everyone.
a man who takes a stand though it scars him from head to toe.
maybe you don't speak pillow, but trust me, that's what they'd say.
i think grace would agree with me when i say that this is... an extreme version of an idea that grace will now distill into a more refined, elegant essence.
you made it impossible for him to say that he liked it.
grace, don't you think it's possible, maybe, that he didn't like it, because you made some bad choices?
maybe you don't speak pillow, but trust me, that's what they'd say.
i think grace would agree with me when i say that this is... an extreme version of an idea that grace will now distill into a more refined, elegant essence.
you made it impossible for him to say that he liked it.
grace, don't you think it's possible, maybe, that he didn't like it, because you made some bad choices?
oh sure, i say one thing wrong and all of a sudden i can't go over there anymore.
you just said that you are tired from going over there.
look, before you go, i was in there hiding, but really thinking about what ray had said before.
and believe it or not, there's actually some truth to it.
well, i've been busy with... with ally's shoes and golf balls in the toilet.
you have to go over and see his new place, raymond,
and then ray came over and he kind of liked the place.
and for once, i had something that he thought was something.
well, i've been busy with-- with ally's shoes and golf balls in the toilet.
you have to go over and see his new place, raymond,
oh sure, i say one thing wrong and all of a sudden i can't go over there anymore.
you just said that you are tired from going over there.
i was in there hiding, but really thinking about what ray had said before.
and believe it or not, there's actually some truth to it.
shakespeare, dickens, the romantics, and your favorite, the read everybody's talking about, beowulf.
- i will be hosting a study session in this classroom at 3:00.
- gauging our level of sexual expertise is not really my idea of joy abounding.
- don't think i don't know where this is going, pacey witter.
- jen, is there a particular reason why you're not receptive to my wily charms?
- other than the fact that you emit them regularly to any skirt within a 6-mile radius?
we keep extra suits in the guest room, and the kitchen's that way if you get hungry.
sounds like we're going to get a lot of studying done.
- look, i'm going to need your help with our attention deficit host, okay?
there's no way i can expend energy rounding up the both of you.
why did i take you more for the national geographic type?
- you've got to be kidding me! "how pure are you?" god, talk about an open can of worms.
chris clocked in with the least pure score of 66%, jen is a close second with 69%,
joey and dawson bring us up the scale with a matching level of 85%, and i round us up with a 92%.
i just want to follow my feelings and not discuss it.
we run it into the ground and... don't you just want to have something left to just experience?
not all kisses are magic, and most boys do not live up to your expectations,
but there are those times when everything, i mean love, romance, relationships, it all falls together perfectly and it's incredible.
- all i've been thinking about lately is how much i want to take back our first kiss.
how much i would pay to just let you climb through that window.
but then i think about everything that kiss brought into my life.
what it was like to look at you and know not just what you were thinking, but also what you were feeling because i was feeling the same thing,
- dawson, the 2 times i feel in love, on the test, they were both you.
i mean, the first time i fell was for my friend, the dawson i grew up with, the boy across the creek, and the second time was after we kissed.
shakespeare, dickens, the romantics, and your favorite, the read everybody's talking about, beowulf.
- i will be hosting a study session in this classroom at 3:00.
- gauging our level of sexual expertise is not really my idea of joy abounding.
- don't think i don't know where this is going, pacey witter.
- jen, is there a particular reason why you're not receptive to my wily charms?
- other than the fact that you emit them regularly to any skirt within a 6-mile radius?
we keep extra suits in the guest room, and the kitchen's that way if you get hungry.
sounds like we're going to get a lot of studying done.
- look, i'm going to need your help with our attention deficit host, okay?
there's no way i can expend energy rounding up the both of you.
why did i take you more for the national geographic type?
- you've got to be kidding me! "how pure are you?" god, talk about an open can of worms.
chris clocked in with the least pure score of 66%, jen is a close second with 69%,
joey and dawson bring us up the scale with a matching level of 85%, and i round us up with a 92%.
i just want to follow my feelings and not discuss it.
we run it into the ground and... don't you just want to have something left to just experience?
not all kisses are magic, and most boys do not live up to your expectations,
but there are those times when everything, i mean love, romance, relationships, it all falls together perfectly and it's incredible.
- all i've been thinking about lately is how much i want to take back our first kiss.
how much i would pay to just let you climb through that window.
but then i think about everything that kiss brought into my life.
what it was like to look at you and know not just what you were thinking, but also what you were feeling because i was feeling the same thing,
- dawson, the 2 times i feel in love, on the test, they were both you.
i mean, the first time i fell was for my friend, the dawson i grew up with, the boy across the creek, and the second time was after we kissed.
the enemy will remain in the chin'toka system until we destroy them.
i'd offer you a glass, but i know you dislike kanar.
i came back here to clear my head, to figure out what to do next.
maybe learning the truth about my mother... is the first step of this journey.
would your government allow us to set up a hospital there?
too many wounded are dying on the way back to romulus.
that was my last batch but then i got to thinking.
maybe i'll take a couple of sacks tomorrow on the runabout, give me something to do on the way to tyree.
they think the disappearance of the prophets heralds a new era for bajor.
i don't suppose i can talk you out of going to tyree.
i don't know what to do about it, how to make it right again.
i've failed as the emissary, and for the first time in my life i've failed as a starfleet officer.
if the romulans were the only thing standing between us and annihilation,
i'd still hesitate to let them have a military presence on the station.
i wouldn't trust a cardassian that didn't enjoy a glass of "kanar. "
when you're alone, do you even bother with a glass, or do you drink that swill from the bottle?
i don't understand why the prophets would send you a vision of sarah.
i came back here to clear my head, to figure out what to do next.
maybe learning the truth about my mother is the first step of this journey.
from here on out, i hope the prophets keep their noses out of my business.
that was my last batch but then i got to thinking.
maybe i'll take a couple of sacks tomorrow on the runabout, give me something to do on the way to tyree.
they think the disappearance of the prophets heralds a new era for bajor.
i don't suppose i can talk you out of going to tyree.
i don't know what to do about it, how to make it right again.
i've failed as the emissary, and for the first time in my life i've failed as a starfleet officer.
i wouldn't trust a cardassian that didn't enjoy a glass of "kanar."
when you're alone, do you even bother with a glass, or do you drink that swill from the bottle?
i don't understand why the prophets would send you a vision of sarah.
i came back here to clear my head, to figure out what to do next.
maybe learning the truth about my mother is the first step of this journey.
from here on out, i hope the prophets keep their noses out of my business.
would your government allow us to set up a hospital there?
too many wounded are dying on the way back to romulus.
our ancient ancestors were just as obsessed with inventing new ways of looking good and turning each other on as we are, today.
for example, pharaoh's slaves once went on strike because they ran out of makeup.
and, when it comes to finding ways to improve our sex lives, our ancestors came up with a good many inventions modern man has only just rediscovered.
the female condom the pregnancy tester, yes, and even the oral contraceptive believe it or not, they're all ancient inventions.
in most of the ancient civilizations that have left any record of what they did, it appears that rubbing noses or cheeks was the commonest form of greeting and pressing the lips together was an action reserved for mother and child.
so, i suppose the ancient syrians would have regarded this as nursery behavior.
the ancient romans, however were so excited by the idea of kissing that they invented a whole new vocabulary for it.
ah, now that's what they called a basiam, a polite kissing of the hand.
and, that's still a basiam, a little peck on the cheek.
but, that's an osculum, meant a pretty mouth, a sweet mouth and was usually reserved between close relatives.
so, i have to confess, i was a bit shocked to discover that sexual intercourse has, in fact, been going on for several thousands of years.
and, as far as sexual enlightenment is concerned, the 1960s were the dark ages compared to some more ancient times.
in many oriental cultures for example, ecstasy was considered a sacred duty.
since sexual pleasure led you to a higher spiritual plane, religious leaders had to teach their followers how to perform this sacred duty.
these temples, built in kadurau in central india around a thousand years ago, are adorned with erotic sculptures.
they depict all aspects of life including the joy of sex.
in a way, i suppose you could say they were a sort of sex manual carved in stone.
but, they were hardly the sort of thing you could take to bed with you where you probably needed them most.
these illustrations show just a few of the hundreds of sexual positions recommended in the kamasutra.
but, it was not simply a manual for sexual technique, it also recommended ways to improve relationships and included tips on housewifery and even styles of walking.
on the 14th of november, 1365 bc, the construction workers working on the temple for ramses iii went on strike.
and, the reason they went on strike is because they ran out of makeup.
now, this may seem a bit odd, but, in fact, makeup was the central part of the tool kit of any construction worker in ancient egypt.
the reason, of course, is because they were working all day long under the hot sun.
as a matter of fact, ancient egyptian men wore just as much makeup as did women.
we don't know if the egyptians invented makeup, but they were certainly the first to thoroughly document it.
a healthy complexion was ensured in the afterlife, by burying hand cosmetic kits alongside their sarcophagi.
cleanliness was considered next to godliness and so was hairlessness which is why the ancient egyptians used to shave themselves all over.
the first purpose designed razors were made from bronze and date back over 5,000 years.
now, the only snag was that the egyptians also adored a fancy hairdo, so they invented a method of having it both ways.
the first ever known wigs were depicted in egyptian tomb paintings 4,600 years ago.
they used human hair and wool for the more costly wigs.
but, they also invented artificial hair, fashioned from the fiber of date palm branches.
and, if you couldn't afford that you get a cheap one made from straw.
the egyptians would have to wait until the time of alexander the great for the first powder compact.
oh, actually, the powder wasn't for putting on the face, see, it was for polishing the mirror something like that.
like anything to do with sex, makeup has become big business.
but, there are plenty of other ways of cashing in on our obsession.
and, for sheer cheek, i think i'd give the prize to the man who invented the beauty parlor.
he was called zeriab which meant blackbird, and he set up the world's first beauty parlor in cordoba, the capitol of moorish spain in 823 ad.
zeriab was a sort of a vidal sassoon of his day.
but, he was also a poet, a musician and a great innovator in all aspects of lifestyle.
for example, he invented the idea of the three course meal and he revolutionized the world of fashion by inventing new hairstyles, including, it is said, the fringe.
but, zeriab's innovative mind ran all over the female body in a manner of speaking.
and yet, excavations in the ancient greek city of pernumin revealed one building with a fully plumbed in shower unit.
and, this painting from a vase of the 4th century bc shows four rather athletic looking greek ladies enjoying a communal shower with water gushing through nozzles shaped like animal heads from an overhead tank.
well, you're feeling good, you're looking good, but you've got to smell good, too.
and, one of the most successful inventions to do with sex was the invention of perfume.
the invention of perfume occurred long before man began to record such things.
this painting, from pompeii of little cherubs manufacturing highly prized exotic fragrances shows that the romans were using techniques that have not changed for thousands of years.
plants, flowers, resins and other materials were crushed, strained and soaked in water fats or oils.
it was all very labor intensive and could take up to six months to produce one fragrance.
but then, in 870 ad, the world of perfume manufacture was revolutionized by an arab invention, distillation.
the alembic condenser meant that perfumiers could extract the very purest essence of a fragrance on an industrial scale.
the crushed rose petals, or whatever are boiled in the bottom chamber.
the process of evaporation separates the essential oils from the water.
the steam rises up to the second chamber where it is rapidly cooled by cold water.
the steam condenses into droplets that flow down a tube and are collected at the base, leaving pure rose oil floating on the surface of distilled water.
it took 10,000 pounds of roses to produce just one pound of rose oil.
and yet, the arab factories produced so much of it, they were able to send a annual tribute of 30,000 bottles to the caliph of baghdad.
a cone of fat, impregnated with perfume was balanced on the head.
during the warm evening the fat melted, drenching the wearer in scent that got more intense the longer the party lasted.
it is possibly the only diplomatic incident in history to be caused by perfume.
but, a bit of slap, a dab of scent and a new hairdo can only do so much for a chap.
young men were expected to go to the gym every day.
pumping iron is another invention we owe to the classical world.
perhaps, surprisingly, the gym was not an all men preserve, in ancient rome, although the satyrus juvenile was pretty snooty about women that exercised.
their sort of woman is a regular visitor to the baths.
she loves the bustle of sweat and when she has tired her arms of dumbbells, it is the turn of the masseur to oil her body, finishing up with a resounding slap.
incidentally, this sicilian wall painting from the 4th century ad shows that other great, classical invention, the bikini.
the 20th century seems to have elevated physical beauty into a competitive sport in its own right, but the beauty contest is as old as history.
it was invented, according to greek mythology, when the gods asked the shepherd, paris, to decide who was the fairest goddess,
helen's husband took a dim view of this offer and, thus, the world's first beauty contest ended up in a bloody war.
according to the historical record the forerunner of the modern beauty contest first took place over 3,000 years ago on the greek island of lesbos.
but, in ancient greece, beauty was even more of a boy's thing than a girl's.
the greeks may be best known for inventing the olympic games, but they also invented the mr. universe contest.
one of them, held in the city of elias, was known as the battle of the beautiful.
in the panathenaic games, held once every four years in the parthenon in athens, there was another contest known as the urandrias or fine manliness.
being out of shape and unattractive was consequently considered a vice.
sex has been the motivation for a lot of inventions, although in some cases you'd never have guessed it.
for example, the world's first mechanical clock was not invented to tell the time.
it was invented to regulate the sex life of the emperor of china.
in the ancient china of the t'ang dynasty, in the 8th century ad, the emperor's heir was not necessarily his firstborn son.
the heir was chosen by the court astrologist according to his astrological suitability.
and, for the chinese, the most important thing, astrologically was not when the child was born, but when he was conceived.
so, the timing of the emperor's lovemaking was vital matter of state importance.
the exact moment of the conception of each child had to be witnessed and recorded.
but, this was complicated by the fact that he shared his marital bed with no less than 121 women, not all at the same time, of course.
and, that was another problem because there was a strict order in which the women of the court should attend the emperor's bed.
it all had to be monitored in the most minute detail.
the 81 assistant concubines would visit in tour groups of nine for nine nights running.
then, the principle concubines all 27 of them, attend for the next three nights in groups of nine and, then, the nine lessor royal spouses followed by the three royal wives.
the whole mechanism was powered by a carefully controlled flow of water which turned a wheel.
as each bucket fills, it triggers a counterweight lever to release the wheel so that the next bucket can fill.
this tiny mechanism is known as escapement and is the principle behind the regulation of every mechanical clock.
with each click of this escapement, power is transmitted through a series of connecting lugs and gears to tell the rings in the celestial globe.
and, just like the hands of a clock these rings record the hours of the day, but they also record the days of the week, phases of the moon and the movements of the stars.
i suppose it must have been the first time mankind had ever heard this familiar sound.
mechanical clocks didn't appear in the west until the 14th century when they were built in monasteries so that monks could keep track of their prayers.
i suppose it's typical of christianity that it adopted the clock not to time sex, but to time celibacy.
however, there's one trade where time and sex have always meant money.
in athens, in the 3rd century bc there was a prostitute who went by the name of clepsydra.
now, clepsydra used to time her clients with this ingenious little invention.
she had a series of bowls, each with a different sized hole drilled in the bottom.
a session lasted just as long the bowl stayed afloat, quarter of an hour, half an hour depending on the size of the hole.
once you heard this noise, your time was up, no matter where you'd got to.
in fact, that's why her clients called her clepsydra, because clepsydra is the greek for the water clock.
here, in the ancient greek city of ephesis, on the west coast of turkey,
in classical times, ephesis was a thriving port and had its full quota of exactly the sort of things st. paul would have disapproved of.
there's probably always been a sex industry and its come up with its fair share of inventions.
on the one hand, it's a perfectly ordinary street sign saying this way to the brothel.
for example, here's the left foot showing it's on the left hand side of the street and a picture of a young maiden and underneath an inscription follow me.
in fact, in ancient greece if you wanted to see a live sex show, you'd have probably gone down to the local temple.
in certain religious rituals, members of the public would pay to watch couples celebrating their devotion by frolicking naked in sacred pools.
even further back in ancient babylon, the priestesses of the cult of ishtar sold their sexual favors to the faithful.
not surprisingly, the cult became hugely popular and made so much money that the priestesses went on to invent the world's first bank.
rome, itself, had 45 public brothels which were so popular, the city authorities had to restrict opening times until mid-afternoon so as not to interfere with the working day.
they even kept an official prostitute register with over 32,000 recorded in the 1st century ad.
just point at your preference lie back and think of england or fraser or delmatia or wherever you came from.
roman bureaucracy was always trying to come up with new ways of regulating the sex industry and here's one of them.
you see, the roman troops might find themselves in some godforsaken spot like the sahara desert or london unable to speak the lingo of the local madam.
so, the back room boys, back at the military research center in rome came up with this ingenious device.
the romans had invented a price scale for sex that still holds true.
the ancient brothel keepers may have invented lots of ways of making sex public, but most people are usually more concerned with the problems of keeping it private.
the majority of activities all took place in one large room, eating, entertaining, talking, sleeping, even making love.
and, the best you could manage for privacy would be a curtain or a folding screen.
even if you were rich enough to be able to afford a separate room of your own, the concept of privacy was still pretty notional.
right up to the 1800s, even the grandest families lived in homes in which one room led directly into another.
of course, that's one reason for the popularity of the four poster bed.
with all those servants and visitors tramping through your bedroom all hours of the night, at least you could curtain them off.
the modern age of privacy was ushered in by one extraordinary invention, in particular.
in fact, you might be rather surprised to think of it as an invention.
and, the really odd thing about the corridor is that it's not an ancient invention.
the first corridors, like this don't appear until the late 17th century.
it may be that our obsession with privacy is relatively recent and that the corridor is a prime example of an invention that doesn't happen until there's a real, social demand for it to happen.
while we're on the subject of privacy an archeological mystery in the last century, centered around these things.
the lock actually relies on two pegs one acting as a bolt on the inside of the door with a string dangling back through the keyhole.
to unlock the door, the bolt string colored purple, is threaded through the key peg which is then slotted through the keyhole.
pulling on the two strings jams the key peg up against the bolt and slides the bolt back into the door frame.
let go of the strings and, hey presto, just push open your door.
now, pheromones are something our ancestors seemed to know all about and we have only just rediscovered.
in ancient rome, women didn't just admire their sporting heroes, they actually wanted a piece of them.
the glop that was scraped off was collected by the cosmetic manufacturers and turned into a face pack to be worn by wealthy ladies.
the idea was that the strength and vitality of the gladiator would be transferred to the aging
and aphrodisiac is the name we still use for any preparation designed to stimulate the sex drive.
tea, however, was by no means the only aphrodisiac on the market.
in fact, when it came to aphrodisiacs our ancestors were peculiarly inventive.
the greeks, for instance, made a potion from the sex glands of horses and the syrians recommended half a dried lizard, ground up and taken with honey for breakfast.
the chinese preferred rhino horn and the private parts of tigers.
the chinese, in particular, may have a lot to teach modern medicine.
in 1927, western scientists announced to the world that they had found a way to mass produce these molecules, human sexual hormones, a discovery that would revolutionize human fertility treatments.
what they didn't realize was that the chinese already knew all about this, 2,200 years ago.
in fact, they both used exactly the same source material, human urine.
by evaporating vast quantities of urine, sometimes up to 200 gallons at a time, the chinese were able to produce just a few ounces of these valuable, salt crystals.
the crystals contained a concentration of human steroids and the sex hormones, estrogen progesterone and testosterone.
the resulting preparations were widely used to boost fertility, increase sexual potency, treat various sexual disorders and, in some cases, even to encourage the growth of beards.
the swinging '60s were only possible because of the huge advances in contraception that set women and men free to make love for the first time in history, without the fear of unwanted pregnancies.
well, yes, except that even with contraception nothing is as new as we think.
according to legend, king of minos of crete produced sperm that was laced with scorpions and poisonous snakes.
for some accountable reason, however he still managed to get women to go to bed with him.
but, before entering his bedchambers they were give a prophylactic to protect them from his deadly sperm.
the female condom, it seems, was in existence in pre-classical times.
casanova, the famous venetian librarian the once seducer of over 10,000 women, was so proud of his sheep's bladder condom that he described it in loving detail in his autobiography.
it is a little coat of very fine transparent skin, eight inches long with a pink ribbon slotted through the open end.
it could be used again and again and in casanova's case, again.
four thousand years ago, the muddy banks of the nile provided a breakthrough in the science of contraception, a substance the ancient egyptians were prepared to risk their necks to gather.
it was then rolled into a pessary and apparently proved an effective means of avoiding pregnancy.
well, i suppose it would have been a bit of a disincentive to amorous activity, but it also worked on a physiological level.
modern science has discovered that the acids from crocodile dung are actually powerful spermicides.
although, how egyptian women first discovered crocodile dung had these properties i simply can't imagine.
anyway, reptilian excrement was not the only contraceptive available to the ancients.
the spread of christianity, at the end of the roman era around 500 ad, ensured that any areas of knowledge that were regarded as pagan or unchristian was suppressed.
she was an enthusiastic collector of ancient inventions for herbal remedies including traditional recipes for contraceptives.
here, abbess hildegard is preparing a herbal infusion of tansy and feverfew.
these particular herbs and others like juniper and rue have been used throughout recorded history to bring on menstruation, in effect, a sort of morning after pill.
but, there were a vast array of other plants used by our ancestors to avoid pregnancy, such as this one, queen anne's lace also known as cow parsnip.
the seeds have been found to contain estrogenic substances known as teratogens that will stop an embryo from developing.
and, wild yam which has been used as a contraceptive for centuries by the chiapas indians, of
mexico, contains the female hormone progesterone, which is known to prevent ovulation.
in fact, progesterone extracted from wild yam, is actually used, today, in the industrial manufacture of some brands of the modern pill.
not only were all contraceptives widely available to the ancients, they actually had a thriving international trade in them.
this greek painting shows the gathering of a plant called sylphiam.
it was shipped all over the mediterranean for use in medicine and as an oral contraceptive.
indeed, it was so popular, it was harvested to extinction and its chemical properties remain a mystery to modern science.
plants also provide another good example of how knowledge can get lost.
the babylonians knew that the sap of certain plants changed color according to its ph value, that is, according to our acidic or alkaline, it was.
now, a clay tablet dated about 700 bc describes how the doctors of babylon soaked strips of cloth in the sap of an unidentified white flower dissolved in alum.
they would then take these strips of cloth and use them as a sort of a litmus paper to test the acidity of a woman's urine.
the ancient babylonians had pregnancy tests almost identical to these modern devices nearly 3,000 years ago.
anthropologists tell us that mankind's oldest invention was probably devised to meet the needs of mother and child.
and so, the very first inventor of all was probably a woman.
it's so easy to think we're discovering something for the first time, like sex itself, in the 1960s.
and yet, all to often, what we think is a modern invention is really something that our ancestors knew and that we had forgotten.
(richard) if you're listening to my voice, you'll have bought the new "top gear" dvd and you're in for a great time in front of the telly.
we'll also reveal the secrets of how to be a "top gear"presenter.
and we'll relive some of the stig's finest moments, along with some of our un-finest.
and finally mr l kyle of sykes farm, crummock, has five jacob ewes ready to go now.
when you start out in radio and tv, things don't always work out the way you'd hoped.
now, "top gear", that's definitely a bit of a step up.
where else does a day in the office involve two miles of deserted beach and three hugely powerful sports cars?
it's not bad, but it simply doesn't have the exuberance of the jaguar or the poise of the porsche.
however, maybe things would be different in a straight-line drag race.
this isn't so much a test of how fast the car goes, but how able you are to hold it in a straight line on what feels more like sheet ice.
i can feel it snatching and grabbing as it gets grip and then loses it.
(jeremy) let's not forget that the bmw is the most spacious car here, with the largest rear seats and biggest boot.
it's also the cheapest by 6,000 and it will look good in the pringle-ised world of your local golf club.
here, though, at britain's birthplace of speed, it is completely outclassed.
to find out if my colleagues shared this view, we peeled off for a cup of tea.
so, chaps, if it were your money, you had to go out and buy one of those cars, big two-door coup, what's it gonna be?
for its drive, and it is so far ahead of the jaguar, i'd have to have the 911.
you're using an immense amount of fuel but it's all yours.
the worry for me would be if you bought the 911, at some point you'll be on a country road driving, you'll look in your mirror, see one of those jags and think, "no!"
it may not do much to get baby lambs adopted, but "top gear" is definitely the best job in the world.
and this is the heart of it, the "top gear" bunker, at a secret location in somewhere or other.
think of this as q's workshop... without the money or the gadgets or the technical expertise.
it may be the best job in the world, but it's not an easy one to get.
it's got one of the most formidable bobsleigh runs in the world.
a downhill course of twists and turns stretching for almost two kilometres.
even so, a crack bobsleigh team can get down this run in just under a minute, with the bobsleigh itself hitting 80mph.
that speed comes at a price for the passengers because each member of the team is subjected to cornering forces of 5g, more than an f1 driver suffers.
to make things even more arduous, we're gonna have a race.
we've come to lillehammer because alongside the bobsleigh run is this road.
they start in the same place, run down the hill and finish in the same place.
the road is almost exactly the same length as the bob run, and like the bob run it's slippery, dangerous and full of difficult corners.
all you've got to get from there to there is gravity.
i've got 300 horsepower and a huge turbocharger and 420 spikes in each tyre and gravity to get down there.
one, two, three... (richard) the bobsleigh's chance of victory depends on how good our start is.
that means intense preparation for me and the norwegian bobsleigh team.
i couldn't see the funny side of it because i was worried about letting the team down.
any time you lose here, a second, is multiplied by three at the bottom, so that's three seconds.
apparently in a couple of places down there it hits 6.5g.
a driver told me he's been doing this six years and he's 3cm shorter.
our ace rally driver could hardly speak any english, but that didn't stop james giving him a patronising british pep talk.
right, henning, it's the reputation of internal combustion resting on your shoulders for the next minute or so.
that's exactly what happened when james and i had an epic race with jeremy from our studios here in guildford all the way down to monte carlo.
us on a train, him in an aston martin, last one there's a wettie.
it's as bang up-to-date and as modern and as clean and as crisp as the departure lounge at a swiss airport.
by the time the boys had walked the two miles to the bus stop, i'd covered 40.
i'm about to get on the seacat, which will get me to france in 60 minutes.
before i get on, i have one concern about the car.
but in my lifetime astons have been very british cars, big, heavy, dark, green, like jet-propelled stately homes, merlin engine shire horses, and i'm not sure this is.
it may be a good car, it may well be a great car, but is it an aston?
have you ever seen a more stupid place to put it?
i suppose jeremy could have a pasty or a pork pie.
what a place to put it when you're in a race.
we brought a sophisticated tracking device that will enable us to see where jeremy is at any time in his aston and plot his speed and course.
no backache, i'm not uncomfortable, i'm not tired, my ears aren't bleeding.
so this car is as comfortable as an aston should be.
however, when you pull one of the paddles, like so, it changes down.
pull it again, blips the engine, drops it into third and then you're off!
now that i'm in the south on the twisty motorway going up to monte carlo, the car's changed from a comfortable long-distance cruiser into being this kind of savage sports car.
it feels like a brute, which is exactly what an aston should feel like.
(richard) with 100 miles to go, the train slows down along the coast and the gap is starting to shrink.
at nice, even though we're just 15 miles from monte carlo, we need to make another train change.
it's a proper, pukka, hundred per cent, real, fabulous, glorious, exquisite, magnificent aston martin.
if you want to get to monte carlo slightly faster than on a train, buy an aston martin.
today is a quiet day at the "top gear" test track.
so the stig is keeping its hand in by hammering out a few laps in a noble m400.
it's never gonna get you a great lap time, but it sure is fantastic to look at.
what we're doing is make life as hard as possible and see how it behaves in extreme circumstances.
you get two camshafts, one for economy and one for power.
and there's a lotus computer which manages the transition between the two.
and despite the rather steep 30,000 price tag, nor is sophistication.
certainly you don't look very sophisticated when you're getting out of it.
but all these things are optional extras and so are the carpets and even the sun visors.
to get an idea of just how spartan this thing is, you need to look through the rear window.
it's not the fastest helicopter in the world, it'll only do 163mph, and nor is it the most manoeuvrable.
but it is the ugliest and it does pack the deadliest punch.
it carries 12 hellfire missiles, 72 rockets, and has a cannon which points wherever the pilot is looking and fires ten high-explosive rounds a second.
the thing that interests me most about the apache, though, is its radar.
you can pop up from behind a tree or a hill 8km away.
it'll have a look at the battlefield, it'll recognise 256 targets, prioritise the 16 most dangerous at that given moment and destroy all of them.
the best helicopter gunship in the world, flown by the best pilots, the british army against the best-handling car in the world, driven by an idiot.
they'd win easily if they went a long way away, but we've instructed the pilots to stay within the confines of the track.
there was one occasion a while ago when i had to do a birthday tribute to the renault espace... and i had a good idea to sort of liven things up.
(richard) you can't say a car has really arrived until it gets its own classic racing series.
it should also be a good laugh, especially when you see what's taking part.
as well as two espaces, we've got the toyota space cruiser, a car once described by consumer experts as "highly unstable".
and finally the nissan serena, for many years britain's slowest-accelerating car, with a 0-to-60 time of 28 agonising seconds.
all of them picked up for a few hundred quid apiece.
we really want to put this race series on the map.
to show we're not messing about, we've got some serious driving talent.
i'm using the toyota to steer the espace, countering my terrible understeer problems.
this is not obviously a usual way to drive a family vehicle.
now, those humble mpvs teach us another lesson about being a "top gear" presenter.
you don't always need the most expensive supercars to get the best stories.
we proved that when we tried to buy three porsches for scrapyard money and then keep them going.
this is exchange square, in the heart of europe's biggest financial district.
our progress was good for, ooh, another two miles and then it was james's turn to grind the convoy to a halt with a puncture.
guys, who thought this was a sensible idea, to buy three porsches?
happily, the brave men of brixton helped us fix it and once again we were under way, although a little behind schedule.
in fact, we'd set off six hours earlier and we were still in south london and things were still going wrong.
then we were told to spend the change from our 1,500 quid on doing the cars up.
that was a problem for jeremy because he'd blown all 1,500 quid on his rubbish 928 and it arrived in brighton on a low-loader, which meant he had to get it going first and then do it up on a budget of nothing.
to be brutally honest, my car, with its v6 and  engine and automatic gearbox, can't do smoking starts, so i'll have to be ingenious.
the life remaining in that car can now be calculated in yards.
if you want sound car-buying advice from experts with a combined 40 years of motoring journalism, look elsewhere.
but no one can say we don't test a car properly.
these transformers can generate almost two million volts of pure electricity.
but today they're going to use that electricity for something else.
car firms don't test for lightning strikes, so i've no idea how it'll go.
right, my life is now in the hands of "a" level physics.
our plan is to drive a car behind the 747 when the engines are at full power.
the question is, how far can the engines blow the car off course?
it's crucial that we release the car at exactly the right time.
if these engines run at full thrust for more than 20 seconds, they'll start to rip up the runway.
ok, the engines are at full power and here comes the mondeo.
can they blow this one-and-a-half-ton car off course from 50 yards away?
always remember it's the car and not you that's the star.
nothing proves that better than this, the legendary toyota pick-up, the car that refused to die.
(jeremy) for 1,000, we got a 13-year-old hilux diesel which had done 190,000 miles.
judging by the state of it, only ten of them had been done on the road.
when we get a porsche to test we find out how fast it goes.
when we get a renault mgane we find out how safe it is.
we haven't made any mechanical alterations to the car at all.
we picked it up from the farmyard and brought it here.
soon we left the city centre and went to the seaside.
i'd tried careless driving so i thought i'd try a spot of careless parking.
very kindly, they waded out to see if they could find it, but it had gone and it didn't turn up until the tide had gone out five hours later.
the silt had jammed the steering lock and the cylinders were flooded with sea water.
to give you an idea of just how strong this car still is, look what we've got here.
it's used to fell skyscrapers, but look what happens when you thump it into the car.
after that, james made an even more spectacular attempt at killing it.
he put it on top of a tower block that was about to be demolished.
the porsche 911 range is one of the world's great unfathomables.
let me try and explain it to you in basic english.
does not inspire me to get out of bed in the morning.
we are standing on a huge mound of crap that used to be our future.
are particularly bothered by the young, whining children on the premises.
so, why don't my friend and i rent two more rooms,
agonizing over whether you could change your mind by just reading the stuff,
or whether, somehow, you had to go out and do it.
i never loved anybody as much as i love those girls.
i can sit and stare at them for hours while they read a book.
that lunatic in heaven played a really bad joke on us.
he took that place in women where pleasure and desire and the reproductive system...
that's okay, though... because as a couple, we average at normal size!
hi, i'm ray, and i live here in long island with my wife, debra... my 6-year-old daughter and twin 2-year-old boys.
as a boy, sports was the only way i could connect with my father.
the first game he took me to was at yankee stadium when i was eight.
i'm hoping sports will bring me closer to someone else in my life.
the person who will be sitting next to me reading this.
that's okay, though... because as a couple, we average at normal size!
hi, i'm ray, and i iive here in long island with my wife, debra... my 6-year-oid daughter and twin 2-year-oid boys.
as a boy, sports was the only way i couid connect with my father.
the first game he took me to was at yankee stadium when i was eight.
i'm hoping sports will bring me closer to someone else in my iife.
the person who will be sitting next to me reading this.
harm transferred to the navy's judge advocate general corps, which investigates, defends and prosecutes the law of the sea.
there, with fellow jag lawyer major sarah mackenzie, he now fights in and out of the courtroom with the same daring and tenacity that made him a top gun in the air.
he offered to go to her division officer and recommend, rather than writing her up and sending her to captain's mast, he restrict her liberty and give her extra military instruction.
well, that way, it would be kept off her record book.
the master chief's a good friend to all enlisted personnel, men and women.
if anyone came to him with a problem, he generally found a way to fix it.
he landed short, caught the number one wire, damn near snapped the nose gear.
tell me how you really feel about petty officer douglas, sir.
once onboard, her record was excellent, until she screwed up, ma'am.
did the command master chief attempt to intercede on her behalf?
no, a thing like this, no matter how it ends up, people are gonna think i did something that i didn't do.
if the complaint is false, do you have any idea why petty officer douglas would file it?
major, the average age of the crew on the seahawk is 21 years old.
like a lot of young sailors, she just didn't handle it very well, ma'am.
that book you're talking about was written by politicians and lawyers.
sure, they throw a few rights to the accused, but you and i both know that once you're accused, your career is basically over.
the one that told me that i just didn't get it.
i think you people most definitely have an axe to grind.
i'm retired, commander, so i get to say whatever i want.
when i was in the navy, i did it the navy way.
now, the brass wanted to bring the women along, so i did my damnedest to comply.
i didn't like it then and i don't like it now.
but i also wanna get something to eat because i'm hungry.
so i was thinking maybe i could take you to dinner.
two others who are on active duty denied ever being approached.
and the fifth, which is a reservist, says that she will not come forward voluntarily.
and if this verdict goes against him, this list will become public.
one man will not take the blame for the sins of others.
oh, but it's all right just to say whatever pops into your mind?
i think it's important when two people love one another that they're honest, yeah.
i don't like the fact that you tease me about my star trek stuff.
and i don't like the fact that you get jealous every time a man just looks at me.
your husband was a friend of my father's, mrs. ross, well-respected and an excellent officer.
now, why would he resign one year short of a full retirement?
i brought a woman home one night late from an embassy reception in hong kong.
she spent the night with me in my under way cabin.
but i've been thinking about that stuff for a long time and it kind of just popped out.
hey, bud, your problem is you don't know how to fight.
bud, nothing with a woman is ever great all the time.
hell, you're lucky if you get five good days a month.
you waltz in here telling me that i have a dead white criminal brother, who was in a band, which the last time they played anywhere were charged with grand larceny reckless endangerment, felonious motor vehicle assault over 700 violations of the highway traffic act and damages, both public and private in excess of $24 million.
and you are asking me if i want to join this band?
what would you say to my putting the band back together?
i'd say i've got a good business here and i'm not going back to jail.
turned in to lost-and-found in a paper bag with this note.
i want a felony theft warrant put out on elwood blues.
those goons are orphan remnants of the post-perestroika soviet secret police who twisted the well-intentioned, original marxist-leninist doctrine using state security, which was corrupted by beria in the '30s.
once a mass populace is coerced into such behavior a radical shift, like glasnost, produces guys like headless automata who continue the brutish measures to which their genes were programmed since the fall of the romanovs.
- "boy, you on fire - "you know you can get anything i got
- "two take for two - "i got the money if you got the time
matt, this is something i really don't want you to do.
for heaven's sake, if this is what you'll be like to live with, go ahead.
now the devil drivers' star, rick avery does the triple-ramp loop through the ring of fire!
now the county fair is proud to present tonight's musical entertainment the kentucky bluegrass brothers!
"that old cowpoke went ridin' out one dark and windy day
"upon a ridge he rested as he went along his way
"their faces gaunt, their eyes were blurred their shirts all soaked with sweat
"they're ridin' hard to catch that herd but they ain't caught 'em yet
walk away now and you walk away from your skills, your vocations leaving our youth with nothing but digitally-sampled techno grooves quasi-synth rhythms, pseudo songs of violence-laden gangster rap acid pop and saccharine, soulless slush.
depart now and you separate yourselves from the vital legacies of robert johnson, muddy waters, willie dixon jimmy reed, memphis slim, blind boy fuller louis jordan, little walter, big walter, sonny boy williamson one and two otis redding, jackie wilson, elvis presley and robert k. weiss.
we do blues, rhythm and blues jazz, funk, soul, we can handle rock, pop, country, heavy metal, hip-hop, rap, motown, operetta and show tunes.
in fact, we've even been called upon to do a polka.
and now our final band of the evening from chicago, illinois the blues brothers show band!
has not been, nor ever will be, in this band's repertoire.
when i raise my left hand, i want to hear the applause for the blues brothers.
when i raise my right hand, i want to hear the applause for the louisiana gator boys.
you waltz in here telling me that i have a dead white criminal brother, who was in a band, which the last time they played anywhere were charged with grand larceny reckless endangerment, felonious motor vehicle assault over 700 violations of the highway traffic act and damages, both public and private in excess of $24 million.
and you are asking me if i want to join this band?
what would you say to my putting the band back together?
i'd say i've got a good business here and i'm not going back to jail.
turned in to lost-and-found in a paper bag with this note.
i want a felony theft warrant put out on elwood blues.
those goons are orphan remnants of the post-perestroika soviet secret police who twisted the well-intentioned, original marxist-leninist doctrine using state security, which was corrupted by beria in the '30s.
once a mass populace is coerced into such behavior a radical shift, like glasnost, produces guys like headless automata who continue the brutish measures to which their genes were programmed since the fall of the romanovs.
- "boy, you on fire - "you know you can get anything i got
- "two take for two - "i got the money if you got the time
matt, this is something i really don't want you to do.
for heaven's sake, if this is what you'll be like to live with, go ahead.
now the devil drivers' star, rick avery does the triple-ramp loop through the ring of fire!
now the county fair is proud to present tonight's musical entertainment the kentucky bluegrass brothers!
"that old cowpoke went ridin' out one dark and windy day
"upon a ridge he rested as he went along his way
"their faces gaunt, their eyes were blurred their shirts all soaked with sweat
"they're ridin' hard to catch that herd but they ain't caught 'em yet
walk away now and you walk away from your skills, your vocations leaving our youth with nothing but digitally-sampled techno grooves quasi-synth rhythms, pseudo songs of violence-laden gangster rap acid pop and saccharine, soulless slush.
depart now and you separate yourselves from the vital legacies of robert johnson, muddy waters, willie dixon jimmy reed, memphis slim, blind boy fuller louis jordan, little walter, big walter, sonny boy williamson one and two otis redding, jackie wilson, elvis presley and robert k. weiss.
we do blues, rhythm and blues jazz, funk, soul, we can handle rock, pop, country, heavy metal, hip-hop, rap, motown, operetta and show tunes.
in fact, we've even been called upon to do a polka.
and now our final band of the evening from chicago, illinois the blues brothers show band!
has not been, nor ever will be, in this band's repertoire.
when i raise my left hand, i want to hear the applause for the blues brothers.
when i raise my right hand, i want to hear the applause for the louisiana gator boys.
young man you were not taught and raised by me to fold at the slightest whiff of adverse circumstances.
now quit your silly moping, pull yourself together and snap out of it!
before curtis came to us at st. helen of the blessed shroud he had a musical group that toured juke joints in the midwest.
in one town, curtis had an affair with a married woman.
you waltz in here telling me that i have a dead white criminal brother, who was in a band, which the last time they played anywhere were charged with grand larceny reckless endangerment, felonious motor vehicle assault over 700 violations of the highway traffic act and damages, both public and private in excess of $24 million.
and you are asking me if i want to join this band?
what would you say to my putting the band back together?
i'd say i've got a good business here and i'm not going back to jail.
turned in to lost-and-found in a paper bag with this note.
i want a felony theft warrant put out on elwood blues.
those goons are orphan remnants of the post-perestroika soviet secret police who twisted the well-intentioned, original marxist-leninist doctrine using state security, which was corrupted by beria in the '30s.
once a mass populace is coerced into such behavior a radical shift, like glasnost, produces guys like headless automata who continue the brutish measures to which their genes were programmed since the fall of the romanovs.
-"boy, you on fire -"you know you can get anything i got
-"two take for two -"i got the money if you got the time
matt, this is something i really don't want you to do.
for heaven's sake, if this is what you'll be like to live with, go ahead.
now the devil drivers' star, rick avery does the triple-ramp loop through the ring of fire!
now the county fair is proud to present tonight's musical entertainment...
"upon a ridge he rested as he went along his way
"when all at once a mighty herd of red-eyed cows he saw
"they're ridin ' hard to catch that herd but they ain 't caught 'em yet
"'cause they got to ride forever in that range up in the sky
turn your backs and you snuff out the fragile candles of blues, rb and soul.
when those flames expire, the light of the world is extinguished because the music which has moved mankind for seven decades will wither and die from abandonment and neglect.
you get on your knees and pray, "oh, lord, forgive me. "
but you won't forgive your brother, who you see every day.
in fact, we've even been called upon to do a polka.
however, caribbean is a type of music which has not been, nor ever will be in this band's repertoire.
"and you ain 't been to heaven if you ain 't been there
"they got french moss hangin ' from a big oak tree
stay away from drugs, gangs, cyber porn on the internet, and you could be president of the united states someday.
but i don't want to be president of the united states.
he was a full bird colonel in the united states air force.
my mother now lives in phoenix, arizona, and a more honorable, sweet-tempered and goodly woman does not exist.
look, i'm not making any moral judgments here, but one can project what might have happened in this case.
your mom, young, her husband in the military, away from home much of the time, which may have pushed her to reach out, stray from the nest.
you waltz in here telling me that i have a dead, white, criminal brother, who was in a band, which the last time they played anywhere were charged with grand larceny,
reckless endangerment, felonious motor vehicle assault, over 700 violations of the highway traffic act, and damages, both public and private, in excess of $24 million.
what would you say if i told you i was putting the band back together?
i'd say i've got myself a good little business here and i'm not going back to jail.
turned in to lost and found in a paper bag, along with this note.
i want a statewide felony theft warrant put out on elwood blues.
why did he come to see you in the first place, sir?
he wanted to borrow $500 and asked me if i wanted to join his band.
those goons are orphan remnants of the post-perestroika soviet secret police apparatus, which, until 1991, carried out its twisted interpretation of the original, well-intentioned marxist-leninist doctrine vis--vis state security, which was massively corrupted by lavrenty beria in the '30s.
of course, once a mass populace is coerced into such behavior as a permanent condition, a radical, didactic, dialectic shift, such as glasnost, produces guys like these:
is to give me my propers when you move in there
- just a, just a, just a, just a, just a, just a
we're rehearsing just on the other side of the motel office.
it would be so cool and it would mean so much to me if you could come listen to us play.
i said i wanna show you that your wildest dreams can come true
and i swear someday i'm gonna figure out how to do just that
they've called ahead by now, and you can't outrun a motorola.
two miles down we get off this, get on county road 245 through mariah hill.
upon a ridge he rested as he went along his way
when all at once a mighty herd of red-eyed cows he saw
they're riding hard to catch that herd but they ain't caught them yet
'cause they got to ride forever in that range up in the sky
as the riders loped on by him he heard one call his name
if you want to save your soul from hell a-riding on our range
we can handle rock, pop, country, heavy metal, fusion, hip-hop, rap, motown, operetta, show tunes.
in fact, we've even been called upon, on occasion, to do a polka.
and now it is time for you, the audience, to decide.
when i hold up my left hand, i want to hear the applause for the blues brothers.
you waltz in here telling me that i have a dead white criminal brother, who was in a band, which the last time they played anywhere were charged with grand larceny reckless endangerment, felonious motor vehicle assault over 700 violations of the highway traffic act and damages, both public and private in excess of $24 million.
and you are asking me if i want to join this band?
what would you say to my putting the band back together?
i'd say i've got a good business here and i'm not going back to jail.
turned in to lost-and-found in a paper bag with this note.
i want a felony theft warrant put out on elwood blues.
those goons are orphan remnants of the post-perestroika soviet secret police who twisted the well-intentioned, original marxist-leninist doctrine using state security, which was corrupted by beria in the '30s.
once a mass populace is coerced into such behavior a radical shift, like glasnost, produces guys like headless automata who continue the brutish measures to which their genes were programmed since the fall of the romanovs.
- "boy, you on fire - "you know you can get anything i got
- "two take for two - "i got the money if you got the time
matt, this is something i really don't want you to do.
for heaven's sake, if this is what you'll be like to live with, go ahead.
now the devil drivers' star, rick avery does the triple-ramp loop through the ring of fire!
now the county fair is proud to present tonight's musical entertainment the kentucky bluegrass brothers!
"that old cowpoke went ridin' out one dark and windy day
"upon a ridge he rested as he went along his way
"their faces gaunt, their eyes were blurred their shirts all soaked with sweat
"they're ridin' hard to catch that herd but they ain't caught 'em yet
walk away now and you walk away from your skills, your vocations leaving our youth with nothing but digitally-sampled techno grooves quasi-synth rhythms, pseudo songs of violence-laden gangster rap acid pop and saccharine, soulless slush.
depart now and you separate yourselves from the vital legacies of robert johnson, muddy waters, willie dixon jimmy reed, memphis slim, blind boy fuller louis jordan, little walter, big walter, sonny boy williamson one and two otis redding, jackie wilson, elvis presley and robert k. weiss.
we do blues, rhythm and blues jazz, funk, soul, we can handle rock, pop, country, heavy metal, hip-hop, rap, motown, operetta and show tunes.
in fact, we've even been called upon to do a polka.
and now our final band of the evening from chicago, illinois the blues brothers show band!
has not been, nor ever will be, in this band's repertoire.
when i raise my left hand, i want to hear the applause for the blues brothers.
when i raise my right hand, i want to hear the applause for the louisiana gator boys.
- sir, how much would something like that full-sized ford police package in the middle there run me?
get yourself $500 and you come back to see me then.
...you were not taught and raised by me to fold at the slightest whiff of adverse circumstances.
now quit your silly moping, pull your sorry self together and snap out of it!
before curtis came to us at st. helen of the blessed shroud he had a musical group that toured the juke joints of the midwest.
in one town, curtis had an affair with a married woman.
my mother now lives in phoenix, arizona, and a more honorable, sweet-tempered and goodly woman does not exist.
look, i'm not making any moral judgments here, but one can project what might have happened in this case.
reckless endangerment, felonious motor vehicle assault, over 700 violations of the highway traffic act, and damages, both public and private, in excess of $24 million.
and you are asking me if i want to join this band?
what would you say if i told you i was putting the band back together?
i'd say i've got myself a good little business here and i'm not going back to jail.
turned in to lost and found in a paper bag, along with this note.
i want a statewide felony theft warrant put out on elwood blues.
good evening, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to willie's, the state's most elegant establishment for entertainment, erotica and ecdysia.
and now, four young women currently studying medicine and paleontology at northwestern university.
why did he come to see you in the first place, sir?
he wanted to borrow $500 and asked me if i wanted to join his band.
of course, once a mass populace is coerced into such behavior as a permanent condition, a radical, didactic, dialectic shift, such as glasnost, produces guys like these:
stunned, headless automata whose only alternative in their new lives is the continuation of brutish measures to which their genetic code has been programmed since the fall of the romanovs.
cuff links as big as jaybird eggs and look at that
shoes made out of alligator hide wanna see something else here?
matt, this is something that i really don't want you to do.
for crying out loud, if this is what you're gonna be like to live with, go ahead.
hey, mr. fabulous, what time you want us to come back and grab the rings and watch off the corpse?
and what about the deal with the medical college for his dick?
we're rehearsing just on the other side of the motel office.
it would be so cool and it would mean so much to me if you could come listen to us play.
and i swear someday i'm gonna figure out how to do just that
but until then i guess trying is all i can do
they've called ahead by now, and you can't outrun a motorola.
two miles down we get off this, get on county road 245 through mariah hill.
and now the devildrivers star, rick avery, does the triple-ramp loop through the ring of fire!
and now the county fair is proud to present tonight's musical entertainment, the kentucky bluegrass brothers!
that old cowpoke went riding off one dark and windy day
upon a ridge he rested as he went along his way
their faces gaunt, their eyes were blurred their shirts all soaked with sweat
they're riding hard to catch that herd but they ain't caught them yet
if you want to save your soul from hell a-riding on our range
then, cowboy, change your ways today or with us you will ride
walk away now and you walk away from your crafts, your skills, your vocations, leaving the next generation with nothing but recycled digitally sampled techno grooves, quasi-synth rhythms, pseudo songs of violence-laden gangster rap, acid pop and simpering, saccharine, soulless slush.
depart now and you forever separate yourselves from the vital american legacies of robert johnson, muddy waters, willie dixon,
turn your backs now and you snuff out the fragile candles of blues, rb and soul, and when those flames flicker and expire, the light of the world is extinguished because the music which has moved mankind through seven decades, leading to the millennium,
will wither and die on the vine of abandonment and neglect.
we can handle rock, pop, country, heavy metal, fusion, hip-hop, rap, motown, operetta, show tunes.
in fact, we've even been called upon, on occasion, to do a polka.
and now our final band of the evening, from chicago, illinois, the blues brothers show band!
...has not been, is not, nor will ever be, a part of this band's repertoire.
when i hold up my left hand, i want to hear the applause for the blues brothers.
when i hold up my right hand, i want to hear the applause for the louisiana gator boys.
if i go back with them, they'll put me in some foster home with people who don't love me.
they'll put you back in jail, and i'll never see you again.
young man you were not taught and raised by me to fold at the slightest whiff of adverse circumstances.
now quit your silly moping, pull yourself together and snap out of it!
before curtis came to us at st. helen of the blessed shroud he had a musical group that toured juke joints in the midwest.
in one town, curtis had an affair with a married woman.
you waltz in here telling me that i have a dead white criminal brother, who was in a band, which the last time they played anywhere were charged with grand larceny reckless endangerment, felonious motor vehicle assault over 700 violations of the highway traffic act and damages, both public and private in excess of $24 million.
and you are asking me if i want to join this band?
what would you say to my putting the band back together?
i'd say i've got a good business here and i'm not going back to jail.
turned in to lost-and-found in a paper bag with this note.
i want a felony theft warrant put out on elwood blues.
those goons are orphan remnants of the post-perestroika soviet secret police who twisted the well-intentioned, original marxist-leninist doctrine using state security, which was corrupted by beria in the '30s.
once a mass populace is coerced into such behavior a radical shift, like glasnost, produces guys like headless automata who continue the brutish measures to which their genes were programmed since the fall of the romanovs.
-"boy, you on fire -"you know you can get anything i got
-"two take for two -"i got the money if you got the time
matt, this is something i really don't want you to do.
for heaven's sake, if this is what you'll be like to live with, go ahead.
now the devil drivers' star, rick avery does the triple-ramp loop through the ring of fire!
now the county fair is proud to present tonight's musical entertainment the kentucky bluegrass brothers!
"that old cowpoke went ridin' out one dark and windy day
"upon a ridge he rested as he went along his way
"their faces gaunt, their eyes were blurred their shirts all soaked with sweat
"they're ridin ' hard to catch that herd but they ain 't caught 'em yet
walk away now and you walk away from your skills, your vocations leaving our youth with nothing but digitally-sampled techno grooves quasi-synth rhythms, pseudo songs of violence-laden gangster rap acid pop and saccharine, soulless slush.
depart now and you separate yourselves from the vital legacies of robert johnson, muddy waters, willie dixon jimmy reed, memphis slim, blind boy fuller louis jordan, little walter, big walter, sonny boy williamson one and two otis redding, jackie wilson, elvis presley and robert k. weiss.
we do blues, rhythm and blues jazz, funk, soul, we can handle rock, pop, country, heavy metal, hip-hop, rap, motown, operetta and show tunes.
in fact, we've even been called upon to do a polka.
and now our final band of the evening from chicago, illinois the blues brothers show band!
has not been, nor ever will be, in this band's repertoire.
when i raise my left hand, i want to hear the applause for the blues brothers.
when i raise my right hand, i want to hear the applause for the louisiana gator boys.
every time i hear that phrase, it gives me the willies.
i always wonder if the person's talkin' about darwin or nietzsche.
we can shape your vision to anything our imagination can conceive.
for the next hour, we will control all that you see and hear.
you are about to experience the awe and mystery which reaches from the deepest inner mind, to the outer limits.
(narrator) when we have conquered interstellar space, what will we gain?
maybe i won't, but what exactly are you gonna be doing?
we're gonna suit up in class-2 weaponry and do a little recon.
indeed, it can be as simple, and as deadly, as a two-edged sword.
...and also, you should pick up your jacket today at the cleaners.
first of all, you know how they're always loud, screaming, and yelling...
i bring this new person and they all of a sudden turn british.
we love you guys, but we love you in a patronizing way.
like kinda like you love the village idiot, y'know what i mean?
i can step and i can count but i can't step and count.
would you, in your kindness, give me one quick lesson in waltzing?
how come you don't have like a "gold member" or something that i...
this is not like a blockbuster, this is vic's video, pal.
i'd just like to see the namesake of the video palace, the guy who...
when you get to vic's level, you don't have to show up.
this is the beginner tape which you might want to start with, unless...
well, for him, i think it would be an introductory thing.
to see if i had messages from him, so that i could analyze every nuance of how he felt about me and i'd listen to the messages over and over, 15, 25, 30 times and i get messages from him like this,
"hello sue, this is joey, i hate this freakin' answering machine
i mean, i went... made an effort to teach you how to dance
i thought i was gonna be part of the process, and then i was just cut out.
why don't we just put on some music and really just cut loose!
i think it'd be a nice way for us to make up after this little tiff.
our human enemies thought, they destroyed all insects, but i escaped to live on.
i hid myself by burrowing deep into a small planetoid, and there i waited.
i became his divine shadow, the most powerful ruler in the two universes.
my power over humanity grew, as i passed my essence down through generation after generation of human hosts.
my insect body also grew in strength, fed by human flesh, fed by human flesh gathered from 20,000 unsuspecting planets, all unknowingly enslaved to their enemy.
but my order was destroyed by kai, the last of the brunnen g.
my prematurely reborn body was killed by the lexx, the most powerful weapon of destruction ever built.
kai crushed the brain of my last human host, but he did not kill me, as i still live on.
i thought the stuff we brought back from the cluster, was supposed to last you for ages.
the protoblood we have now will last me for a few days at best.
the fractal core was simply a point where the three physical dimensions of both universes intersect.
it does not have to by definition be the only such point of intersection.
i thought you were dead, i thought you didn't experience motivation.
something must have come over me... 5, 4, 3, 2, 1...
do not underestimate the ability of the insects to survive in difficult circumstances.
but how will we even see one, i mean, there's so much stuff out there
and i've got a right to say that, because if you wanna be technical about it,
i am the only one on this entire bug ship, that is 100% human.
it is not a functioning life form, as you are, or stanley is.
it cannot live without the insect essence being passed to it, and the last carrier of the insect essence was the gigashadow, which we destroyed.
i mean, how else are we going to find protoblood, unless we cut it apart?
i'm not against cutting it into bits, the smaller the better.
no man ever had a more insatiable hunger for knowledge and experience.
a brilliant scientist, and a truly dangerous human being, so dangerous he was imprisoned by the divine order.
i'll help you with your problem, and in exchange you will give me the lexx.
no, you will help us and we will take you wherever you want to go.
the boundary between nonlife and life is not clear to me.
and to answer your question, the insect is neither alive nor dead.
to be properly alive, these insects must have their vital insect essence passed to them.
without it, they are like a computer without a programme, a human without a soul.
our human enemies thought, they destroyed all insects, but i escaped to live on.
i hid myself by burrowing deep into a small planetoid, and there i waited.
i became his divine shadow, the most powerful ruler in the two universes.
my power over humanity grew, as i passed my essence down through generation after generation of human hosts.
my insect body also grew in strength, fed by human flesh, fed by human flesh gathered from 20,000 unsuspecting planets, all unknowingly enslaved to their enemy.
but my order was destroyed by kai, the last of the brunnen g.
my prematurely reborn body was killed by the lexx, the most powerful weapon of destruction ever built.
kai crushed the brain of my last human host, but he did not kill me, as i still live on.
i thought the stuff we brought back from the cluster, was supposed to last you for ages.
the protoblood we have now will last me for a few days at best.
the fractal core was simply a point where the three physical dimensions of both universes intersect.
it does not have to by definition be the only such point of intersection.
i thought you were dead, i thought you didn't experience motivation.
something must have come over me... 5, 4, 3, 2, 1...
do not underestimate the ability of the insects to survive in difficult circumstances.
but how will we even see one, i mean, there's so much stuff out there
and i've got a right to say that, because if you wanna be technical about it,
i am the only one on this entire bug ship, that is 100% human.
it is not a functioning life form, as you are, or stanley is.
it cannot live without the insect essence being passed to it, and the last carrier of the insect essence was the gigashadow, which we destroyed.
i mean, how else are we going to find protoblood, unless we cut it apart?
i'm not against cutting it into bits, the smaller the better.
no man ever had a more insatiable hunger for knowledge and experience.
a brilliant scientist, and a truly dangerous human being, so dangerous he was imprisoned by the divine order.
i'll help you with your problem, and in exchange you will give me the lexx.
no, you will help us and we will take you wherever you want to go.
the boundary between nonlife and life is not clear to me.
and to answer your question, the insect is neither alive nor dead.
to be properly alive, these insects must have their vital insect essence passed to them.
without it, they are like a computer without a programme, a human without a soul.
many thousands of years ago, we were defeated by humans, in the great insect wars.
our human enemies thought, they destroyed all insects, but i escaped to live on.
my power over humanity grew, as i passed my essence down through generation after generation of human hosts.
my insect body also grew in strength, fed by human flesh, fed by human flesh gathered from 20,000 unsuspecting planets, all unknowingly enslaved to their enemy.
but my order was destroyed by kai, the last of the brunnen g.
my prematurely reborn body was killed by the lexx, the most powerful weapon of destruction ever built.
kai crushed the brain of my last human host, but he did not kill me, as i still live on.
but he does not know that i live - through him.
there are planets with nice scenery, planets with happy law-abiding citizens, and planets with good rulers, and planets with intellectuals, and planets with women who are... you know - open-minded.
that's the kind of planet i want you to help me find.
one of the insect larvae on the underside of the gigashadow, may have come loose when you destroyed the cluster.
but that was back in the light universe, this is the dark zone, and we can't go back, because the fractal core was destroyed, so how could we go, even if we wanted to?
it does not have to by definition be the only such point of intersection.
i calculate that other pathways are in theory possible, but the risk to your angelic life would be
first we will let ourselves be drawn into the star's gravitational pull.
after that, and prior to the lexx's molecular collapse, there is a point when we must adjust the mass of the neutron star, using lexx's weapon.
my smooth moist skin pressed tightly against yours pressed tightly against yours...
warming you up, heating you up, raising your temperature, until you are ready to explode...
i am now inside the gravitational pull of the black star.
lexx, i'm commanding you to turn around at once, immediately, right now!
i thought you were dead, i thought you didn't experience motivation.
something must have come over me... 5, 4, 3, 2, 1...
do not underestimate the ability of the insects to survive in difficult circumstances.
but how will we even see one, i mean, there's so much stuff out there
and i've got a right to say that, because if you wanna be technical about it,
i am the only one on this entire bug ship, that is 100% human.
it is not a functioning life form, as you are, or stanley is.
it cannot live without the insect essence being passed to it, and the last carrier of the insect essence was the gigashadow, which we destroyed.
i mean, how else are we going to find protoblood, unless we cut it apart?
i'm not against cutting it into bits, the smaller the better.
no man ever had a more insatiable hunger for knowledge and experience.
a brilliant scientist, and a truly dangerous human being, so dangerous he was imprisoned by the divine order.
i'll help you with your problem, and in exchange you will give me the lexx.
no, you will help us and we will take you wherever you want to go.
the boundary between nonlife and life is not clear to me.
and to answer your question, the insect is neither alive nor dead.
to be properly alive, these insects must have their vital insect essence passed to them.
without it, they are like a computer without a programme, a human without a soul.
i was not aware of it, but when i destroyed his shadow's brain,
i received an added bonus - some of the insect's essence.
you brought the head to me, so i am mantrid, but you also brought a very important part of the insect to me, so i am also an insect.
or maybe a machine, i don't know, a fusion, a new life form... no matter
our human enemies thought, they destroyed all insects, but i escaped to live on.
i hid myself by burrowing deep into a small planetoid, and there i waited.
i became his divine shadow, the most powerful ruler in the two universes.
my power over humanity grew, as i passed my essence down through generation after generation of human hosts.
my insect body also grew in strength, fed by human flesh, fed by human flesh gathered from 20,000 unsuspecting planets, all unknowingly enslaved to their enemy.
but my order was destroyed by kai, the last of the brunnen g.
my prematurely reborn body was killed by the lexx, the most powerful weapon of destruction ever built.
kai crushed the brain of my last human host, but he did not kill me, as i still live on.
i thought the stuff we brought back from the cluster, was supposed to last you for ages.
the protoblood we have now will last me for a few days at best.
the fractal core was simply a point where the three physical dimensions of both universes intersect.
it does not have to by definition be the only such point of intersection.
i thought you were dead, i thought you didn't experience motivation.
something must have come over me... 5, 4, 3, 2, 1...
do not underestimate the ability of the insects to survive in difficult circumstances.
but how will we even see one, i mean, there's so much stuff out there
and i've got a right to say that, because if you wanna be technical about it,
i am the only one on this entire bug ship, that is 100% human.
it is not a functioning life form, as you are, or stanley is.
it cannot live without the insect essence being passed to it, and the last carrier of the insect essence was the gigashadow, which we destroyed.
i mean, how else are we going to find protoblood, unless we cut it apart?
i'm not against cutting it into bits, the smaller the better.
no man ever had a more insatiable hunger for knowledge and experience.
a brilliant scientist, and a truly dangerous human being, so dangerous he was imprisoned by the divine order.
i'll help you with your problem, and in exchange you will give me the lexx.
no, you will help us and we will take you wherever you want to go.
the boundary between nonlife and life is not clear to me.
and to answer your question, the insect is neither alive nor dead.
to be properly alive, these insects must have their vital insect essence passed to them.
without it, they are like a computer without a programme, a human without a soul.
better get a move on , or we'll be late for mass.
the souls of the departed are at the mercy of god.
he counted out his money and it made a pretty penny.
i put it in my pocket and i gave it home to jenny.
you know, mr integrity, you still haven't hired anyone to negotiate this big deal for you.
could it be because you know you want to come back to me?
i was making my last meals on wheels delivery and i swerved to avoid a pigeon.
then splat went the food all over the stuffed bears for the toy drive.
it would be fun to have a crane named after me.
i just love those big pouchy mouths they scoop up the fish in.
frasier, are you sure you want to send in that mouseketeer?
why do you assume that to be an agent you have to be an unscrupulous huckster?
you know my motto. "lf it happens in seattle, it's news to me".
i'd like you to meet one of your biggest fans, daphne moon.
it's your own fault for hiring howdy doody as your agent.
ben had no idea that bird was going to attack you.
she wore a clingy gown, crimson lipstick, even earrings, which she tends to avoid as they make her head droop.
she pulled me down upon the bed and began playing my spine like a zither.
then as things were heating up, she requested again i dismiss dr wilfong.
so tremulous with desire was i that i almost relented, but then i remembered your advice, frasier, and i said i wouldn't fire him.
i think you have a real case against the maker of those crane sedatives.
i just wish they'd named the damned bird after somebody else.
the best was: "leave the gun but are, but take the cannoli's it. "
"fredo, you're my brother and i love you, but once you never against the family. "
sammy and debra, i have given you more or more linked.
but now it's up to you, so do not come complaining.
and for my part, he the nephew of the pope or neil.
john might be a gambler, but he is not a drug dealer.
for paul and i went with di bono and i made johnny keys off.
when i look back, i know that paul was already off me wild.
but after that time it was hard against paul to laugh.
against john paul has said that anyone who does drugs, it goes.
if we would not do, it would be over with us.
if we could do it, it could be a long war.
frankie came in the same cemetery to lie as paul castellano.
if frankie does not own the car was walked, i had that chest area.
i did now building and concrete for the entire gambino family.
together with the other families scaled we construction costs by 20 percent.
a liar is always looking in his glass if he's lying.
mikey was in the wrong camp and i should have known.
we just wanted to make clear that they can find us here.
if they have something against us, we wait for them here.
i'm not afraid of the fake admissions of that man there.
he can not fight fair and he can a fair case can not win.
i think there 's about it and realized that it was not feasible.
now i delve into the shit sat than i ever imagined i looked back and i saw something else.
they should be happy if he will for murder every three months receives.
what is left of our legal system like a deranged serial killer free to roam?
this is the earth at a time when the dinosaurs roamed... a lush and fertile planet.
a piece of rock just six miles wide changed all that.
i want norad space command and the 50th tactical comparing all the space junk you track in every orbit.
i want you to check, recheck and then do it all over again.
well, i think they feel that drilling for oil is an evil thing.
do you know how much diesel that clunker boat pumps out in an hour?
just trying to give my man a head start, that's all.
not to mention the fact that i don't think you wanna kill the best man on your crew before we strike oil.
uh, b-back in, uh, 197 4... w-we fiirst got the-the idea, the possibility that a, that a meteor or an asteroid--
i need somebody who's had a little less caffeine this morning.
i mean, i learned about the birds and the bees from freddie noonan's tattoos.
look, i was raised on roughnecks by you... and now you get all shocked and shaken when i fall in love with one.
your wife's gonna be opening your ketchup bottles the rest of your life.
are you suggesting we blow this thing up from the inside?
mr stamper, i'm general montgomery, commander of the pacifiic air forces.
i've been sent here by the secretary of defence... on direct orders from the president of the united states.
we've been apologized to for the last 18 and a half hours.
so if you don't mind, how 'bout if we just get on with it... and you tell us why we're here at the nasa space centre?
so whether you tell her now or i tell her later she's gonna fiind out... one way or the other, so why don't we just get on with it?
so when the rogue comet hit the asteroid belt, it sent shrapnel right for us.
for the next 15 days the earth's in a shooting gallery.
even if the asteroid itself hits the water, it's still hitting land.
it'll flash-boil millions of gallons of sea water and slam into the ocean bedrock.
now, if it's a pacifiic ocean impact-- which we think it will be-- it'll create a tidal wave three miles high, travel at 1,000 miles an hour... covering california and washing up in denver.
six billion people on the planet-- why'd you guys call me?
- we need you to prep the team we're sending up.
you said we did a bad job of putting it together?
no, i said you did a piss-poor job of putting it together.
i assume you sent for me because somebody told you i was the best.
well, i'm only the best because i work with the best.
'cause i kinda wanted to get back to this whole thing about you askin' me for help.
does that mean that there's actually a job that mr all-go-no-quit-big-nuts...
and those words are: "you know, a.j., i really look up to you.
"you've been a hero of mine for a long time, and...
how about just, "a.j., i'm sorry, and-- and i love ya."
you know, a.j., there's not a job on the planet... that i want you to work with me on.
not sure if that's gonna work, but let's see what else.
chick wants a full week's emperor's package at caesar's palace, um--
your triglycerides are way high... and your bad cholesterol is shockingly bad.
- tell ya to lay off those pork rinds, pooh bear.
and, uh, this is harry telling' me it's not good enough.
and, uh, this is harry telling' me i can't marry his daughter.
it would normally take 18 months to psychologically prepare... prescreen viable subjects for space travel.
- we have seen evidence of a wide variety of territorial aggression.
she and her sister ship at vandenberg are leaving tomorrow for launch prep in florida... but i thought you oughta take a look.
the two shuttles going up are the freedom and the independence.
her titanium alloy impenetrable skin covers the toughest, meanest... most sophisticated space vehicle man has ever made.
okay, air force colonel davis, nasa pilot tucker... will command the shuttle independence.
this is about the sorriest group of people i've seen in all my entire military career.
your space flight's gonna be a brutal assault on your senses.
now, we only have one shot of landing on this rock... and that's precisely when the asteroid passes by the moon.
you'll then use lunar gravity and burn your thrusters... slingshotting you around the moon... coming up behind the asteroid.
- well, actually, we have a lot better rockets than the coyote.
now, when you've fiinished your road runner thrust move... you'll be moving at 22,500 miles per hour.
okay, but harry, all we're sayin' is, we're talkin' about a kid who's comin' into her own right now.
and she's gettin' curious about her body and she's exploring her sexuality.
a.j.'ll be running the drill team with oscar, bear and noonan on the independence.
i'll run the drill team on freedom with chick, rockhound and max.
once we land, we'll have eight hours to get the job done.
in order to split this rock on the fault line, we're gonna have to drill to 800 feet.
- what if they're too burned out to do the right thing?
what if they get up there, and they forget what they're fiighting for?
for all we know, tomorrow night could be the last night they ever see earth.
i don't think it's too much to ask to let 'em spend it with their families.
but it can't be love iff you don't have to crawl
you say you don't need nothin' but you got to have it all
i tell you, i'd be on that shuttle with you, harry, if i could.
you don't want to be up in that shuttle any more than i do.
the pentagon is getting involved at this point with some kind... of a project involving nasa and perhaps a shuttle mission--
senior pentagon offiicials refused comment... adding fuel to the speculation that there could be a very serious problem.
we have a special team of astronauts that arrived in florida this evening.
nasa's in emergency launch preparation... in cooperation with russian, japanese and french space agencies... on the most massive joint space venture in history.
and yet, for the fiirst time... in the history of the planet, a species has the technology... to prevent its own extinction.
all of you praying with us need to know... that everything that can be done to prevent this disaster... is being called into service.
the human thirst for excellence... and knowledge... every step up the ladder of science... every adventurous reach into space... all of our combined modern technologies and imaginations... even the wars that we've fought, have provided us the tools... to wage this terrible battle.
through all the chaos that is our history... through all of the wrongs and the discord... through all of the pain and suffering... through all of our times there is one thing...
and elevated our species above its origins... and that is our courage.
the dreams of an entire planet are focused tonight... on those 14 brave souls... travelling into the heavens.
so while the consciousness off the planet is uniffied... ffocused on the nasa mission taking place right now in the vast ocean off space...
we're now in the ffinal hours off the mission... as the freedom and independence prepare to slingshot around the moon.
but we're trying to bounce a signal off a russian military satellite, reestablish contact that way.
if we lose the shuttle com, when do we lose the ability to remote detonate that nuke?
if we've got the shuttle for seven minutes, we can remote detonate for an additional fiive.
what he's trying to say, general, is that, uh, in 12 minutes' time you may lose the ability... to detonate the nuke permanently.
we've only got a few minutes left of guaranteed ability to remote detonate that nuke.
if we don't do it now we could lose control, and we may never get it back.
well, you tell the president that he better fiire his so-called advisors.
and if you detonate that nuke on the surface, we waste a perfectly good bomb... and we have one chance to save this planet!
and i think you need to trust me on this because i know something about it.
i guarantee you, if you do this, you kill us all.
- we've got two and a half minutes to drop it and get off this rock.
if they're not back by the time we fiinish, we leave without 'em.
and what we're trying to do right now is to conffirm that and ffind out exactly what that means.
repeat.we're getting leaks ffrom several nasa offfficials... some rushing home to be with their ffamilies, that the drilling was unsuccessfful.
hey, man, let's draw, and let's see who's gonna stay up here and dance.
guys, l-l-i know you guys think i'm crazy right now... but i would really like this responsibility.
as you drink the sacred sake before you... you will become members of the hisamatsu family.
as you may already realize... in the strict world of the yakuza...
can you buy me new shoes if i have the surgery instead?
what greeted sung-hyun into the world was a cold syringe needle not mom's nipples.
we'd make so much we ate it for a whole week.
if god sent you us because he had his hands full you got yourself two most troublesome sons.
tell me why an ambitious, capable woman would decline the opportunity to advance her career?
maybe for the same reason that my independence threatens you so.
by ascertaining the identity of the human in the cocoon, for it is his identity that ha'gel has assumed.
are you saying that ha'gel can assume the appearance of anyone he wants?
ha'gel is no more taelon than your neanderthal man was human.
use the police and whatever force is required to complete your mission.
you and i are destined to come together, whether you like it or not.
zo'or has ordered us to eliminate a taelon criminal who has killed at least 4 humans.
but unless we're able to get a match on the dna sample, we're never gonna be able to identify him.
it's hard to believe there's someone still alive underneath that shell.
you should identify this suspect and monitor his movements until agent sandoval or i arrive at the scene.
sir, what if he runs for it before you get there?
ha'gel's species conquered the taelon home planet through a war of genetic assimilation.
using their chameleon powers, they infiltrated the taelon culture and began infecting our race with a genetic virus
every species deserves the right to evolve according to the natural laws of the universe, not according to the will of another race.
will the taelons honor this principle in their dealings with humanity?
that it was our race that destroyed ha'gel's, after they had saved us from extinction?
on what basis did you make the determination that jonathan doors should not be moved?
i thank you for the use of your hat and coat.
i don't know where you think you're going with this, lieutenant, but i trust captain marquette with my life.
the only other option is the extinction of the taelon race.
ha'gel's actions have demonstrated that extinction may be preferable than becoming that which we despise.
the synod will never accept the end of the taelon race as an option.
our mission on earth will follow its course until the end, whatever the consequences to the taelon race.
thy kingdom come, thy will be done, on earth as it is in heaven.
give us our daily bread and forgive us our debts as we also have forgiven our debtors.
while the whole world lies in confusion like a naked whore!
and inside me burns a passion of gods, a suicidal impulse!
the priest told me to go to church and pray, so i did.
i said a prayer, and while i was praying, i saw a fresco of a saint woman.
she wouldn't take her eyes off me... and i thought that she loved me... that she loved me passionately, like a real woman.
and it seemed so natural to take my clothes off in front of someone who was looking at me so passionately.
they sent the pregnant women there too, so they wouldn't disturb the peaceful citizens with their awful appearance.
he knew that the children, in fact, were cruel old men!
the orthodox religion doesn't bless incestuous marriages, but it seems that this time love is stronger than tradition.
the groom kisses the bride, making her a promise that they can only be parted by death.
and here we can see the author of this short film, the local barber and photographer.
finally, let's ask ourselves, if this is how the 20th century started, who can tell how it will end?
they said that the 21st century would uncover the false mask of morality.
people would be set free of their inhibitions and walk around the streets completely naked!
while the whole world lies in confusion like a naked whore!
and inside me burns a passion of gods, a suicidal impulse!
should you ever return, we'll bring evil upon you... we'll burn your house down and kill all of yours!
and if you want to see her again - sure you can as a dead man only!
they send the pregnant women there too, so they wouldn't disturb the peaceful citizens by their awfull appearance.
he knew that the children, in fact, were cruel old man!
the groom kisses the bride, making her a promise that they can be parted by death only!
it seems that the family feels a little bit uncomfortable with this strong display of emotions.
for one last time, the bride says good-bye to the brother she loved too much.
and here we can see the author of this short film, the local barber and photographer
everywhere you look around bristol, it seems houses are being built.
they're not the first to live here - something has come up locally which shows that people lived here since the roman times.
even christians of the late roman period tended to be buried east/west.
the chances are this person believed in the gods rather than a god.
it's an interesting thought that, about 1,500 years ago, there was another group of people digging the original hole to put the sarcophagus in.
i wonder whether they were looking forward to their lunch break, too!
we've got to try to strap it all together, before we continue.
otherwise, i think the whole thing's just going to fall apart.
soon, i think we'll know whether there's anybody inside or not.
i'll take a bit of the loose off, to see if there's anything inside.
it's actually gone a lot better than i thought it was going to.
i thought the bottom might go - drop the burial all over the floor!
but i think andy planned it so well, and it's all worked tremendously.
after years in rural isolation, our coffin and its occupant reach town.
it's going to be excavated in an old warehouse - with a strong floor.
it's such a relief, now that the sarcophagus is safely back here.
it will take some time for andy clarke to remove the soil.
so i'll find out more about the rest of the site.
you've got these little grits set in it, for grinding your food down.
and we've even got the spout here, for pouring the liquid or pulp away.
we've also got evidence of materials coming from around the empire.
this is part of a very large storage jar, or amphora - that contained either wine or oil - from spain.
he found that, at the site, they were working iron, copper and lead.
is it unusual to find three sorts of metals, all being worked on the same site?
but there aren't many sites where we've got iron, copper alloy and leadwork.
i think that what we're seeing is an aspect of this settlement's economy.
the lead is a puzzle - it could have been smelted for many reasons.
under his scanning electron microscope - with a magnification of 5,000 times - he's spotted little impurities, specks of copper and silver.
if he just melted that brooch, then the silver would just be dissolved.
but, if he was to put that material into liquid lead, melt it all together, and then blow air over it, the lead would oxidise and take away the copper, leaving his silver.
mark beabey turns out hundreds of pairs of period shoes each year, from his small workshop in leeds.
and he's going to make a pair for us - hobnails and all.
when exhumed, all the bones from the knees upwards were taken out.
a second body was put in, and the bones replaced in a very odd way.
its meaning is lost to us, but the bones may have other tales to tell.
with the sarcophagus empty, the crack is now clearly visible, and runs from one end to the other.
if you look at them together, the most striking difference is the size.
if i bring over the arm bone of the first skeleton, and compare it to the arm bone of this skeleton.
but it is still completely within acceptable means for these skeletons.
i thought, from looking at the bits i saw before, that she was elderly.
because the skull is broken, we are able to use a new technique of ours.
what i've actually found is that, by looking inside the broken skull, we can actually see little pits on the inside.
at sheffield university, they think that the answer lies deep in the enamel of the teeth.
teeth contain small amounts of lead from the place where we grew up.
we believe that's the lead that was ingested by the person - as part of their childhood diet.
and we're hoping that the isotopic composition of this lead will tell us where it comes from, and therefore, perhaps, where the person actually originated.
maybe the result of all that lead smelting on the site?
we would have liked to know what both people looked like.
we need a reasonably accurate contour over the bony surfaces of the face.
at university college london, the contours are mapped by laser and fed into robin's computer.
robin has produced an average face, from a group of males of similar age, which can be warped onto the skull in his computer.
the skull and the face are matched up, point for point, to give an impression of what our man looked like.
it shows a man with even features, perhaps not distinctive, but with quite a narrow face and a longish nose.
it's up to illustrator jane brayne to make him really look like a man of his age and times.
in this case, we're using a soft tissue model from the skull ct scan.
so, can you take a two-dimensional image and turn it into a real face?
the last time i saw him was robin's reconstruction - it was a strange colour.
but all the flesh tones just make him look like a person, don't they?
and she really wants to give it to you friday, so could you please just ask andy about leaving on saturday instead?
you have no idea how much phoebe has put herself through.
all we have to do is get mark's family to give him a proper burial, and then he can move on to wherever it is he moves on to.
okay, so call the police and let them know where the body is.
i wanted to get you a really great birthday present to make up for all those cards.
so i got a job at the hotel as their lounge psychic.
andy will get dental records or something and match it up.
all we have to do is keep yama away from you until then.
and she really wants to give it to you friday, so could you please just ask andy about leaving on saturday instead?
you have no idea how much phoebe has put herself through.
all we have to do is get mark's family to give him a proper burial, and then he can move on to wherever it is he moves on to.
okay, so call the police and let them know where the body is.
i wanted to get you a really great birthday present to make up for all those cards.
so i got a job at the hotel as their lounge psychic.
andy will get dental records or something and match it up.
all we have to do is keep yama away from you until then.
and she really wants to give it to you friday, so could you please just ask andy about leaving on saturday instead?
you have no idea how much phoebe has put herself through.
all we have to do is get mark's family to give him a proper burial, and then he can move on to wherever it is he moves on to.
okay, so call the police and let them know where the body is.
i wanted to get you a really great birthday present to make up for all those cards.
so i got a job at the hotel as their lounge psychic.
andy will get dental records or something and match it up.
all we have to do is keep yama away from you until then.
and she really wants to give it to you friday, so could you please just ask andy about leaving on saturday instead?
you have no idea how much phoebe has put herself through.
all we have to do is get mark's family to give him a proper burial, and then he can move on to wherever it is he moves on to.
okay, so call the police and let them know where the body is.
i wanted to get you a really great birthday present to make up for all those cards.
so i got a job at the hotel as their lounge psychic.
andy will get dental records or something and match it up.
all we have to do is keep yama away from you until then.
may i get struck down by every disease that it is known for a middle-aged woman to suffer from.
and as you and i know, that's a lot of diseases.
when you've got album covers like this, you're just asking for trouble.
i'm no good at judging the size of crowds, but i'd say there's about 17 million out there.
yes, it's the lack of a printing press that lets us down there.
or bingo balls, or a microphone or any bingo paraphernalia at all.
your husband tried to wash a cup and burnt the house down.
and mrs collins, when mr collins tried to make the bed on his own... and lost a leg.
now, it's time to announce the winner of my fabulous poetry competition.
you wrote a poem about me, and the prize is that i come to the winner's house for a cup of tea.
may i get struck down by every disease that it is known for a middle-aged woman to suffer from.
and as you and i know, that's a lot of diseases.
the baby has a very big head and it may not fit in the font.
it's like a big tide of jam coming at us but jam made out of old women.
when you've got album covers like this, you're just asking for trouble.
i'm no good at judging the size of crowds, but i'd say there's about 17 million out there.
your husband tried to wash a cup and burnt the house down.
and mrs collins, when mr collins tried to make the bed on his own... and lost a leg.
now, it's time to announce the winner of my fabulous poetry competition.
you wrote a poem about me, and the prize is that i come to the winner's house for a cup of tea.
the baby has a very big head and it may not fit in the font.
it's like a big tide of jam coming at us but jam made out of old women.
let's see... "i think it was the actor nick berry who said..."
sorry, father, we can't hear you very well through the window.
and mrs collins, when mr collins tried to make the bed on his own... and lost a leg.
surely you can't let them get through a day on their own?
it's not until i get this close that i realize what a big, ugly bitch that you really are.
back off, all of you, or i'll pull his hair out.
lena and i are going to stay up for a while.
it'd be best if you two slept in your own beds tonight.
now that lena's been over a few times, we were both wondering what do you guys think?
about lena and i seeing each other, and her coming over?
do you, ben christianson, take lena anderson to be your lawful wedded wife?
to have and to hold, to love and to cherish in sickness and in health, for richer, for poorer....
you know, leon, i'm having a really shitty day today, so get lost.
sasquatch, it's not until i get this close... that i realize what a big, ugly bitch that you really are.
one time when i was talking to lawson... he asked me which one of you i loved more.
and i said that i loved both you and inger equally.
i remember when i was a kid, i hit my brother over the head with a hammer.
if i'd killed him, my life would have been very different.
well, frankly, i'm a little concerned about what i see going on around here.
it's not right for ben to leave you girls here all alone.
thank you for your concern, but it's really none of your business.
i just want you to know that i live right over there if you need anything.
do you, ben christianson... take lena anderson to be your lawful wedded wife?
to have and to hold, to love and to cherish... in sickness and in health... for richer, for poorer...
i'm good with my hands... so i can get a job as a day laborer.
just enough to get us food and gas, get us to the next place.
i was talking to lawson and he asked me which one of you i loved more.
and i said i loved both you and inger equally, and he said:
ben, i really know what it's like to be a single parent.
when i was a kid, i hit my brother over the head with a hammer.
look at all this cool stuff i borrowed for my play time with gracie.
look at all the cool stuff i got for my play time with brad.
he promised to help work on the car, and he bails?
oh, tim, when you were his age, which did you want to be with?
cousin randy, you play with cousin gracie, so uncle tim can go play with mr. hot rod?
well, uh, cousin randy would love to, but i gotta spend a couple hours with uncle chemistry and aunt algebra.
after our tea, maybe we'll take the corgis out for a walk and a wee-wee.
princess gracie, is there something you'd like to eat with your tea?
actually, at this size, it would be perfect for chip 'r dale.
well, heidi and i used the binford 61 miniature lathe to shape the post for our canopy bed.
now, the great thing about these microtools is that they allow you to shape your posts almost effortlessly.
all right, heidi, why don't you finish that up while we, uh, check in with tim.
and i want you to take this "no" seriously this time.
if i took it seriously every time you said no, we wouldn't have any kids.
i want to talk about what sherlock wendell holmes said, all right?
the reason men want daughters is because they're like rotten peaches.
it's better to do it right the first time... than to have to do it all over again when it falls down.
but if it takes forever to do it the first time, what's the point?
hercules possessed a strength the world had never seen, a strength surpassed only by the power of his heart.
he journeyed the earth, battling the minions of his wicked stepmother, hera, the all-powerful queen of the gods.
there is nothing you can do for me, hope, so you go away!
i can redeem your life-- rid you of your demons-- in a way you never thought possible.
i know it was you in my bed that night, even though they say it's not possible.
they say you were killed before the night you came to me.
he journeyed the earth battling the minions of his wicked stepmother, hera, the all-powerful queen of the gods.
but wherever there was evil, wherever an innocent would suffer, there would be...
soon he'll have his hands full with his own bad self.
yes, and while he's busy with the sovereign..., ...that leaves us with our own fun and games, doesn't it?
they say you were killed before the night you came to me.
if that's true, i have to believe..., ...because our love was so strong, that you came to me in spirit.
and i'm sure that we'll all enjoy many happy years here together in my new home.
now, today on medical minute, we're going to be tackling the sticky subject of...
say, you know, is there a sign-up list for the softball team?
i'm sure that frasier "slugger" crane's gonna be an asset to this station in more ways than one.
well, that's what i get for living in a big city.
if it's not the horns waking you up, it's someone writing an operetta about the brownings.
boy, frasier, you know, you've been taking on a lot of big projects lately.
well, dad, you see, any moment that phone is going to ring with another job offer, and this blessed little hiatus will be over.
i want to have achieved as many of my life's ambitions as possible.
gee, dad, frankly, you should take up a project or two.
well, forgive me, but i did have to move three crates, a rowing machine and a cast-iron bathtub out of the way first.
oh, look at that, the only book i really wanted was in the shelf already.
when you're done, i need you to run some errands for me.
i need a very sturdy lemon zester, some more music paper, some potting soil and an easel.
i mean, god, suddenly they were proposing that they hold a massive rally in my honour demanding that i return to the airwaves.
you know, i think it's safe to say that someone is already working in mysterious ways.
in this world, in between the black and the white, there's a grey area.
some people have a large grey area, some a small area.
got myself to big brother and i've still only got a few streets.
it's not worth all the risk just to be a face.
when any of you cops come by, i still have to stand and get searched.
you could have been a cop yourself, but that was your own fault.
when we handed over a criminal to you, the cop was worshipped.
now you have internal affairs and you have to be clean, we can't help you out any more.
i was really touched when this man put some money into my account.
it can never work with those kind of people, you know?
in this world, in between the black and the white, there's a grey area.
some people have a large grey area, some a small area.
it's not worth all the risk just to be a face.
when any of you cops come by, i still have to stand and get searched.
you told me your big brother wasn't good to you - you wanted to join me.
you said that you hadn't got any responsibility, so i gave you a street...
how easy it would all be if we took england as an example!
she is the political model for the world... the pattern which our society should follow.
every single day i spent at your side... has been the happiest of my life.
the month we lived together in paris, in that little hotel.
last night, the train left me in lain... and i gave instructions there... that they send my trunk to la pardina.
then i went to visit a shepherd from the old days...
your lordship, i believe it's the duty of every man... to progress in life, or at least to attempt it... whether he's young or he's getting on a bit... as in my case!
i don't know what to say, for we're living in strange times... when gentlemen are ruined and servants are getting rich.
you've got the example... of gregoria and venancio to prove it.
i'll give you a bit of advice, as you're so fond of cash.
isn't it wonderful to see them so pretty and so healthy, sir?
well, if you'll excuse us, your lordship... we'll go to the mayor's house.
or right on the way out... because it really depends on where you're coming from.
and then they say running a noodle factory... isn't a profitable business!
although it's true that one need only see your face... to know that you're an illustrious lamb.
so god made you a saint... and your family, a martyr?
it may be because i don't see well... but i find that they look very alike... and the tone of their voices is also identical.
and i would even say... that their characters... are also similar.
let me see if i can clarify it for you, because it isn't easy.
dolly is more prone to be naughty... and nelly seems more inclined to study.
he's in la pardina... and i've ordered venancio... that while my father-in-law is there... they are to take every possible care of him.
who, at his age, would think of going off to america... however much the yellow dust may glitter!
warned him that it was unwise, but you know how he is.
and if there was anyone who could convince him of anything... that person was his son.
i thank you... for being so kind... as to grant me the interview... in this isolated, holy place... where we will not be disturbed by witnesses of any kind.
i am only doing my duty in agreeing to your request.
against my wishes, my son rafael made you his wife... and i say against my wishes... because i knew from the start... that you were a capricious, frivolous, fickle woman... and fond of flirtations.
if my predictions were wrong in anything... it was because you turned out worse than i'd feared.
in peru, i learned of the definitive separation... of rafael and you.
i know that love is a catastrophe... an uncontrollable madness, a fierce wind... which can strike people, and then,just as easily, move away.
so i don't blame you... that your feelings for my son disappeared.
i was informed that... after the definitive separation... my son went to live in a humble boarding house... he became ill... and had no desire to be cured.
he died in his clothes, on the bed... badly attended... by mercenary people... with no affection to comfort him... because i was absent and you... who didn't love him... only looked for excuses... to stay away from him.
don rodrigo... life is full of complications which are not easily explained.
why do we always try to change the people we love?
i assure you, i tried to help him from the moment he fell ill... but rafael always rejected my support and affection.
i may not have loved him then... but not for one moment did i stop caring for him.
how fine a thing it would be... if you and i could weep now... for that loved one.
they sent it to me with his clothes... and his other belongings.
"i warn you that if you don't send my daughter to me soon...
it's terrible if she thinks i'm teaching you something... when really you don't want to learn.
all mother wants... is that we should always be out of doors... and be as sturdy as peasant girls.
as you two don't know what it is, people will say...
"where on earth... did her ladyship find that pair of mules?"
i've hung out those of the last few days to air a little.
would you like me to open the window... in case my fickle emanations... bother you?
i serve your ladyship disinterestedly... in all that she wishes to order of me... whatever it may be.
you know i've never got on with the count of albrit... but now things have worsened to a degree i find unbearable.
but it isn't your fault, you're innocent of that... and of everything else.
if you don't like gregoria's coffee, we could make it for you.
but they've taken away the fine porcelain cups... and the dishes with my coat of arms... and the silver jug.
those wretches pick the dirtiest tablecloths and napkins... to put on my table... knowing well how i like clean table linen.
to think how well i could tell rogues from honest people before.
but to get back to the children, i repeat that they're angels.
to see them, be with them, and notlove them is impossible.
they've brought a great sense of joy into my life... but you know how i am.
i turn merriment into sadness very quickly... hounded as i am at all hours by terrible thoughts.
so, adelaida... here i am, floundering amidst the swell of doubt.
i miss you so much... and how i long for us to walk together again along the cliffs... and watch as the sun sinks into the sea... and the stars gradually appear.
old age, if it's of any use... is to contemplate reality as it really is... and my only reality was you.
knowing him, the feast will be like camacho's wedding... and the feasts of lucullus all together.
the truth is, i need to get some things olid into me... because those scoundrels are starving me to death.
but i still have a mission to carry out in the world.
afterwards, perhaps... when the time comes, and i'm not saying yes or no...
no one's going to lock me up and deprive me ofmy freedom!
my vows oblige me to shelter the destitute... and practice with them... works of charity.
you mean esperanza has turned out to be, as it were... a bit more of a whore than the others.
yes, but as she does it for pleasure... she doesn't make much of a profit from the job.
how is it possible that in all these years... you haven't been able to find a day... an hour of strength, to rid yourself of a crew like that?
to ask that of my character... is like asking rocks to bear apples.
now, we'll choose the part of the cliffs... which has the sheerest drop.
if you want, we can go now and i'll push you over.
and i say, what's the point of so much light at nighttime?
we can easily see in daytime what's to be seen in the world.
the little saint who wanted to be like paul of tarsus.
and here he is now, transformed into... a sack of lard!
who paid for the boarding house during all those years of study?
isn't it true, pill-pusher, that you and your father... whom i saved from prison, unfortunately, for rape...
isn't it true... and i ask this looking you in the eye... that when my son and i passed by you... you and your father got on your knees... and we had to hit you to make you get up?
look at each other closely... sons born of my cooks... fathered by my stable boys.
you wanted to cage the count of albrit... who founded the fishermen's fraternity... who brought you water from santaorra... who funded the verola road... and the bridge over the caudo river.
my parents built the hospital... and the foundling hospital and the la pardina chapel... where you went... to midnight mass every christmas eve... not out of religious fervor... but to receive the generous christmas boxes we offered you.
and how did you want to repay me for all those favors?
by locking me up like a rabid dog... selling your consciences... to the highest bidder!
the poor lion of albrit... who asked nothing of you... and needs nothing from you... proclaims his contempt for you... with every drop of his soul.
he doesn't want even an inch of land from your city... to bury his tired bones.
some friends took me out for a ride in their carriage... to the monastery... and i took the notion... to come back on foot, along with don pio.
grandfather... in a few days, we're going to madrid with mother.
if you, gregoria, and you, venancio... serve my grandfather here... it isn't out of charity, for you obviously have none... but because that's what my mother, your mistress, wants.
and even if she didn't want it, which i doubt... my sister wants it and i want it.
you dined together at the home of the marquis of pescara.
you're so ambitious, senen... so persistent, so selfish... that it would seem you've lost all sense of reality.
but, as i was born, i understand what crime i have committed.
your justice and rigor have had cause enough... for man's greatest crime... is to have been born."
you talk to me about loneliness, your lordship... when i've just buried my third dog?
(don rodrigo) so, what do you have to say to me?
i brought carlos eraul... the letters which the countess wrote him, and vice versa.
i brought the countess... the passionate epistles which he composed for her.
in this letter, her ladyship... gives precise news... about the charms and the health of their daughter.
the honor of the house of albrit... demands... the destruction of that letter!
have you forgotten that i was born a plebeian... and honor is something that doesn't move me?
speak to me of something material... more substantial... if the merchandise really interests you.
and i also told him what i told... that other one, the stuck-up countess.
ifi perfume myself with heliotrope essence... it's because i damn well want to!
that's when i'd like to be at your side... to feel protected in your arms... to be that sustained note within an ever ending symphony... which, as you say, ourlove is... and tell you, my darling... that in the child's innocent look... is a constant reminder of your caresses... your words... your silences.
i only hope that innocent, sensitive child... maybe the repository of the best of both of us.
inever liked my name... until i heard it on your breath.
since then, i tremble when i hear it... for it is no longer my name... but a sound... mine alone... which comes from your lips.
i understand the extreme delicacy of the subject... and i want to respect the state of serenity... which you are in today.
moreover... it wouldn't be fair that i torment you now... with the shameful question... because i know.
i have only got a few breaths oflife left... and i need my granddaughter near me.
she is the only root that connects me with this world.
it is i who am begging you... that dolly... should stay with me.
i'll speak to my administrator and you will receive monthly... a sum ofmoney with which you can live comfortably.
and as regards the possible... concession tojerusa of the school of commerce... we are in your hands, countess.
i'll see what i can do, but don't be too hopeful.
i've written a letter... saying that no one is to be blamed for my death.
i'm sorry that i'm not wearing a better-tailored suit... for my suicide... especially as i'm going with your lordship.
the countess lucrecia... who is about to leave for madrid with her daughters... on the dusk-time train...
i presume you're not trying to show off with me now... by dint of vulgar rhetoric, are you, eminence?
the countess lucrecia... sunk in a crisis of conscience... and touched, undoubtedly, by the lord's grace... made a general confession of her sins to me.
and last night, she sent me a letter, signed and sealed... in which, for the good ofher soul... and possibly for yours too, albrit... she released me from the secret of confession.
and, given that you love dolly... and dolly loves you... after a mother-daughter conversation... very interesting for both of us...
i give my consent... that she should live with you for the rest of your days."
nelly and i will be on ourway to madrid... where you too have your home.
nelly and i hope... that both of you will visit us as often as possible.
ifyou were asked to choose... between honor and love... what would you do?
look, if that thing which we call honor... could become something material... it would be very good for fertilizing the land.
peru, cuba, argentina, mexico and the united states... which are all very far away... and even though your knowledge exceeds mine...
i can tell you, rodrigo, my friend, that life is a dream.
i still prefer echegaray... although he's criticized now... by those cafe conspirators who applaud dicenta or guimera.
ma'am, i've taken the liberty... of preparing a little refreshment for you, as usual.
i don't believe that the lion and the panther... will both be here by chance.
i reckon they're meeting... so that they can come to some agreement.
i'm a civil servant in the treasury... in the capital, of course.
her lady ship got me the job... and i also work for her in a secretarial capacity.
i don't know what to say, for we're living in strange times... when gentlemen are ruined and servants are getting rich.
you've got the example... of gregoria and venancio to prove it.
well, if you'll excuse us, your lordship... we'll go to the mayor's house.
and when i say house, i mean mansion... because that's what monedero has built.
and then they say running a noodle factory... isn't a profitable business!
i really don't mean to be rude... but i'm delighted that you're leaving.
dolly is more prone to be naughty... and nelly seems more inclined to study.
but no, i don't want to be unfair... praising one more than the other.
she's an unmarried lady and not engaged... as far as i know.
it was awful in the station last night... and then coming through the streets.
and jerusa can't seem to be ungrateful... nor forget the benefits you lavished on it.
they can send me a pretty bouquet of flowers... not an entire rose garden.
who, at his age, would think of going off to america... however much the yellow dust may glitter!
he said it was because of the mirage of a fortune... his grandfather left there.
i am only doing my duty in agreeing to your request.
i say duty, because there was a time you called me daughter.
a foreigner by nationality... and even more so by feelings... although not by your accent... you never identified with my family... orwith the spanish nature.
against my wishes, my son rafael made you his wife... and i say against my wishes... because i knew from the start... that you were a capricious, frivolous, fickle woman... and fond of flirtations.
if my predictions were wrong in anything... it was because you turned out worse than i'd feared.
i see that failure in america hasn't tamed the lion of albrit.
my son died of sadness... of grief... of loneliness... and of shame... through your fault.
in peru, i learned of the definitive separation... of rafael and you.
i know that love is a catastrophe... an uncontrollable madness, a fierce wind... which can strike people, and then,just as easily, move away.
so i don't blame you... that your feelings for my son disappeared.
i was informed that... after the definitive separation... my son went to live in a humble boarding house... he became ill... and had no desire to be cured.
he died in his clothes, on the bed... badly attended... by mercenary people... with no affection to comfort him... because i was absent and you... who didn't love him... only looked for excuses... to stay away from him.
rafael... who was always very kind and very loving to me... was a man without curiosity or joy for living.
he didn't like to travel or go out... or to mix with other people.
i assure you, i tried to help him from the moment he fell ill... but rafael always rejected my support and affection.
i may not have loved him then... but not for one moment did i stop caring for him.
the only descendant... of the name of the albrits... of those kings and princes... warriors and women without blemish... who have maintained untarnished... the ancestry and splendor of our lineage.
the honor... the ancestry... the posterity, the splendor of the albrits?
you know i've never got on with the count of albrit... but now things have worsened to a degree i find unbearable.
all he wants to do is turn up the dregs of the past.
something must be done, senen... to stop don rodrigo hounding me.
what i want... is to keep him away from me... from my daughters... and, if possible... never to see him again.
( don rodrigo ) did you love your father a lot?
( don rodrigo ) did you love your father a lot?
by the way... when i came along the cliffs looking for you...
i thought i saw on the sand on the beach... a beautiful drawing of a lion.
but to get back to the children, i repeat that they're angels.
to see them, be with them, and notlove them is impossible.
they've brought a great sense of joy into my life... but you know how i am.
i turn merriment into sadness very quickly... hounded as i am at all hours by terrible thoughts.
god wants us to cultivate not just heaven... but also the earth... for the earth is the complement of faith.
prior, thank you very much for your offer... to accept me in zaratay.
don't think that you'd be asked to cultivate... the vegetables or to feed the hens!
you'd also be excused from fasting and penance... for don rodrigo, as...
my vows oblige me to shelter the destitute... and practice with them... works of charity.
well, the ninth says... you mustn't shut up your neighbor against his will!
yes, but as she does it for pleasure... she doesn't make much of a profit from the job.
she's a whore from vice, what they call... a vocational whore.
now i understand... the reason and the excellent logic... of your intention to commit suicide.
but what remains unquestionable... is that your behavior isn't that ofa christian.
and it's only right that you're sickened by yourself... because an excess of kindness... kills just the same as an excess of water... or of heat.
do you have any idea of the danger you represent... for humanity?
you won't find a better death... whether you use arms, poison or carbonic acid.
what i'm offering you is instant death... a sudden entrance into happiness.
you live off giving contracts to your cronies... and by stealing.
what's more... and this is the worst of all, you're a nonentity... who'll poison half of humanity with your false noodles.
or did you lose your memory along with your sense of shame?
the wine which you've stolen from me over the years... and which we let you steal... to help you get out of the mess you were in... would have provided a million drinking sprees... for this priest, whose belly is no more than... a bottomless cellar.
when your father died in the brothel... and i don't say it's a bad way to die... it was due to my generosity that you could finish... your studies in theology and law.
the little saint who wanted to be like paul of tarsus.
isn't it true, pill-pusher, that you and your father... whom i saved from prison, unfortunately, for rape...
isn't it true... and i ask this looking you in the eye... that when my son and i passed by you... you and your father got on your knees... and we had to hit you to make you get up?
look at each other closely... sons born of my cooks... fathered by my stable boys.
you wanted to cage the count of albrit... who founded the fishermen's fraternity... who brought you water from santaorra... who funded the verola road... and the bridge over the caudo river.
my parents built the hospital... and the foundling hospital and the la pardina chapel... where you went... to midnight mass every christmas eve... not out of religious fervor... but to receive the generous christmas boxes we offered you.
and how did you want to repay me for all those favors?
grandfather... in a few days, we're going to madrid with mother.
she told us yesterday, when she took us to see valdedios.
we'll go to school and make lots of friends... and to the theater and parties.
and on the other hand, no, because we'll have to leave you.
because, with the greatest respect, dolly... the house belongs to venancio and me.
are you telling me... that grandfather and i can't stay here?
i want the best coffee for my grandfather... the best sheets, the best furniture... the best glassware and the utmost cleanliness.
grandfather, you'll have some freshly made coffee now... very bitter, the way you like it, eh?
but i would like to know... what your ladyship intends doing about my appointment... because now... it's up in the air.
you think your promotion is all i have on my mind?
you're so ambitious, senen... so persistent, so selfish... that it would seem you've lost all sense of reality.
you think i'll speak for you to someone to whom i've only said...
it was a gift... which was made... to a viceroy of peru.
for seven generations... it has belonged... to the house of albrit.
and now listen... very carefully... to what i'm going to say.
when you see me drawing near... to where you are... flee.
magnificently... because i did what i wanted to do with that proud old man.
put him to shame... and tell him a few home truths about his honor... and all that nonsense... and he ended up as meek as a lamb.
(dona lucrecia) dearest carlos... each time that i see in our daughter's eyes... the same joyful, good-natured gleam i notice in yours... and which made me tremble when i met you... opposing feelings of pride and guilt take hold of me.
that's when i'd like to be at your side... to feel protected in your arms... to be that sustained note within an ever ending symphony... which, as you say, ourlove is... and tell you, my darling... that in the child's innocent look... is a constant reminder of your caresses... your words... your silences.
i'll speak to my administrator and you will receive monthly... a sum ofmoney with which you can live comfortably.
and you will be granted the use of some properties... in polan and lain.
mother says i can study at the school of fine arts... and when i can choose my topic...
i'll only do portraits of you... as you are now... with your hat, your walking stick... and your bright eyes.
in life... there are circumstances... which force us to respect certain principles... certain moral standards.
let's say that in the family... there is a blessed foundation... which a man must always respect... if god has put in his soul... the awareness of honor.
that you and your wife were idiots... and he'd never seen worse taste than in this house... except, he added... that o the town's "rich tubby".
that was the nick name given to consuelito... by good old senen.
i wanted to talk to you too... because i've got it all prepared now.
i've written a letter... saying that no one is to be blamed for my death.
my dear adelaida, i'm going now, i'll tell you about it later.
you're not going to tell me that you regret your promise... and that now you don't dare give me a push.
but first i must go to zaratay, and i want you to come with me.
the monks may try to play another dirty trick on me.
i have ordered the administrator... to hand over to you for your use... the house by the river... the large house in polan... and all its lands.
and, given that you love dolly... and dolly loves you... after a mother-daughter conversation... very interesting for both of us...
nelly and i hope... that both of you will visit us as often as possible.
with the sincere friendship of your daughter lucrecia... and many kisses from your granddaughter nelly."
look, rodrigo, even though you're a man of the world... for you've seen such foreign countries as france, england...
peru, cuba, argentina, mexico and the united states... which are all very far away... and even though your knowledge exceeds mine...
i can tell you, rodrigo, my friend, that life is a dream.
( don rodrigo ) ifyou start contradicting me, coronado... you'll stop being my friend right now.
but in the last room, where it was all dark, lived a spooky carpet.
years and years passed and the carpet lived on the floor.
# you can say the sun is shining if you really want to
# i can see the moon and it seems so clear
to start with, sitting around on cushions, a great deal of illogic, and even a greater deal more incense.
days of fasting, interminable amounts of prayer, and a personal visit from god.
years and years passed and the carpet lived on the floor.
it was lonely and grumpy and no-one came - only ants and a few birds.
to hide bilal in a place where the scary boss couldn't find him.
the only problem is, the little girls couldn't find him either.
the size two salesgirl said i could use this again after my pregnancy.
well, perhaps you could cut off the bow, remove the sleeves, and...
that's when he grabbed roz and held her in front of him as a human shield.
but as he did that, he knocked his coffee onto the actual gunman, causing him to drop his weapon and run out.
- now me, i could eat a muffin a day, some days even two knowing they'd be free.
so that's maybe ten a week, 52 weeks a year, for at least another 40 years, which works out to 20,000 muffins.
i really feel honoured but i've got to clear something up.
yesterday at the cafe, this young lady kept coming up to me and saying,
i just believe that conscience, more than customs and laws, is what prevents people from doing wrong.
to contemplate a sane man with no conscience, it shakes my entire world view.
they didn't serve alcohol at the technical awards, as i informed so many of the guests who mistook me for their waiter.
i was the only nominee dressed in black tie, except for the one man in front wearing a tuxedo t-shirt.
let's turn the microphone over to our guest of honour this evening.
i'm sure we're all anxious to hear what the hero has to say.
you must have warriors in your camp with the same weakness.
it would be terrible to let the peace be destroyed by one vild act.
succeed and i will free you from this spiritual bondage, let you pass on into eternity.
but fail and you will live forever in the land of the dead.
i didn't know it then but what alti took from cyane allowed her to keep their spirits in the land of the dead.
i believe that alti's great power is derived from their spirits.
the ancient amazons used to use this time to purge their spirits like the steam purges their bodies.
to beat alti and to learn the new holy word we have to have spiritual powers of our own.
it would be terrible to let the peace be destroyed by one vild act.
if one of my warriors were to do something like this, she'd be punished.
you know, you have the potential to be the greatest of women warriors.
at heart, you're an amazon, whether you believe it or not.
if you two stay together, you're just gonna end up killing him.
and you don't want that baby inside of you to grow up with a murderer for a mother, do you?
it would be terrible to let the peace be destroyed by one vild act.
if one of my warriors were to do something like this, she'd be punished.
you know, you have the potential to be the greatest of women warriors.
at heart, you're an amazon, whether you believe it or not.
if you two stay together, you're just gonna end up killing him.
and you don't want that baby inside of you to grow up with a murderer for a mother, do you?
our objective was to come in contact with vash the stampede... ... a man wanted for $$60,000,000,000... ... under suspicion of class-g property damage.
we were then to keep any trouble around him in check... ... as well as bring a quick resolution to trouble that had already started.
what do you want? p-pleased to m-meet you! i'm meryl stryfe from the bernardelli insurance society.
i'm milly thompson! please accept this token of good will! smooth, ma'am! what're you doing here?
this was because he didn't act anything like... ... the legendary gunman he was made out to be.
stop it! just a drink, bro! don't forsake me! let go!
bang! ma'am! just remembering it makes my heart burst a vessel.
mr. vash was so funny back then! he wasn't funny, he was downright weird! not even a genius could tell that goofball was him! but i thought it was him from the start.
i'll keep at it! he tried to fool us with his perfect portrayal of a good-for-nothing... ... but it was clear to me that was merely his characteristic pose.
i could tell as i watched him resolve every incident he was involved in.
you little... ow, ow, ow! son of a... let go, you... he's unbelievable! do you know what'll happen if you do that?
! this gent here is the much-feared humanoid typhoon... ...vash the stampede! that's funny...
! darn it! safe! still... still, it is the unmistakable truth that he solved each incident... ... without the use of his gun.
he refuses to harm anyone... ... even citizens who try to kill him for the bounty on his head.
so please let us catch you! don't move! i understand your situation well... ...but... please, don't move! until i see him... ...i... ...have to keep moving! please.
ma'am, who do you suppose mr. vash meant by "him"? and so, he finally took his gun into his hand.
throw the fear of death into him, gofsef! mommy! how could you?
! aw, you're doing just fine! i was hoping you'd ditch the woman and save your own skin! mr. vash isn't that sort of a person! so you won't kill, no matter what? you're disgusting! however, that makes you a hypocrite! i know at some point you've killed those who gave you a hard time.
how do i know? because you haven't yet had your turn to be killed! the $$60,000,000,000 reward on your head is proof! what do you say to that?
! vash the stampede! so you're finally ready to fight! oh, you wanna draw? you've felt it twice already!
even your measly brain can realize... ...that my son's fist is a force to be reckoned with! this is your last chance to run!
although, no matter how fast you run... ...the next thing you know, you'll be in tiny pieces! now pay attention, for i am about to lecture you... ...on just how much of a fool you really are! using this! my human mincemeat special course! go help them, quick! and then die in the most humiliating way! no way! he changed its course! that was great! he veered off my son's fist with six bullets! not quite.
traveling alone in the desert can be very perilous! if you act now, you can hire your own bodyguard, free of charge... ...what do you say? honestly!
i only take my eyes off him for an instant! wait!
why is it that so much trouble falls into this man's lap?
four months ago, we, meryl stryfe and milly thompson, employees of the bernardelli insurance society main office in december were handed our orders.
our objective was to come in contact with vash the stampede a man wanted for $$60,000,000,000 under suspicion of class-g property damage.
we were then to keep any trouble around him in check as well as bring a quick resolution to trouble that had already started.
it is a virtue to devote oneself, firmly believing one's own ideals.
but that doesn't mean you may be little the ideals or feelings of others.
i'm just a little uncomfortable... thatyou're spending so much time with myfriends.
i'm sorry, greg, but they are dying for someone to talk to.
but every time we touch on anything real or meaningful... bam, greg just- he puts up thewalls.
well, you guys, that's just because he doesn't knowyou like i do.
which is why the celtics are the single greatest franchise in nba history!
hey, now we have something to celebrate that is the one thousandth time you've told me that!
more on the outrage sweeping boston over the championship banner stolen last night.
we go now to jeff colly with tonight's top sports story.
- it was me and the nazis, in a race against time
the future of mankind depended on me retrieving the ark of the covenant
and you can either vilify the most dedicated fan in history, or you can turn him into a hero
after all, i mean, isn't that what celtic tradition's all about, making heroes?
you would if you wanted the last two paychecks some bastard owed ya.
i want you to know, i think the people here made a big mistake.
what do you say we torch that son of a bitch's house and blame it on looters?
or how about puttin' a dead cow in his living room?
i start eatin' these, i'll never get out of this truck.
i just love how you think you're better than all this.
wayne, what's the worst thing that's ever happened to you on this job?
when old mrs dugan went after you with a paint scraper?
we'll go down here till we find a place for you to lay low.
i'll go back to the truck and wait for the national guard.
"at night we'd go down to the river, and into the river we'd dive."
that's springsteen, man. "the river." i'm all out of bible quotes.
or how about puttin' a dead cow in his living room?
he comes back after it's been in water a couple of days...
- i don't mean to interrupt bible study,... ..but has anybody realised how screwed we are?
we should be back in the motel room right now, counting' our money...
wayne, what's the worst thing that's ever happened to you on this job?
when old mrs dugan went after you with a paint scraper?
we'll go down here till we find a place for you to lay low.
i'll go back to the truck and wait for the national guard.
now, i know it's your job to protect that money, son.
but before you try anything tricky, there's something i want you to see.
i knew charlie from when we both worked for the johnstown company.
his middle name is mccarthy: his parents liked charlie mccarthy on the radio.
[m] rain, rain, on my face [m] hasn't stopped raining for days
[m] my world is a flood [m] but slowly i become [m] at one with the mud [m] but if i can't swim after 40 days [m] and my mind is crushed by the crashing waves
[m] lift me up so high that i cannot fall [m] lift me, oh-oh
[m] lift me up [m] when i'm falling [m] lift me up [m] i'm weak and i'm dying [m] lift me up [m] i need you to hold me
[m] lift me up [m] keep me from drowning again [m] lift me, oh-oh [m] when i'm falling [m] lift me, oh-oh [m] i'm weak and i'm dying
[m] lift me, oh-oh [m] i need you to hold me [m] lift me, oh-oh [m] keep me from drowning again
or how about puttin' a dead cow in his living room?
he comes back after it's been in water a couple of days...
- i don't mean to interrupt bible study,... ..but has anybody realised how screwed we are?
we should be back in the motel room right now, counting' our money...
i was gonna go as soon as i filled the pumps.
but the next thing i know, i got a looter on my hands and...
now, i know it's your job to protect that money, son.
but before you try anything tricky, there's something i want you to see.
sheriff, i'd love to help you out, but i can't leave.
water comes over the top again, it's bye-bye dam, bye-bye town.
or how about puttin' a dead cow in his living room?
he comes back after it's been in water a couple of days...
wayne, what's the worst thing that's ever happened to you on this job?
when old mrs dugan went after you with a paint scraper?
sheriff, i'd love to help you out, but i can't leave.
water comes over the top again, it's bye-bye dam, bye-bye town.
his middle name is mccarthy: his parents liked charlie mccarthy on the radio.
his wife mary died a year ago of a heart attack.
they probably felt it safe to drive their boats through the stained-glass windows.
[m] rain, rain, on my face [m] hasn't stopped raining for days [m] my world is a flood [m] but slowly i become [m] at one with the mud [m] but if i can't swim after 40 days [m] and my mind is crushed by the crashing waves [m] lift me up so high that i cannot fall [m] lift me, oh-oh [m] lift me up [m] when i'm falling [m] lift me up [m] i'm weak and i'm dying [m] lift me up [m] i need you to hold me [m] lift me up [m] keep me from drowning again [m] lift me, oh-oh [m] when i'm falling [m] lift me, oh-oh [m] i'm weak and i'm dying [m] lift me, oh-oh [m] i need you to hold me [m] lift me, oh-oh
or how about puttin' a dead cow in his living room?
he comes back after it's been in water a couple of days...
- i don't mean to interrupt bible study,... ..but has anybody realised how screwed we are?
we should be back in the motel room right now, counting' our money...
wayne, what's the worst thing that's ever happened to you on this job?
when old mrs dugan went after you with a paint scraper?
we'll go down here till we find a place for you to lay low.
i'll go back to the truck and wait for the national guard.
sheriff, i'd love to help you out, but i can't leave.
water comes over the top again, it's bye-bye dam, bye-bye town.
his middle name is mccarthy: his parents liked charlie mccarthy on the radio.
his wife mary died a year ago of a heart attack.
"at night we'd go down to the river, and into the river we'd dive."
that's springsteen, man. "the river." i'm all out of bible quotes.
they probably felt it safe to drive their boats through the stained-glass windows.
[m] rain, rain, on my face [m] hasn't stopped raining for days
[m] my world is a flood [m] but slowly i become [m] at one with the mud [m] but if i can't swim after 40 days [m] and my mind is crushed by the crashing waves
[m] lift me up so high that i cannot fall [m] lift me, oh-oh
[m] lift me up [m] when i'm falling [m] lift me up [m] i'm weak and i'm dying [m] lift me up [m] i need you to hold me
[m] lift me up [m] keep me from drowning again [m] lift me, oh-oh [m] when i'm falling [m] lift me, oh-oh [m] i'm weak and i'm dying
you would if you wanted the last two paychecks some bastard owed ya.
i want you to know, i think the people here made a big mistake.
what do you say we torch that son of a bitch's house and blame it on looters?
or how about puttin' a dead cow in his living room?
i start eatin' these, i'll never get out of this truck.
i just love how you think you're better than all this.
wayne, what's the worst thing that's ever happened to you on this job?
when old mrs dugan went after you with a paint scraper?
we'll go down here till we find a place for you to lay low.
i'll go back to the truck and wait for the national guard.
now, i know it's your job to protect that money, son.
but before you try anything tricky, there's something i want you to see.
i knew charlie from when we both worked for the johnstown company.
his middle name is mccarthy: his parents liked charlie mccarthy on the radio.
they probably felt it safe to drive their boats through the stained-glass windows.
... rain, rain, on my face hasn't stopped raining for days my world is a flood but slowly i become at one with the mud but if i can't swim after 40 days and my mind is crushed by the crashing waves lift me up so high that i cannot fall lift me, oh-oh lift me up when i'm falling lift me up i'm weak and i'm dying lift me up i need you to hold me lift me up keep me from drowning again lift me, oh-oh when i'm falling lift me, oh-oh i'm weak and i'm dying lift me, oh-oh i need you to hold me lift me, oh-oh
you would if you wanted the last two paychecks some bastard owed ya.
i want you to know, i think the people here made a big mistake.
what do you say we torch that son of a bitch's house and blame it on looters?
or how about puttin' a dead cow in his living room?
i start eatin' these, i'll never get out of this truck.
i just love how you think you're better than all this.
- i don't mean to interrupt bible study, but has anybody realized how screwed we are?
we should be back in the motel room right now, counting' our money... (yells)
wayne, what's the worst thing that's ever happened to you on this job?
when old mrs. dugan went after you with a paint scraper?
we'll go down here till we find a place for you to lay low.
i'll go back to the truck and wait for the national guard.
sheriff, i'd love to help you out, but i can't leave.
water comes over the top again, it's bye-bye dam, bye-bye town.
i'm gonna hear one of two things come out of you.
either i'm gonna hear you say that you're in with us, or i'm gonna hear a bullet come out of that gun and go into me.
or how about puttin' a dead cow in his living room?
he comes back after it's been in water a couple of days...
- i don't mean to interrupt bible study,... ..but has anybody realised how screwed we are?
we should be back in the motel room right now, counting' our money...
wayne, what's the worst thing that's ever happened to you on this job?
when old mrs dugan went after you with a paint scraper?
we'll go down here till we find a place for you to lay low.
i'll go back to the truck and wait for the national guard.
i knew charlie from when we both worked for the johnstown company.
his middle name is mccarthy: his parents liked charlie mccarthy on the radio.
or how about put a dead cow in his living room?
he comes back after it's been in water a couple days.
you're gonna be able to afford a hell of a lot of bibles, huh, ray?
me, first thing i'm gonna do is get my brother a lawyer, the best that money can buy.
well, i'm sure as hell glad one of us has a backbone.
leave it up to you, you don't stand there like a dummy...
well, we'll just go down here a little bit further till we find a place for you to lay low.
i'll go back to the truck and wait for the national guard.
anybody who hasn't been planted too long just kind of pops up.
you teach your students stuff like that, no wonder they kicked you out.
i know charlie from when we both worked construction for the johnstown company.
his middle name is mccarthy because his parents liked the charlie mccarthy show on the radio.
i'm gonna hear one of two things come out of you.
either i'm gonna hear you say that you're in with us, or i'm gonna hear a bullet come out of that gun and go into me.
you would if you wanted the last two paychecks some bastard owed ya.
i want you to know, i think the people here made a big mistake.
what do you say we torch that son of a bitch's house and blame it on looters?
or how about puttin' a dead cow in his living room?
i start eatin' these, i'll never get out of this truck.
i just love how you think you're better than all this.
i was gonna go as soon as i filled the pumps.
but the next thing i know, i got a looter on my hands and...
now, i know it's your job to protect that money, son.
but before you try anything tricky, there's something i want you to see.
sheriff, i'd love to help you out, but i can't leave.
water comes over the top again, it's bye-bye dam, bye-bye town.
his middle name is mccarthy: his parents liked charlie mccarthy on the radio.
his wife mary died a year ago of a heart attack.
"at night we'd go down to the river, and into the river we'd dive."
that's springsteen, man. "the river." i'm all out of bible quotes.
they probably felt it safe to drive their boats through the stained-glass windows.
[m] rain, rain, on my face [m] hasn't stopped raining for days
[m] my world is a flood [m] but slowly i become [m] at one with the mud [m] but if i can't swim after 40 days [m] and my mind is crushed by the crashing waves
[m] lift me up so high that i cannot fall [m] lift me, oh-oh
[m] lift me up [m] when i'm falling [m] lift me up [m] i'm weak and i'm dying [m] lift me up [m] i need you to hold me
[m] lift me up [m] keep me from drowning again [m] lift me, oh-oh [m] when i'm falling [m] lift me, oh-oh [m] i'm weak and i'm dying
you would if you wanted the last two paychecks some bastard owed ya.
i want you to know, i think the people here made a big mistake.
what do you say we torch that son of a bitch's house and blame it on looters?
or how about puttin' a dead cow in his living room?
i start eatin' these, i'll never get out of this truck.
i just love how you think you're better than all this.
wayne, what's the worst thing that's ever happened to you on this job?
when old mrs dugan went after you with a paint scraper?
we'll go down here till we find a place for you to lay low.
i'll go back to the truck and wait for the national guard.
"at night we'd go down to the river, and into the river we'd dive."
that's springsteen, man. "the river." i'm all out of bible quotes.
mike, what you're doin', i don't know if i'd be here, considering'.
you would if you wanted the last two paychecks some bastard owed ya.
or how about puttin' a dead cow in his living room?
he comes back after it's been in water a couple of days...
i start eatin' these, i'll never get out of this truck.
i just love how you think you're better than all this.
- i don't mean to interrupt bible study, but has anybody realized how screwed we are?
we should be back in the motel room right now, counting' our money...
we'll go down here till we find a place for you to lay low.
i'll go back to the truck and wait for the national guard.
i'm gonna hear one of two things come out of you.
either i'm gonna hear you say that you're in with us, or i'm gonna hear a bullet come out of that gun and go into me.
"her name was karen, and ever since she come back from college,
"she made it clear that she was too good for us local folk.
or how about puttin' a dead cow in his living room?
he comes back after it's been in water a couple of days...
- i don't mean to interrupt bible study,... ..but has anybody realised how screwed we are?
we should be back in the motel room right now, counting' our money...
wayne, what's the worst thing that's ever happened to you on this job?
when old mrs dugan went after you with a paint scraper?
we'll go down here till we find a place for you to lay low.
i'll go back to the truck and wait for the national guard.
i knew charlie from when we both worked for the johnstown company.
his middle name is mccarthy: his parents liked charlie mccarthy on the radio.
[m] rain, rain, on my face [m] hasn't stopped raining for days
[m] my world is a flood [m] but slowly i become [m] at one with the mud [m] but if i can't swim after 40 days [m] and my mind is crushed by the crashing waves
[m] lift me up so high that i cannot fall [m] lift me, oh-oh
[m] lift me up [m] when i'm falling [m] lift me up [m] i'm weak and i'm dying [m] lift me up [m] i need you to hold me
[m] lift me up [m] keep me from drowning again [m] lift me, oh-oh [m] when i'm falling [m] lift me, oh-oh [m] i'm weak and i'm dying
[m] lift me, oh-oh [m] i need you to hold me [m] lift me, oh-oh [m] keep me from drowning again
there she befriended the castle's staff of enchanted objects, who, like their master, the beast, had once been human.
but now they were all living under a spell that only the power of love could undo.
i'm beginning to wonder if they'll ever speak to each other again.
if she does not love him before the last petal falls, we will all be enchanted forever.
[growls] i was merely referring to your letter to belle, master.
and i must say, never have i heard an apology so eloquently worded.
i dare say the master could react far worse than that.
there. and you won't see me around when he gets here.
some things are not always as they seem, for i am dizzy with love.
ohh. [giggles] ahh-- ah--ah--ah-- this dusting, it's a dirty job, no?
the evening concluded with a romantic sleigh ride through the moonlit snow.
that's just how tomorrow night should be, and i'll help you make it happen.
[gasps] [sobs] now, you must tell me how you are honestly feeling about her.
i--heh heh--i was, uh-- she--she was, uh-- we--we were, uh-- ah!
but, madame, if you were i, and you'd just lost the man of your dreams, you would cry, toooo!
mademoiselle, if i were you, i'd have no trouble with men.
but the love of my life is no more, and i don't know what to do to get him back.
mon ami, the male will never respond unless he has no choice, unless he feels threatened.
think of it, sultan, if you help us with this, you shall be part of history.
no longer will you be treated like a footrest, even though you are a footrest.
why, just this morning she sat here at the table looking so gloomy, i--i didn't know what to say.
i've sent in inquiry to a friend of mine who claims to be able to predict the weather.
maybe he'll know when our erratic teapot will be back to normal.
that's very considerate of you, but we shouldn't wait for the weather to cheer her up.
he and trs ruined my exquisite cake with the blasphemous angel's food.
after you and chaud destroyed my masterpiece by insisting on that infernal devil's food.
mrs. potts has given us the most important gift anyone can offer-- true friendship.
[clanging] we want you to know how much we all love you, mrs. potts.
[chuckles] assuming, of course, there could ever be enough about me.
now, as you know, the master has requested-- lumiere: oh ho ho ho.
[train whistle] all right, then, my dears, we really must be getting on with our chores.
the master's having belle to lunch, and-- [mumbles] and i will tolerate nothing less than perfection.
might i suggest, sire, that you sit patiently-- perhaps a quick game of solitaire-- and wait for the girl-- i'm going to go get her!
no one, but no one, pays the least bit of attention to a word i say!
i thought i might demand your respect, rather than earn it.
ah, i suppose it's fitting that i should end up this way.
as i have always said, all relationships must be firmly based on that.
one must build on a firm foundation of trust and respect in order to flourish and flow, nourish and grow, always attentive to the needs of the other, and honesty.
but row they were all living under a spell... that only the power of love could undo.
as their friendship grew... they hoped that belle might be the ore... who could learn to love a beast... and thus release them all from the spell.
i want you to know that i never meant to call you a fool.
i'm the ore who's beer foolish... and stubborn and petty and unwilling to forgive.
and webster have agreed to tell us... all about their adventures in the forest.
and i'm pleased to say you'll be seeing an old colleague.
let me help you... find the words to speak your feelings.
you tell me everything about that first date... and i'll help you put your deepest... most honest feelings into words.
i've sent in inquiry to a friend of mine... who claims to be able to predict the weather.
maybe he'll know when our erratic teapot... will be back to normal.
i said "little" because i thought... that only a master such as yourself... could create a little masterpiece.
a cake that in its simplicity... would be elegart and delectable.
and we mustn't forget flowers... always the way to a woman's heart.
i certainly hope none of this activity will wake the master.
it's about our dear friend mrs. potts... and fighting isn't going to make her feel any better.
and here, as the cake enters the parlor... it builds majestically.
no light from me can brighten the black darkness... which has befallen our castle.
do you think you'd sing if you were in a cage?
ore must build or a firm foundation... of trust and respect... in order to flourish and flow.
rourish and grow... always attentive to the reeds of the other... and honesty.
i'm beginning to wonder... if they'll ever speak to each other again.
if she does not love him before the last petal falls... we will all be enchanted forever.
i want you to know that i never meant to call you a fool.
i'm the ore who's beer foolish... and stubborn and petty and unwilling to forgive.
and webster have agreed to tell us... all about their adventures in the forest.
and i'm pleased to say you'll be seeing an old colleague.
the evening concluded... with a romantic sleigh ride through the moonlit snow.
that's just how tomorrow night should be... and i'll help you make it happen.
i've sent in inquiry to a friend of mine... who claims to be able to predict the weather.
maybe he'll know when our erratic teapot... will be back to normal.
and we mustn't forget flowers... always the way to a woman's heart.
i certainly hope none of this activity will wake the master.
he and tres ruined my exquisite cake... with the blasphemous angel's food.
after you and chaud destroyed my masterpiece... by insisting on that infernal devil's food.
mesdames et messieurs... it is a pleasure for me to stand before you... with my good friend and colleague... in honor of this great lady.
mrs. potts has given us the most important gift... anyone can offer...
as i have always said... all relationships must be firmly based or that.
ore must build or a firm foundation... of trust and respect... in order to flourish and flow.
let me help you... find the words to speak your feelings.
you tell me everything about that first date... and i'll help you put your deepest... most honest feelings into words.
maybe he'll know when our erratic teapot... will be back to normal.
that's very considerate of you... but we shouldn't wait for the weather to cheer her up.
i said "little" because i thought... that only a master such as yourself... could create a little masterpiece.
a cake that in its simplicity... would be elegart and delectable.
and we mustn't forget flowers... always the way to a woman's heart.
i certainly hope none of this activity will wake the master.
he and tres ruined my exquisite cake... with the blasphemous angel's food.
after you and chaud destroyed my masterpiece... by insisting on that infernal devil's food.
as i have always said... all relationships must be firmly based or that.
ore must build or a firm foundation... of trust and respect... in order to flourish and flow.
the information etched inside humans isn't only that which they themselves have acquired as individuals.
this species called man is connected to his predecessors, and information has accumulated within him.
i suppose a place with no power lines that isn't covered by a satellite.
there's no place like that on earth, and you know it!
i didn't start this, but i have to finish it somehow.
i can't say i didn't know about it, but i don't remember taking part in it.
that man who got killed, the gun belonged to him, right?
he said if he was to die i was to forget him.
i feel i've always tried to ignore the important things in life.
people have kids because it gives them a reason for staying alive.
without these things, you get lost, just like a kite in the wind with your string cut.
this is an answering machine please wait for the tone and leave your message afterwards.
goto's been hanging around in the same place for an hour, holding a gun.
if he's caught with it on him, it's the last you'll see of it.
i think i've been trying not to see things that are important to me.
people have kids because they need a reason to keep living.
or else i'll get lost just like a kite in the wind without a string.
this is an answering machine so please leave your message after the tone.
it's only a matter of time 'till the shooter finds us.
- is it too much to ask of you to join me against the shooter?
people have kids because they need a reason to keep living.
or else i'll get lost just like a kite in the wind without a string.
it's only a matter of time 'till the shooter finds us.
is it too much to ask of you to join me against the shooter?
people have kids because they need a reason to keep living.
or else i'll get lost just like a kite in the wind without a string.
it's only a matter of time 'till the shooter finds us.
is it too much to ask of you to join me against the shooter?
i think i've been trying not to see things that are important to me.
people have kids because they need a reason to keep living.
or else i'll get lost just like a kite in the wind without a string.
this is an answering machine... so please leave your message after the tone.
goto has been standing... at a place with a gun in his hand for an hour.
if he gets caught with the gun, you will never get it again.
but in this case, ... shooting the boxer just might be the end of all of us.
rakar captures our movements by o.1 seconds and... calculates the subsequent moves up to two years in a row.
people have kids because they need a reason to keep living.
or else i'll get lost just like a kite in the wind without a string.
it's only a matter of time 'till the shooter finds us.
is it too much to ask of you to join me against the shooter?
i think i've been trying not to see things that are important to me.
people have kids because they need a reason to keep living.
or else i'll get lost just like a kite in the wind without a string.
this is an answering machine... so please leave your message after the tone.
goto has been standing... at a place with a gun in his hand for an hour.
if he gets caught with the gun, you will never get it again.
it's only a matter of time 'till the shooter finds us.
is it too much to ask of you to join me against the shooter?
okay, now let's try the thing where i stand on the aluminum foil.
so, for the past twelve years, we've been selling hammocks of hemp by mail.
i was hoping you would want to get to know our friends.
my old soul has already made their acquaintance in a previous lifetime.
once you could fit all your worldly possessions into a backpack.
pair of jeans, a few t-shirts, a copy of steal this book.
you know, kids, it's pointless to try to go back in time.
you have to live in the present, and i'm going to start right now.
- all right after trent sees daria in grandma's nightgown the london suede
- the beautiful ones right before willow and coyote's meditation circle jerks
so anyways, i'm standing there, waiting to use the pay phone ...
and this guy on the phone turns around and tips his hat like this.
my brother and i, we live life in the fast lane.
that means no stop signs, no pulling over to take pictures.
if i may congest, the pool is taking up the prime dancing real estate.
if you put glass over the pool, it would be like dancing on water.
she could hang out with a deer and accidentally be shot by a hunter.
you know, when she's sleeping she makes that nose whistle sound, and you want to ram her toothbrush up her nostril into her skull.
i thought there was supposed to be a buzzer or a whistle or something.
... to join together this man and this woman in holy matrimony.
people waiting outside are bummed, 'cos they're trying to get in.
what if the outside of the club looked like the inside?
you know what i always thought would make a cool 'twilight zone"?
like, we see a picture of this lady, but to this lady, are we just a picture of us?
we're in serious relationships right now, and our ladies can trust us.
why go out for burgers, when you got steak at home?
i think we've reached a point where i can call you viv and leave out the "ica".
you wanna hang out or do what we did last night?
you don't know how to work the clubs, talk to the ladies.
you only know how to ask me how to do everything!
all guys are nervous and kind of hope she eats a can of botulism?
she could hang out with a deer and accidentally be shot by a hunter.
... to join together this man and this woman in holy matrimony.
but first i understand the bride and groom have each prepared something.
emily, steve's discipline is lacking as is his appreciation for you.
now, i can bench press 305 pound, and my body fat is less than 2%.
so anyways, i'm standing there, waiting to use the pay phone...
and this guy on the phone turns around and tips his hat like this.
if i may congest, the pool is taking up the prime dancing real estate.
if you put glass over the pool, it would be like dancing on water.
we're in serious relationships right now, and our ladies can trust us.
why go out for burgers, when you got steak at home?
she could hang out with a deer and accidentally be shot by a hunter.
you know, when she's sleeping she makes that nose whistle sound, and you want to ram her toothbrush up her nostril into her skull.
i thought there was supposed to be a buzzer or a whistle or something.
...to join together this man and this woman in holy matrimony.
so anyways, i'm standing there, waiting to use the pay phone ...
and this guy on the phone turns around and tips his hat like this.
my brother and i, we live life in the fast lane.
that means no stop signs, no pulling over to take pictures.
if i may congest, the pool is taking up the prime dancing real estate.
if you put glass over the pool, it would be like dancing on water.
she could hang out with a deer and accidentally be shot by a hunter.
you know, when she's sleeping she makes that nose whistle sound, and you want to ram her toothbrush up her nostril into her skull.
i thought there was supposed to be a buzzer or a whistle or something.
... to join together this man and this woman in holy matrimony.
my brother and i, we live life in the fast lane.
that means no stop signs, no pulling over to take pictures.
people waiting outside are bummed, 'cos they're trying to get in.
what if the outside of the club looked like the inside?
you know what i always thought would make a cool "twilight zone"?
like, we see a picture of this lady, but to this lady, are we just a picture of us?
i think we've reached a point where i can call you viv and leave out the "ica".
you wanna hang out or do what we did last night?
you don't know how to work the clubs, talk to the ladies.
you only know how to ask me how to do everything!
all guys are nervous and kind of hope she eats a can of botulism?
she could hang out with a deer and accidentally be shot by a hunter.
...to join together this man and this woman in holy matrimony.
but first i understand the bride and groom have each prepared something.
emily, steve's discipline is lacking as is his appreciation for you.
now, i can bench press 305 pound, and my body fat is less than 2%.
i know dru gives you pity access... ..but you have to admit it's easier when i do things for her!
you would do well to worry less about dru... ..and more about that slayer you've been tramping around with.
i don't know, i just... ..heard that you and cordy broke up, and... ..i guess i was just surprised how glad i was.
it's funny how you can see someone every day... ..but not really see them.
i was on the phone all night listening to willow cry about you.
now, i don't know exactly what happened, but i was left with the strong urge to hit you.
is it so impossible for you to believe that other women find me attractive?
the only way to get girls to want you would be witchcraft.
all you do is what everyone else does, just so you can say you did it first!
here i am scrambling for your approval when i'm way cooler than you cos i'm not a sheep.
i know dru gives you pity access,... ..but you have to admit it's easier when i do things for her!
you would do well to worry less about dru,... ..and more about that slayer you've been tramping around with.
i don't know, i just... ..heard that you and cordy broke up, and... ..i guess i was just surprised how glad i was.
it's funny how you can see someone every day,... ..but not really see them.
i was on the phone all night listening to willow cry about you.
now, i don't know exactly what happened, but i was left with the strong urge to hit you.
is it so impossible for you to believe that other women find me attractive?
the only way to get girls to want you would be witchcraft.
all you do is what everyone else does, just so you can say you did it first!
here i am scrambling for your approval when i'm way cooler than you cos i'm not a sheep.
i know dru gives you pity access,... ..but you have to admit it's easier when i do things for her!
you would do well to worry less about dru,... ..and more about that slayer you've been tramping around with.
i don't know, i just... ..heard that you and cordy broke up, and... ..i guess i was just surprised how glad i was.
it's funny how you can see someone every day,... ..but not really see them.
i was on the phone all night listening to willow cry about you.
now, i don't know exactly what happened, but i was left with the strong urge to hit you.
is it so impossible for you to believe that other women find me attractive?
the only way to get girls to want you would be witchcraft.
all you do is what everyone else does, just so you can say you did it first!
here i am scrambling for your approval when i'm way cooler than you cos i'm not a sheep.
i know dru gives you pity access,... ..but you have to admit it's easier when i do things for her!
you would do well to worry less about dru,... ..and more about that slayer you've been tramping around with.
i don't know, i just... ..heard that you and cordy broke up, and... ..i guess i was just surprised how glad i was.
it's funny how you can see someone every day,... ..but not really see them.
i was on the phone all night listening to willow cry about you.
now, i don't know exactly what happened, but i was left with the strong urge to hit you.
is it so impossible for you to believe that other women find me attractive?
the only way to get girls to want you would be witchcraft.
all you do is what everyone else does, just so you can say you did it first!
here i am scrambling for your approval when i'm way cooler than you cos i'm not a sheep.
i know dru gives you pity access,... ..but you have to admit it's easier when i do things for her!
you would do well to worry less about dru,... ..and more about that slayer you've been tramping around with.
i don't know, i just... ..heard that you and cordy broke up, and... ..i guess i was just surprised how glad i was.
it's funny how you can see someone every day,... ..but not really see them.
i was on the phone all night listening to willow cry about you.
now, i don't know exactly what happened, but i was left with the strong urge to hit you.
is it so impossible for you to believe that other women find me attractive?
the only way to get girls to want you would be witchcraft.
all you do is what everyone else does, just so you can say you did it first!
here i am scrambling for your approval when i'm way cooler than you cos i'm not a sheep.
i don't want to monopolise your time, but i've something serious to say.
everyone saw the accident in annemasse, last week, on the television.
15 have already died, 26 are in a critical condition, many with severe burns.
according to the police, the driver fell asleep at the wheel.
only, since he's got his head in the clouds, he forgot his bag.
his dad will bring it tomorrow, but he needs some pyjamas.
if you already have real limbs, you can't attach them anywhere.
if i were your dad, i'd use you for my demonstrations.
well, the little mermaid falls in love with the prince she saw in the storm.
she's so in love with him she wants to turn into a woman, so that he'll love her.
stretch properly, as if you were going to have a nap.
try not to arch your back, keep it flat on the floor.
thy will be done, on earth as it is in heaven.
so from here, i draw a bisector, knowing that the angle...
the parents had a moment of inattention and... the child was gone.
they searched for him all day, and they finally found him late that night behind a fence.
but his head's in the clouds - he left his bag in the car.
h is dad'll bring it tomorrow, but who'll lend him pajamas till then?
he doesn't have his bag or a change of clothes, so we don't know what to do with him.
he didn't come back last night, so i'd like to know where i can reach him.
the little mermaid falls in love with the prince during a storm.
she falls so much in love with him that she wants to be a real girl so he'll love her.
excuse me, my daughter goes on class trips by bus like everyone else.
i'll take n icolas, so i know who's at the wheel.
if we have no news by noon, do you mind if we buy some clothes?
the rescue team came, but it was too late to save him.
she falls so much in love with him that she wants to be a real girl so he'll love her.
the witch gives her a potion which makes her grow legs where her fishtail is.
if we have no news by noon, do you mind if we buy some clothes?
the rescue team came, but it was too late to save him.
she falls so much in love with him that she wants to be a real girl so he'll love her.
the witch gives her a potion which makes her grow legs where her fishtail is.
the victim was found 100 miles from here, near romans in the drme region.
that means he isn't in the area, so you have no reason to be afraid.
the parents had a moment of inattention and...the child was gone.
they searched for him all day, and they finally found him late that night behind a fence.
but his head's in the clouds - he left his bag in the car.
his dad'll bring it tomorrow, but who'll lend him pajamas till then?
he doesn't have his bag or a change of clothes, so we don't know what to do with him.
he didn't come back last night, so i'd like to know where i can reach him.
the little mermaid falls in love with the prince during a storm.
she falls so much in love with him that she wants to be a real girl so he'll love her.
for most of human history, a voyage to the moon was the fantasy... of the addlebrained or foolhardy... for only divine beings and supermen could make the journey.
but then humans went aloft on mechanical wings... defying gravity and redefining the realm of possibility... and the moon was within the grasp of whoever would build the machine... to take them there.
the wherewithal to solve the problems one by one... over the long course of the endeavor.
problems such as how to make that first exploratory leap... into the lifeless void of outer space.
soviet pilot yury gagarin in the spacecraft vostok i... successfully lifted off the face of the earth... flew his craft around the globe in approximately 90 minutes... and landed safely in the soviet union.
as with the flight of sputnik four years ago... this latest russian achievement... has caught those in the american space program by surprise.
john glenn or alan b. shepard... will be the first to fly the one-man mercury space capsule.
just when the flight will take place has been the subject of much speculation.
president has been keeping up with your hearings... before congress and committees.
for the purpose of tonight's meeting, we can dispense with small talk.
he will want to know how we can catch the russians... or better yet, leapfrog them.
we can put a man on the moon before the russians.
he will ask if there's anything we can do for less of the taxpayers' dollars.
what if we put up a space laboratory of some kind?
hugh, were you as sure about this when you were working under eisenhower?
no, but the soviets hadn't put a man in space then.
i've gotta tell him that politics aside... there's no reason to put a man on the moon.
the only thing we'll get for our money is some rocks.
so, put a probe up, scoop some out, bring 'em back... and tour the world with them for propaganda purposes.
you don't need to send a man a quarter of a million miles away to do that.
we, nevertheless, are required... to make new efforts on our own.
for, while we cannot guarantee that we shall one day be first... we can guarantee that any failure to make this effort will make us last.
first, i believe that this nation should commit itself... to achieving the goal before this decade is out... of landing a man on the moon and returning him safely to the earth.
there can be no space project in this period... that will be more impressive to mankind... or more important for the long-range exploration of space... and none will be so difficult or expensive to accomplish.
that five-page memo from l.b.j.... pressing us to do it by 1967.
before we get anywhere near the moon... we'll need to put thousands of man-hours into space.
all right, here's what we're gonna have to do, folks... to get a man to the moon... ahead of the soviets.
we've all been planning, meeting, talking, dreaming, but here... is the brass tacks... so we're all on the same page.
but we all know we don't get cigars for that one.
the mercury flights comin' up will get us into orbit... long enough for us to figure out how to stay up there for a bit.
see if he can maneuver, see if he can get back in.
we need this for emergencies, of course... but we ain't goin' to the moon to sit inside and take pictures.
and to honor his memory and the future of the works that he started...
i have today determined that station number one... of the atlantic missile range... and the nasa launch operation center in florida... shall hereafter be known as the john f. kennedy space center.
if there is a word that expresses the washington reaction... to the russian space spectacular today, the word is admiration.
the actual getting out of the capsule itself was more or less... the next thing to happen.
we would love it if nasa could arrange another astronaut visit.
i'd be happy to pass this along to the pubic affairs office.
but i'm sure they will be glued to the tv when you make your space shunt.
with such a suit, why, anyone could take a walk in space... or even a walk on the moon.
as a matter of fact, yeah, that looks a lot like houston down there.
hey, gus, i don't know if you read, but we're over houston.
ladies and gentlemen, commander roger chaffee... is from the third class of brand-new astronauts.
he's flown in special from houston to tell us all how america... is gonna beat the russians to the moon.
man can work in the vacuum of outer space... and in a few years, on the surface of the moon.
just last december, borman and lovell in gemini 7 were met in orbit... by tom stafford and wally schirra of gemini 6.
this is emmett seaborn with a special bulletin from st. louis.
american astronauts elliott see and charles bassett... have died in a crash of their t-38 jet aircraft.
the gemini astronauts were flying to lambert field... to inspect their space capsule at the mcdonnell aircraft corporation... when the plane carrying the two astronauts... smashed into the roof of the assembly plant.
as crew of gemini 9... the pair were to have flown into space in early june.
does that mean we're pushin' too hard... with our guys flyin' all over the country in bad weather?
these are pilots who have to fly through a lot worse than overcast skies.
you don't think congress is gonna ask me how something' like that happened?
they'll slow us down, cancel missions, just so they can look good.
congress would shut nasa down and russia gets to the moon in a cakewalk.
we have neil armstrong and dave scott going up in gemini 8 in two weeks.
i'll fight it out with whoever tries to close us down in washington... if for no other reason then to buy time... time to rack up a couple of successful missions... so no one has anything to complain about.
but at the same time, gentlemen, let's all say some prayers... for nothing else to go wrong.
we are on one ring, trying to save the other ring.
we started out on two rings, but we are now on one ring.
gus grissom, the apollo 1 commander, has already flown... both mercury and gemini spacecraft.
this three-man crew and the engineers... are well into the development and training phase... of apollo procedures and hardware.
should the russians beat us to the moon, mr. webb... will the costly apollo program be continued?
landing the first man on the moon is the priority of nasa... and the american taxpayers who are footing the bill.
mr. webb, nasa achievements and taxpayer will aside... are we gonna beat the russians in this contest?
will the united states put the first man on the moon?
edwin "buzz" aldrin, who had worked on orbital rendezvous... for his doctoral thesis at m.i.t.... was seated in the right-hand seat of gemini 12... when the onboard computer refused to accept data from the rendezvous radar.
using an 8-power sexton and charts... developed in the case of just such a malfunction...
aldrin guided commander jim lovell to a successful rendezvous and docking... with the agena target vehicle.
this was an important moment for nasa... as it proves the skills honed during the 10 gemini missions... can overcome potentially catastrophic problems... problems that could arise on a flight as crammed as gemini 12.
dr. rendezvous himself buzz aldrin will perform experiments... photograph star fields... and remain outside the capsule longer than any astronaut to date... using modified handrails and equipment specifically designed... for work in zero gravity.
for lovell, who will remain inside the spacecraft... these four days of orbiting the earth... together with the 14 days aboard gemini 7... will make him the most traveled man in history.
the "e" mission will do the same in high earth orbit for reentry procedures.
the "f" mission will go all the way to lunar orbit with the lem but won't land.
that will be the objective of whoever takes the first "g" mission.
now, each of these missions must be successfully completed... before we can move on to the next type of mission.
if we have problems with the rendezvous radar... or the backpacks or the retracting probe... we will go to a d-1 or a d-2 or even a d-3 mission... before we attempt the first "e" mission.
so, even though there are only five manned missions laid out... it does not necessarily mean that the fifth group... will make the first landing... which brings me to the point of this meeting.
assembled here are those of you that are left... from the original seven mercury astronauts... as well as the new nine or the next nine... or whatever you guys call yourselves... and some of the third group.
the crew assignments that will be made concern you in the following manner.
the crew is wearing full pressure suits... locked inside the hatch... confirming that the spacecraft can operate under its own power... with all the umbilical plugs connecting it to the ground removed.
even for the very first apollo mission... the plugs out test was routine and hardly considered hazardous.
for astronauts gus grissom, ed white and roger chaffee... it was supposed to be just another long afternoon... spent on their backs inside the apollo 1 command module.
another test of the complicated vehicle... that would someday perhaps take all three of them... on a voyage from the earth to the moon.
joe flew back to houston and i went for the pad.
don't really know why i went out there with the guys.
i didn't come here from langley to put a good face on this for my employers.
the way i see it, while we're doing this... we're not working for nasa.
we haven't finished our analysis, but i'd have to say no.
that's a long way away from where we think that fire started.
but we all know that that wrench... had absolutely nothing to do with the fire.
a number of people have told me gus wasn't happy with north american.
when you get up in zero "g," crap starts floating around.
but put a little on your pen and on the bulkhead and, presto.
then maybe there's just a few too many bits of it in there.
so wherever velcro is... there should be at least four inches between it and any ignition source.
you were conducting it at sea level... where the atmospheric pressure is already 14.8.
that means that in order to simulate... the positive pressure of space flight, you had to add some p.s.i.
from our fire propagation test and analysis of the spacecraft... we believe the fire started down here.
because of the severity of the fire damage in this part of the spacecraft... we'll never know for certain how the fire started.
our best guess is... that a wire was resting against the inside of this panel door here.
after the door opened and shut a few times... the teflon insulation became abraded in two spots.
disassembly of the apollo 1 command module... was completed at the kennedy space center... on march 27, 1967, during the first shift.
you keep working these hours, you're gonna have a heart attack.
ron's eating soft food in a soft room now... but at least he's alive.
quality control inspector out at the cape... that drove his whole family out in front of a train... wasn't so lucky.
one of those psychiatrists complained that seeing' you was a waste of time.
i don't want you to think that this reflects on what i think of you.
but there was negligence on the part of north american... was there not?
i don't see how you can call what they did negligence... unless you mean that a company is negligent... if 100%of its work is not done without a mistake.
i want there to be no american children going hungry in any of our cities.
i want to do something about our boys dying halfway around the world.
i think that's been missing in here... this past two days.
i'd like for the record to contain at least a little bit... about the men who perished in that fire.
except for the publicity and being on display that comes with the job.
there are no front windows on the house he built for betty in timber cove... because he didn't want people looking in.
there was a story going around... that when he was on his space walk, he stayed out after being ordered in... because he was having such a good time.
it's a funny story... but it would have meant that ed white disobeyed an order.
he found out these were the fellows... that make the tools that make the machines.
none of the bigwigs escorted through there ever talked to these guys.
but roger made them feel like the most important part of the program.
this isn't a court of law, so i can ask you something... that's completely hypothetical.
our god-given curiosity will force us to go there ourselves... because, in the final analysis... only man can fully evaluate the moon... in terms understandable to other men.
at the risk of being gruesome... we've heard about the fire from everyone who was there.
when it happened they were waiting... for the test to resume.
how are we gonna get to the moon if we can't talk between three buildings?
i said, how are we gonna get to the moon... if we can't talk between two or three buildings?
they wouldn't have seen the spark that started the fire... because it was behind a panel door... down below gus' feet.
because of the oxygen, the spark was able to jump out... into the nylon netting under the seats.
gus probably saw it first because it was closest to him.
it just took me a minute or more... to tell you all that.
in actuality, from the first mention of the fire.... to the rupture of the hull, only 15 seconds went by.
it seems that some people think that nasa pressured north american... to meet unrealistic and arbitrary deadlines... and that, in turn, north american allowed safety to be compromised.
i won't deny that there's been pressure to meet deadlines... but safety has never been intentionally compromised.
we've always known there was the possibility of fire in a spacecraft.
but the fear was that it would happen in space... when you're 180 miles from terra firma and the nearest fire station.
i said to them i believed some kind of accident was probably inevitable.
i also said i thought it would be harder on those of us on the ground.
i would have been lying below the footrest... right there where it started.
i figure i had a 50-50 chance of putting it out before it got out of control.
i love those guys, and each time that happened i wanted to die.
but i've learned that you gotta let go... of the what ifs.
and no one who has gone so far as to claim that they can zero in...
on the mind of one person in a crowd of thousands.
in fact, i'd prefer you stay out of this thing altogether.
when i first met you, i figured you were just ambitious.
and sending a whole lot of agents barking down a whole lot of bad leads.
now, the kid is the key to this, and the shooter knows why.
[ door opens ] [ mulder ] how's little carnac doin' ?
put a tv in front of him, he turns right into a normal kid.
but draw the wrong kind of attention, and they'll close you down--
put an end to all your work-- something i happen to have an interest in myself.
the risks you're taking-- the long-term plans you and i talked about--
if what agent scully's found is true, and i have every reason to believe that it is,
is that why you like chess, 'cause it's just one thought that you hear ?
yeah, but that's not why i like it all the time.
they make up all this stuff to believe, but it's all made up.
some people try to be good people, but some people just don't care.
[ skinner ] they worked on her here for an hour.
they couldn't get a chopper in, so they're in radio communication with the hospital.
before being captured, without incident, a short distance from the scene.
no motive has been established, nor has the shooter offered up a statement or accomplice.
but no one that has ever been able to stand up to any rigorous testing...
and no one who has gone so far as to claim that they can zero in...
when i first met you, i figured you were just ambitious.
this morning my opinion changed, and i thought you were arrogant.
would somebody tell me why anyone would go to such great lengths to kill him ?
this kid may be the key, not just to all human potential,
if what agent scully's found is true, and i have every reason to believe that it is,
then the answers i might have spent a lifetime searching for...
science doesn't know what they're for, why they're there or where they came from.
right, and you think this has something to do with god ?
sometimes there are lots of radios, and i want to shut them off and watch some tv.
is that why you like chess, 'cause it's just one thought that you hear ?
they couldn't get a chopper in, so they're in radio communication with the hospital.
she's got weak vitals and a hole in one of her lungs, so they're not optimistic.
before being captured, without incident, a short distance from the scene.
no motive has been established, nor has the shooter offered up a statement or accomplice.
but no one that has ever been able to stand up to any rigorous testing...
and no one who has gone so far as to claim that they can zero in...
when i first met you, i figured you were just ambitious.
this morning my opinion changed, and i thought you were arrogant.
[ door opens ] [ mulder ] how's little carnac doin'?
put a tv in front of him, he turns right into a normal kid.
and i think how it might have been if i'd stayed.
we'd all be blown up by some terrorist bomb, no doubt, huh?
would somebody tell me why anyone would go to such great lengths to kill him?
this kid may be the key, not just to all human potential,
is that why you like chess, 'cause it's just one thought that you hear?
yeah, but that's not why i like it all the time.
they make up all this stuff to believe, but it's all made up.
some people try to be good people, but some people just don't care.
[ skinner ] they worked on her here for an hour.
they couldn't get a chopper in, so they're in radio communication with the hospital.
before being captured, without incident, a short distance from the scene.
no motive has been established, nor has the shooter offered up a statement or accomplice.
but no one that has ever been able to stand up to any rigorous testing...
and no one who has gone so far as to claim that they can zero in...
when i first met you, i figured you were just ambitious.
this morning my opinion changed, and i thought you were arrogant.
and i think how it might have been if i'd stayed.
we'd all be blown up by some terrorist bomb, no doubt, huh ?
something peculiar in an area of the brain that we are only beginning to understand--
an area of the temporal lobe that neuro-physicists are calling the "god module."
would somebody tell me why anyone would go to such great lengths to kill him ?
this kid may be the key, not just to all human potential,
if what agent scully's found is true, and i have every reason to believe that it is,
then the answers i might have spent a lifetime searching for...
science doesn't know what they're for, why they're there or where they came from.
right, and you think this has something to do with god ?
sometimes there are lots of radios, and i want to shut them off and watch some tv.
is that why you like chess, 'cause it's just one thought that you hear ?
they couldn't get a chopper in, so they're in radio communication with the hospital.
she's got weak vitals and a hole in one of her lungs, so they're not optimistic.
the trajectory of the shot suggests the shooter acted alone, but we cannot rule out an accomplice or conspiracy.
a single bullet was fired from a catwalk at a steep angle, striking the target just right of the solar plexus.
we tested him with zener cards, random numbers, a variety of esp tasking.
he's got ability to not just focus on a thought but a multitude of thoughts at once.
i've conducted some tests on gibson praise, and have come up with some rather unexpected conclusions.
ones which i myself have difficulty reconciling with what i know.
i hope i'm not going to hear that this kid is the next christ child.
aii of the boy's brain processes are showing extraordinary activity in exactly this part of the brain, which is not just abnormal or anomalous, but, from what i know, absolutely unheard of.
but the shooter can, the assassin that you have locked up, in exchange for immunity.
you wanna give a murderer a free ride for the secrets to the pyramids?
they make up all this stuff to believe, but it's all made-up.
some people try to be good people but some people just don't care.
before being captured, without incident, a short distance from the scene.
no motive has been established, nor has the shooter offered up a statement or accomplice.
but no one that has ever been able to stand up to any rigorous testing...
and no one who has gone so far as to claim that they can zero in...
when i first met you, i figured you were just ambitious.
this morning my opinion changed, and i thought you were arrogant.
and i think how it might have been if i'd stayed.
we'd all be blown up by some terrorist bomb, no doubt, huh ?
something peculiar in an area of the brain that we are only beginning to understand--
an area of the temporal lobe that neuro-physicists are calling the "god module."
would somebody tell me why anyone would go to such great lengths to kill him ?
this kid may be the key, not just to all human potential,
if what agent scully's found is true, and i have every reason to believe that it is,
then the answers i might have spent a lifetime searching for...
science doesn't know what they're for, why they're there or where they came from.
right, and you think this has something to do with god ?
sometimes there are lots of radios, and i want to shut them off and watch some tv.
is that why you like chess, 'cause it's just one thought that you hear ?
they couldn't get a chopper in, so they're in radio communication with the hospital.
she's got weak vitals and a hole in one of her lungs, so they're not optimistic.
using a weapon registered to a us intelligence agency, the shooter fired one shot at anatol klevinol before being captured without incident a short distance from the scene.
no motive has been established, nor has the shooter offered a statement or accomplice.
i took an assignment in europe after the wall came down, when the director stepped up foreign terrorism concerns.
and they brought you on this because of a terrorism angle?
we tested him with zener cards, random numbers, a variety of esp tasking.
he's got ability to not just focus on a thought but a multitude of thoughts at once.
i've conducted some tests on gibson praise, and have come up with some rather unexpected conclusions.
ones which i myself have difficulty reconciling with what i know.
i hope i'm not going to hear that this kid is the next christ child.
all of the boy's brain processes are showing extraordinary activity in exactly this part of the brain, which is not just abnormal or anomalous, but, from what i know, absolutely unheard of.
but the shooter can, the assassin that you have locked up, in exchange for immunity.
you wanna give a murderer a free ride for the secrets to the pyramids?
they make up all this stuff to believe, but it's all made-up.
some people try to be good people but some people just don't care.
that day, virglio was going to assure a win for the underdog.
few people went to that game... apart from two reporters who had no choice.
i thank god for all his help i've worked very hard...
i'm determined and i intend to go on doing a good job.
with the help of god, i could do a great job.
a very determined job as you could see... and i intend to go on doing it.
he's a bit too busy, but i promise you... he'll see you this week.
the guy is laid back, but he only thinks of you... he's mad about you.
and that was r. kelly's "i believe i can fly"... closing today's program.
on sundays we have surprises... and today it won't be different.
if blue thinks he's gonna hit the jackpot abroad, he's wrong.
in places like italy, germany, they even kill turks... not to mention blacks.
we performed a mri... but the medical department decided not to operate... so that he can recuperate sooner.
the md believes this treatment... and the physical therapy will resolve caco's problem.
tell you something, man, it was not the ref only, no way.
if caco was playing, they'd be dead in the 1st half.
it seems that edii, the coach caught a sudden flu... and hasn't come down from his room yet.
one thing is sure: the flu also got one of the players.
diado,dipai,cabeo... ball to vladimirzinho... having the great daro pereyra on one side... and super z maria on the other.
a little further ahead, roberto melangeiro... he passes to capito, who leaves it to neto... he stops the ball,zizinho comes runningwith all his elegance... and delivers a great ball to pago, then fast to edmundo... the "animal" treats the ball right, leaves it to lenidas... let him,because the "black diamond" knows what to do!
comes luizo pereira, he regains the control... goes playingwith captain carlos alberto torres... crosses to ademir da guia... the "divine"passes to dudu, dudu to leivinha...
leivinha passes back to dudu right on the spot... a great ball to dr. scrates... with his heel,a great ball to casagrande!
oberdan puts the ball on the game,it goes up... and togetherwith it flvio roberto dias... pretty close is amaral, and now comes badeco... watching the game,alfredo mostarda, formiga and paran... but the ball reaches baslio, the "angel's feet"... then to renato, to toninho guerreiro... there's czar,cludio ado, there's mirandinha in the field...
evair"the prince" clears the way... but ramos delgado crosses him and goes on playingwith class... he chooses luizinho to control the game...
he's gonna cross the ball up front... here comes paulo borges, "risadinha"...
aladim,edu bala and eder... also gino,durval and pepe... back nena follows from a distant... the backs stop it, it's left to dener... he dribbles one, two, three... boom-boom-boom,go,boy... he passes to careca... he's smart,he knows how to treat the ball... coming from the side, tite asks forthe ball...
haunting locations will take us back to pivotal moments during the epic disaster.
newly discovered artifacts are helping to piece together titanic's untold stories.
i think in order to get a full picture of what that night was like, you need to know the people who were involved in that situation.
by knowing the characters in the drama, by knowing the people, you get a much better insight into the great drama of that night.
as part of haas' mission, he will also look for artifacts, personal objects which may provide clues to titantic's story.
when nautile leaves these decks, she will drop two and a half miles into the atlantic, into a hostile world.
a place of freezing temperatures, bone crushing pressure and desolate darkness.
if something goes wrong at the site, there is no chance of a rescue.
the titanic is the piece of our history and it's just special in every direction.
tulloch is joined by titanic historian and haas' writing partner, jack eaton.
for historians studying titanic, much of what they know is based on testimony taken after the disaster.
hearings were held in both the united states and britain which investigated the reason for her sinking.
in their research, historians have learned most about passengers who traveled lavishly in first and second class.
people such as emily ryerson and lawrence beesley have given us a glimpse of what that horrific night was like.
your approach to the titanic is pretty much like hovering over a beach in a helicopter.
you see the sand rolling under you and your navigating forward at maybe two or three miles an hour.
your first reaction is, it's almost an automatic, "oh my god."
titanic is, it's still a very, very beautiful ship to see.
these are the b deck doorways, the so called shell doors.
when you boarded the ship at southampton in england, you would essentially have gone through these doors and the purser would greet you there.
but historian charles haas can see past the decay to the people who once walked these decks.
as the crew of nautile moves to a new location, twelve thousand feet above them at the surface, members of the expedition team help navigate the wreck
we're looking now down at the third class area, the so called forward well deck
and it was here that third class passengers were enjoying themselves and coming out for recreation.
for one first class passenger, none of titantic's palatial amenities are enticing.
mrs. emily ryerson's eldest son has been killed in a car crash in america.
the team moves forward along the bow to one of titanic's most famous locations.
between the first and second funnel, there was a magnificent dome which sat atop an area known as the grand staircase.
titanic's chief designer, thomas andrews, spends his sunday reviewing the ship's plans and inspecting the vessel for any subtle imperfections.
titanic is the greatest achievement to date of his ascending career.
for passengers like the lindells, the frigid air is enough to keep them indoors.
mrs. emily ryerson, however, makes a rare appearance outside her cabin to enjoy the quiet evening with a friend.
titanic holds the place in the public interest for a number of reasons of course.
the first... is that it was probably the first major disaster to be covered by all of the media.
there were some very early disasters in the 20th century but titanic was the first one that made such a worldwide impact.
people from the outset could identify with people on board the ship and this is something that has remained over the years.
titanic stood as a pinnacle of human ingenuity in a time of unbridled optimism.
there was great optimism that the age was going to improve.
they had such modern things as telephone and automobiles and even airplanes.
and how far are these wonderful scientific devices going to take us?
above the wreck, nautile moves to a haunting location in the story.
the submersible is guided to the devastated remains of the forward funnel.
titanic had, of course, four funnels connected to the boiler rooms.
so what we're looking at here is a giant tube in effect.
and if we were to pursue it further, we would find ourselves way down in the titantic's boiler rooms.
the massive boilers located deep in the belly of the ship were titanic's source of power.
in a few short hours, he will find himself in a pitched battle for survival.
second class passenger, lawrence beesley, fills out a claim form so that he can retrieve his valuables from the purser's safe.
after dinner, mr. carter invited all who wished to the saloon and with the assistance at the piano, he started passengers singing hymns.
he was curious to see how many chose hymns dealing with dangers at sea.
ice report, latitude 42 degrees north to 41 degrees, twenty-five minutes north.
saw much heavy pack ice and great number of large icebergs.
the warning should have been delivered to second offiicer charles lightoller who was working on the bridge.
the one vital report that came through but which never reached the bridge was received from the mesaba.
with the stage now set for disaster, the nautile approaches an eerie scene.
we are hovering over the fallen forward mast and you see the remains of the crow's nest.
between frederick fleet's warning of the berg and the collision, it was just thirty-seven seconds of time.
as titanic begins to turn, it looks as if the ship will clear the iceberg.
but an underwater ledge pierces titanic's steel hull, buckling plates, causing thin separations in her side.
there came what seemed to me, nothing more than an extra heave of the engines, nothing more than that, no sound of a crash or anything else.
i was just about ready for the land of nod when i felt a sudden vibrating jar run through the ship.
not that it was by any means a violent concussion but just a distinct and unpleasant break in the monotony of her motion.
if they keep this section from flooding, they believe they can save the ship.
they do not know that titanic's designer has already declared her doomed.
from the boiler rooms, nautile travels to a location where another battle was fought.
above this fatal wound in the ship lies titanic's mail room.
among the greatest heroes of titantic's story, i think, are the postal workers.
there were more than thirty- five hundred bags of mail onboard...
as titanic's mail room floods, the postal workers drag the mail to higher ground.
as they work, the rising water rapidly pursues them, lapping at their heels at each level.
in a desperate attempt to summon help, they send a newly adopted distress code sos.
titanic is one of the first ships in history to send the call.
what we are looking at now is the interior of the ship's wireless room.
here the radio operators jack phillips and harold bride were given the information that the titanic was doomed.
recognizing the fatal damage to titanic, designer thomas andrews calmly works to prepare the passengers for the lifeboats.
he knows, regardless of his effort, there will be a tragic loss of life.
third class passengers august wennerstrom and the lindells are left on their own.
as they head for the lifeboats, the stern begins to rise out of the water.
we saw the sea climbing up the deck more quickly than before.
i could see that everyone was clamoring aft and trying to keep from sliding down the slanting deck which was growing steeper.
as each fire is put out, the hold fills with steam.
blinded by black dust and steam, one of barrett's companions falls into an open manhole.
his leg is shattered and barrett drags him to a pump room.
nearly two hours after impact, a weakened wall caves in and the sinking of
lawrence beesley climbs aboard barrett's boat when no more women or children are nearby.
on the opposite side of the ship, one man wrestles with his conscience.
my husband said, "when they say women and children first, you must go."
and i said, "why do i have to go on that boat?"
with few lifeboats left, people take the threat of sinking seriously.
now the challenge for the crew is to keep people from mobbing the remaining boats.
although i struggled and kicked for all i was worth, it was impossible to get away.
every instant expecting myself shot down into the bowels of the ship.
as she swung out, her lights, which had shown without a flicker all night, went out suddenly.
came on again for a single flash and then went out all together.
the lindells manage to find a lifeboat but the boat overturns sending them helplessly back into the sea.
for how long a time i was away from the boat, i don't know.
your emotional attachment to a particular object eventually evolves into a great deal of anxiousness about its future.
and when you see the artifacts being brought up and in particular when you see them being conserved that anxiousness is replaced by a great, great deal of happiness that you've preserved them for the future.
after a day of exploration, nautile returns to the surface with precious cargo.
on the fantail of nadir, the newly discovered artifact is shared with the crew.
in a warehouse in hamburg, germany, people line up to visit an extraordinary exhibit of titanic artifacts.
historians charles haas and jack eaton and expedition leader, george tulloch take in the emotional display.
they have come to see fragments of history, some of which they have helped to rescue from certain oblivion.
certain objects here played a critical role during titanic's final hours.
barrett survived the disaster and continued to work most of his life out at sea.
one of titanic's brass bells, a symbol of her elite offiicers, including second offiicer charles lightoller.
during world war ii, he used his yacht in daring missions to aid the british war effort.
this claim check, number two, oh, eight, belonged to lawrence beesley and it was retrieved from the ocean bottom.
beesley lived to be eighty-nine and write one of the most significant accounts of the titanic tragedy.
women's jewelry, reminds us that many of titanic's survivors were widowed that night.
they forge a link across a century to a vanished time.
this clarinet and these letters of love found in a man's suitcase give us an intimate glimpse into a life we would have known nothing about, a life like many others forever changed by titanic.
is it true that you and maxime had a mistress in common... the famous danceusce?
"oh, she was famous all right but not for le dance"
"what's the point in going, if you're not gonna marry me anymore?"
you can go fly a kite while i marry somebody that i like...
i ordered you to get in the car with that man?
"'was you're doing yeah on account of your sick jealous phobia,"
"especially now, i could start getting big all of a sudden"
doesn't matter... we'll just tell the dressmaker to hurry up and finish your gown...
is it true that you and maxime had a mistress in common... the famous danceusce?
"oh, she was famous all right but not for le dance"
"what's the point in going, if you're not gonna marry me anymore?"
you can go fly a kite while i marry somebody that i like...
i ordered you to get in the car with that man?
"'was you're doing yeah on account of your sick jealous phobia,"
"especially now, i could start getting big all of a sudden"
doesn't matter... we'll just tell the dressmaker to hurry up and finish your gown...
is it true that you and maxime had a mistress in common... the famous danceusce?
"oh, she was famous all right but not for le dance"
"what's the point in going, if you're not gonna marry me anymore?"
you can go fly a kite while i marry somebody that i like...
i ordered you to get in the car with that man?
"'was you're doing yeah on account of your sick jealous phobia,"
"especially now, i could start getting big all of a sudden"
doesn't matter... we'll just tell the dressmaker to hurry up and finish your gown...
for your information, i don't go with those kind of women!
don't be wayward with me, lola... or you'll make me lack respect...
i've something for you, dear ...the good pope, john the 23rd, he'll always protect you...
see if the water's boiling and check the salt a little bit too salty...
carla ...shameless, twat yet she lives in constant fear, which lends a certain licentiousness where did you come across her...?
she was in michelle's atelier looking for a dress, 't was just a candid shot, she wasn't really posing...
bravo andre, show everyone that toi c'est toi... and that it's their choice whether to take you or leave you
merci, mon ami, i'll walk with you... it's a beautiful day!
are you crazy only a few days before our wedding, n' you want to ruin it all...
don't worry it's not gonna get ruined what if i don't like you, and it's all wrong...
you're worried i'm gonna betray you, and put the horns on you
which is what you deserve probably, you think virginity... is an insurance policy against your getting the horns!
get the damn thing started, i don't wanna get there too late, for my bridal gown i'm supposed to try it on...
what's the point in going, if you're not gonna marry me anymore?
you can go fly a kite while i marry somebody that i like...
what the hell is the matter with this all of a sudden?
it's not like we were back in palermo... we're up north...
they're nice, they don't get offended, when you happen to look at their broads
look i came here to get laid, not to fuck around...
yeah well, before you start tootsie, let's dry you up a little, huh?
she must really be in love with you, if she's ready to give up her panties for you
so tell me what did you fight over, another of your ugly jealous rows?
she could've been your daughter, but you preferred her to be mine!
...and i played along, letting you live in the doubt, a doubt that would protect her, ...while saving our own love, but nothing will stop you, nothing!
no, today no bread, ...just masetto you just stay outta there, you hear!
eh, he's got a supplementary batch to do, don't distract him sweetie...
well, as far as that goes, you look like a pretzel
every minute of the day you're jealous, you in that bar with those soldiers and all, and then you ordering me to get into the car of that awful man
i ordered you to get in the car with that man?
'was you're doing yeah on account of your sick jealous phobia, 'and you wanna know what took place in there, ...want the details...?
i took a back alley the minute i got into his car the pervert finally parks, and i'm sitting there like a goose, then all of a sudden... he notices i don't have any panties
i did everything to break away, but he, he, he... jumped on top of me, and tied my arms and legs...
it's just what i need, especially now, i could start getting big all of a sudden
doesn't matter... we'll just tell the dressmaker to hurry up and finish your gown...
i was already chef on the normandie, she was the cloak girl in first class.
she had on a black uniform, with a white collar, black stockings, and pure white skin.
here, on the other hand, i laugh at all the trouble the world's getting itself into.
it's enough for me to have what i want on my plate and in my bed.
i want to put in a breadstick factory, to start in the mass production of sliced bread and egg noodles for export to germany, perhaps even opening a modern farm for egg-laying hens, with mechanized transportation of fodder.
there are so many things, lola, that i want to do with you!
she must really love you to sacrifice her panties for you!
so, come on, tell me, why did you have a fight?
i was already chef on the normandie, she was the cloak girl in first class.
she had on a black uniform, with a white collar, black stockings, and pure white skin.
here, on the other hand, i laugh at all the trouble the world's getting itself into.
it's enough for me to have what i want on my plate and in my bed.
she must really love you to sacrifice her panties for you!
so, come on, tell me, why did you have a fight?
and that's the trouble with a private enterprise everyone's in such a hurry, there's no time for intimacies.
in the old days, in the brothels, you joked around with the clients, you had conversations...
and you get steamed up at me just because you can't make it with lola?
listen, faggot, you're not even allowed to think the name lola, is that clear?
 you touch their tits and their pussies get wet 
 i too, work the same way... you touch my belly 
for your information, i don't go with those kind of women!
don't be wayward with me, lola... or you'll make me lack respect...
i've something for you, dear ...the good pope, john the 23rd, he'll always protect you...
see if the water's boiling and check the salt a little bit too salty...
carla ...shameless, twat yet she lives in constant fear, which lends a certain licentiousness where did you come across her...?
she was in michelle's atelier looking for a dress, 't was just a candid shot, she wasn't really posing...
bravo andre, show everyone that toi c'est toi... and that it's their choice whether to take you or leave you
merci, mon ami, i'll walk with you... it's a beautiful day!
are you crazy only a few days before our wedding, n' you want to ruin it all...
don't worry it's not gonna get ruined what if i don't like you, and it's all wrong...
you're worried i'm gonna betray you, and put the horns on you
which is what you deserve probably, you think virginity... is an insurance policy against your getting the horns!
get the damn thing started, i don't wanna get there too late, for my bridal gown i'm supposed to try it on...
what's the point in going, if you're not gonna marry me anymore?
you can go fly a kite while i marry somebody that i like...
what the hell is the matter with this all of a sudden?
it's not like we were back in palermo... we're up north...
they're nice, they don't get offended, when you happen to look at their broads
look i came here to get laid, not to fuck around...
yeah well, before you start tootsie, let's dry you up a little, huh?
she must really be in love with you, if she's ready to give up her panties for you
so tell me what did you fight over, another of your ugly jealous rows?
she could've been your daughter, but you preferred her to be mine!
...and i played along, letting you live in the doubt, a doubt that would protect her, ...while saving our own love, but nothing will stop you, nothing!
no, today no bread, ...just masetto you just stay outta there, you hear!
eh, he's got a supplementary batch to do, don't distract him sweetie...
well, as far as that goes, you look like a pretzel
every minute of the day you're jealous, you in that bar with those soldiers and all, and then you ordering me to get into the car of that awful man
i ordered you to get in the car with that man?
'was you're doing yeah on account of your sick jealous phobia, 'and you wanna know what took place in there, ...want the details...?
i took a back alley the minute i got into his car the pervert finally parks, and i'm sitting there like a goose, then all of a sudden... he notices i don't have any panties
i did everything to break away, but he, he, he... jumped on top of me, and tied my arms and legs...
it's just what i need, especially now, i could start getting big all of a sudden
doesn't matter... we'll just tell the dressmaker to hurry up and finish your gown...
i'll never forget the first time i saw her, in le havre.
i was already chef on the normand/e, she was the cloak girl in first class.
thank you child, thank you, god bless you, thank you so much.
is it true that you and maxim had a lover in common?
she must really love you to sacrifice her panties for you!
so, come on, tell me, why did you have a fight?
is it true that you and maxime had a mistress in common... the famous danceusce?
"oh, she was famous all right but not for le dance"
"what's the point in going, if you're not gonna marry me anymore?"
you can go fly a kite while i marry somebody that i like...
i ordered you to get in the car with that man?
"'was you're doing yeah on account of your sick jealous phobia,"
"especially now, i could start getting big all of a sudden"
doesn't matter... we'll just tell the dressmaker to hurry up and finish your gown...
for your information, i don't go with those kind of women!
don't be wayward with me, lola... or you'll make me lack respect...
i've something for you, dear ...the good pope, john the 23rd, he'll always protect you...
see if the water's boiling and check the salt a little bit too salty...
carla ...shameless, twat yet she lives in constant fear, which lends a certain licentiousness where did you come across her...?
she was in michelle's atelier looking for a dress, 't was just a candid shot, she wasn't really posing...
bravo andre, show everyone that toi c'est toi... and that it's their choice whether to take you or leave you
merci, mon ami, i'll walk with you... it's a beautiful day!
are you crazy only a few days before our wedding, n' you want to ruin it all...
don't worry it's not gonna get ruined what if i don't like you, and it's all wrong...
you're worried i'm gonna betray you, and put the horns on you
which is what you deserve probably, you think virginity... is an insurance policy against your getting the horns!
get the damn thing started, i don't wanna get there too late, for my bridal gown i'm supposed to try it on...
what's the point in going, if you're not gonna marry me anymore?
you can go fly a kite while i marry somebody that i like...
what the hell is the matter with this all of a sudden?
it's not like we were back in palermo... we're up north...
they're nice, they don't get offended, when you happen to look at their broads
look i came here to get laid, not to fuck around...
yeah well, before you start tootsie, let's dry you up a little, huh?
she must really be in love with you, if she's ready to give up her panties for you
so tell me what did you fight over, another of your ugly jealous rows?
she could've been your daughter, but you preferred her to be mine!
...and i played along, letting you live in the doubt, a doubt that would protect her, ...while saving our own love, but nothing will stop you, nothing!
no, today no bread, ...just masetto you just stay outta there, you hear!
eh, he's got a supplementary batch to do, don't distract him sweetie...
well, as far as that goes, you look like a pretzel
every minute of the day you're jealous, you in that bar with those soldiers and all, and then you ordering me to get into the car of that awful man
i ordered you to get in the car with that man?
'was you're doing yeah on account of your sick jealous phobia, 'and you wanna know what took place in there, ...want the details...?
i took a back alley the minute i got into his car the pervert finally parks, and i'm sitting there like a goose, then all of a sudden... he notices i don't have any panties
i did everything to break away, but he, he, he... jumped on top of me, and tied my arms and legs...
it's just what i need, especially now, i could start getting big all of a sudden
doesn't matter... we'll just tell the dressmaker to hurry up and finish your gown...
so, are you gonna come along to the biggest event ever, or are you gonna stay here doing hercules things?
iolaus, is it just me, or do you remember that orpheus and eurydice used to snag victims for my brother bacchus, huh?
yeah, to put an end to this cult, once and for all.
is there any weapon i can use to fight off the bacchae?
you find her the right henry higgins, she'll be ready for a ball in no time.
leave it to you to put the "pig" back in pygmalion.
this gave me the nerve to ask her and i got myself a great big "yes".
and that wasn't the only yes i got from her that night either.
i'd hope that if a man fancied me, he wouldn't be afraid to take a chance, go for a bold gesture.
yes, we must never be too timid to pursue our heart's desire.
i know you don't think what happened was rape but... it was.
i know you don't think what happened was rape but... it was.
i said, "ma, if nono's there for thanksgiving, count me out"'
i said, "ma, if nono's there for thanksgiving, count me out"'
there's a space out back by the garbage, she'll leave him there.
there's a space out back by the garbage, she'll leave him there.
and over the course of the weekend put up with my parents
and over the course of the weekend put up with my parents with as much grace as possible, with as much grace as possible, with as much grace as possible,
but i've noticed lately that my life never seems to go as planned,
but i've noticed lately that my life never seems to go as planned,
i got this ethics paper due and then christmas is so soon anyway, so...
i got this ethics paper due and then christmas is so soon anyway, so...
i'm going to this huge family thing my brother throws on long lsland.
i'm going to this huge family thing my brother throws on long lsland.
everything that's happened lately, i'm not sure what to tell my parents.
everything that's happened lately, i'm not sure what to tell my parents.
i honestly don't want you to think i'm all screwed up cos i'm not.
i honestly don't want you to think i'm all screwed up cos i'm not.
but maybe when you said i'd be lonely staying here alone, you were right.
but maybe when you said i'd be lonely staying here alone, you were right.
but maybe when you said i'd be lonely staying here alone, you were right.
yeah, noel will be here but it's not like he's a really good friend.
yeah, noel will be here but it's not like he's a really good friend.
yeah, noel will be here but it's not like he's a really good friend.
i called my parents and told them i wasn't coming home.
i called my parents and told them i wasn't coming home.
so these are a couple of the kids from the dorm.
so these are a couple of the kids from the dorm.
- yeah, i was gonna drive but then i found this website that lists cheap flights on short notice.
but then i found this website that lists cheap flights on short notice.
see, felicity gave me a plant that she had, to watch and water, which i was happy to do, cos i'm a resident advisor.
to watch and water, which i was happy to do, cos i'm a resident advisor.
it's just that after we had that talk where you said
it's just that after we had that talk where you said it'd be better if we were together, i figured what the hell?
it means that if i want to, if we want to,
it means that if i want to, if we want to,
cos i ran around all day looking for this stupid thing.
cos i ran around all day looking for this stupid thing.
it's just a strange feeling, not being able to go to noel's room,
it's just a strange feeling, not being able to go to noel's room,
they say one thing, then panic when you call them on it.
they say one thing, then panic when you call them on it.
if it makes you feel any better, he talks about you all the time.
if it makes you feel any better, he talks about you all the time.
i'm the worst cook in the world, which noel can attest to.
i'm the worst cook in the world, which noel can attest to.
we're having a big dinner tonight, if you guys want to come.
we're having a big dinner tonight, if you guys want to come.
for two days you've either been fixing your tv or visiting friends.
for two days you've either been fixing your tv or visiting friends.
but if i told them, if they knew what happened, i swear...
but if i told them, if they knew what happened, i swear... ..that would change who i am to them.
and they would never look at me the same way again.
and they would never look at me the same way again.
it's like a chemical reaction when felicity and hanna are together.
it's like a chemical reaction when felicity and hanna are together.
but i thought it was because i missed you and was lonely.
but i thought it was because i missed you and was lonely.
i thought i'd get here and see you and we'd make this plan.
i thought i'd get here and see you and we'd make this plan.
i thought it would be too hard to try and celebrate the holiday
i thought it would be too hard to try and celebrate the holiday with new friends in this new place, with new friends in this new place, with new friends in this new place,
but then emmet and friends from work showed up with all this food,
but then emmet and friends from work showed up with all this food,
but then emmet and friends from work showed up with all this food,
it's incredible, really, one minute you're standing in this new city
it's incredible, really, one minute you're standing in this new city
it's incredible, really, one minute you're standing in this new city with nothing but your suitcase, and then you look around with nothing but your suitcase, and then you look around with nothing but your suitcase, and then you look around
you might find something useful if it's in i can read book,
you don't think angel would have gone after the judge himself?
you might find something useful if it's in i can read book,
you don't think angel would have gone after the judge himself?
you might find something useful if it's in i can read book,
you don't think angel would have gone after the judge himself?
you might find something useful if it's in i can read book,
you don't think angel would have gone after the judge himself?
you might find something useful if it's in i can read book,
you don't think angel would have gone after the judge himself?
you might find something useful if it's in i can read book,
you don't think angel would have gone after the judge himself?
when i was young i once got in a fight with yakuzas.
they thought i was brave, so they let me join them.
so, boss, don't you want to go for a little walk now?
the point of view has changed as far as i can see!
some are just unteachable, even if you threaten them, like this guy.
when i was young, i once picked a quarrel with some yakuza.
this time, he snagged a test animal from a research facility, and is on the loose.
the good news is that he's worth a whopping 8 million!
how're all you 300,000 bounty hunters in the solsolar system doing?
it's time for bigshot, the show that brings you information about fugitives!
the bell tolls for the great ones who will someday fall.
money makes the world go round but debt piles up before you know it.
working through congress, the senator from wisconsin and the legendary lawman...
vow to wipe out the red menace within our own federal government.
it was mr. cohn that brought those atomic spies, the rosenbergs, to justice.
it was his staunch defense of the american way of life...
that first brought roy cohn to the attention of senator mccarthy.
with the support of the f.b.i., mr. cohn and mr. mccarthy vowed to work tirelessly...
to root out the more than 70 suspected communist spies and the untold numbers of-- ...mccarthy vowed to work tirelessly to root out...
the more than 70 suspected communist spies and the untold numbers...
and i will subpoena you to get it if i have to.
before his disappearance, skur worked for the state department, just like your old man did.
so lying didn't sit well with me, even if i was under orders.
i wanted to leave behind the business of edward skur and never hear that name again,
why did they put out that story about him hangin' himself?
because they had to do something to cover up what they'd done to him--
we won't know for sure until we get a toxology report.
hopefully, we'll have an answer for you in six to eight weeks.
i think whatever was done to this man was also done to the man who killed my partner.
it may be the only way we have to explain how he died.
according to v.a. records, your husband underwent surgery for war injuries.
so did two other men he worked with at the state department.
using your husband and these other two men as unwitting test subjects.
i want to expose what was done to your husband, mrs. skur.
working through congress, the senator from wisconsin and the legendary lawman...
vow to wipe out the red menace within our own federal government.
it was mr. cohn that brought those atomic spies, the rosenbergs, to justice.
it was his staunch defense of the american way of life...
that first brought roy cohn to the attention of senator mccarthy.
with the support of the f.b.i., mr. cohn and mr. mccarthy vowed to work tirelessly...
to root out the more than 70 suspected communist spies and the untold numbers of--
[ video player whirring ] ...mccarthy vowed to work tirelessly to root out...
the more than 70 suspected communist spies and the untold numbers...
of fellow travelers working in our own state department. [ video player whirring ] ...spies and the untold numbers of fellow travelers working in our own state--
before his disappearance, skur worked for the state department, just like your old man did.
you had to have suspected the connection before you came here yesterday, but you said nothing.
so lying didn't sit well with me, even if i was under orders.
i wanted to leave behind the business of edward skur and never hear that name again,
why did they put out that story about him hangin' himself?
because they had to do something to cover up what they'd done to him--
we won't know for sure until we get a toxology report.
hopefully, we'll have an answer for you in six to eight weeks.
[ dale ] when your partner dies, a piece of you dies with him.
i'd been threatened by mr. cohn, but i couldn't leave it alone--
gissing and a man named skur were patients of the same doctors.
i think whatever was done to this man was also done to the man who killed my partner.
whatever was done to my husband, you're a part of it.
according to v.a. records, your husband underwent surgery for war injuries.
it's, uh, the grafting of another species into the human body.
it's a procedure that nazi doctors experimented with during the war,
did you come here to kill me, or to save me?
i'm here to help you, just like i told your wife.
it was his staunch defense of the american way of life...
that first brought roy cohn to the attention of senator mccarthy.
with the support of the f.b.i., mr. cohn and mr. mccarthy vowed to work tirelessly...
to root out the more than 70 suspected communist spies and the untold numbers of--
[ video player whirring ] ...mccarthy vowed to work tirelessly to root out...
the more than 70 suspected communist spies and the untold numbers...
before his disappearance, skur worked for the state department, just like your old man did.
youhadto have suspected the connection before you came here yesterday, but you said nothing.
[ dales ] i'd never so much as faked an expense report or used a bureau car to drive home,
so lying didn't sit well with me, even if i was under orders.
[ michel ] well, somethin' tells me he ain't gonna make it.
[ dales ] i was summoned to the bar by a man...
like you warned that doctor you murdered in chevy chase ?
look, i tried to save that man, but i was too late.
[ mccarthy on tv ] we've got to dig and root out...
the communists, the crooks and those who are bad for america.
he could have force-fed him a corrosive agent of some kind-- an acid, maybe.
except i don't know why it wouldn't have burned to the skin.
we won't know for sure until we get a toxology report.
hopefully, we'll have an answer for you in six to eight weeks.
[ dale ] when your partner dies, a piece of you dies with him.
i'd been threatened by mr. cohn, but i couldn't leave it alone--
gissing and a man named skur were patients of the same doctors.
i think whatever was done to this man was also done to the man who killed my partner.
whatever was done to my husband, you're a part of it.
according to v.a. records, your husband underwent surgery for war injuries.
it's, uh, the grafting of another species into the human body.
it's a procedure that nazi doctors experimented with during the war,
did you come here to kill me, or to save me ?
i'm here to help you, just like i told your wife.
mr dales, most of your report has been censored, as you can see.
now, if somebody's trying to bury this case, i'd like to know why.
the chief red hunters, senator mccarthy and fbi director j edgar hoover, join forces.
the senator from wisconsin and the legendary lawman vow to wipe out the red menace within our own federal government.
roy cohn, chief counsel of the mccarthy hearings, warns communist mind control can strike anywhere, at any time.
it is those americans, sympathetic to the communist cause, the so-called "fellow travelers, " who pose the greatest threat to our national security.
it was his staunch defense of the american way of life that first brought roy cohn to the attention of senator mccarthy.
with the support of the fbi, mr cohn and mr mccarthy vowed to work tirelessly to root out the more than 70 suspected communist spies and untold numbers of...
..mccarthy vowed to work tirelessly to root out the more than 70 suspected communist spies and the untold numbers of "fellow travelers " working in our own state department.
..spies and the untold numbers of "fellow travelers " working in our own state...
mr dales, i want the truth and i will subpoena you to get it if i have to.
before his disappearance, skur worked for the state department, like your old man did.
you had to have suspected the connection before yesterday, but you said nothing.
the men that edward skur killed 38 years ago... was my father involved?
to us, skur was just another name on a list, another communist spy at the state department.
we had no idea who or what edward skur really was.
no matter what i said, i was the man who'd busted her husband, turned her life upside down.
i sat there for over an hour trying to find my courage in a bottle.
julius and ethel rosenberg again managed to delay their date with the electric chair.
prosecutors are confident judge kaufman 's death sentence will be upheld by the highest court in the land.
the world still seemed clear to me that morning, despite the night before.
i still thought i knew who the bad guys and the good guys were.
i'd never so much as faked an expense report or used a bureau car to drive home, so lying didn't sit well with me, even ifl was under orders.
i wanted to forget the business with skur and never hear that name again.
i think whatever was done to this man was also done to the man who killed my partner.
it may be the only way we have to explain how he died.
i believe that they continued their work here, using your husband and these other two men as unwitting test subjects.
i want to expose what was done to your husband, mrs skur.
in 1945, at the time of the first conference to map out the peace, after the second world war, there lived within the soviet orbit 180 million people.
lined up on the antitotalitarian side at that time were one billion, 625 million people.
on our side, the figure has shrunk to around 500 million.
in other words, in less than seven years, the odds have changed from nine-to-one in our favor to eight-to-five against us.
we must do those things which even our enemies would be ashamed to do.
it is only through strength that we can make our enemies fear us and thereby ensure our own survival.
i heard that he was dead, that he had been kept in some secret lab while they finished up the experiment.
i even thought that maybe some poor innocent bastard, somebody with a conscience,
you are arthur dales, former special agent with the bureau ?
i need to ask you some questions about a man named edward skur.
working through congress, the senator from wisconsin and the legendary lawman...
vow to wipe out the red menace within our own federal government.
it was mr. cohn that brought those atomic spies, the rosenbergs, to justice.
it was his staunch defense of the american way of life...
that first brought roy cohn to the attention of senator mccarthy.
with the support of the f.b.i., mr. cohn and mr. mccarthy vowed to work tirelessly...
to root out the more than 70 suspected communist spies and the untold numbers of--
[ video player whirring ] ...mccarthy vowed to work tirelessly to root out...
so lying didn't sit well with me, even if i was under orders.
i wanted to leave behind the business of edward skur and never hear that name again,
why did they put out that story about him hangin' himself ?
because they had to do something to cover up what they'd done to him--
hopefully, we'll have an answer for you in six to eight weeks.
meanwhile, we can at least start on a physical exam of the body,
i think whatever was done to this man was also done to the man who killed my partner.
it may be the only way we have to explain how he died.
according to v.a. records, your husband underwent surgery for war injuries.
so did two other men he worked with at the state department.
using your husband and these other two men as unwitting test subjects.
i want to expose what was done to your husband, mrs. skur.
working through congress, the senator from wisconsin and the legendary lawman...
vow to wipe out the red menace within our own federal government.
it was mr. cohn that brought those atomic spies, the rosenbergs, to justice.
it was his staunch defense of the american way of life...
that first brought roy cohn to the attention of senator mccarthy.
with the support of the f.b.i., mr. cohn and mr. mccarthy vowed to work tirelessly...
to root out the more than 70 suspected communist spies and the untold numbers of- ...mccarthy vowed to work tirelessly to root out...
the more than 70 suspected communist spies and the untold numbers...
and i will subpoena you to get it if i have to.
before his disappearance, skur worked for the state department, just like your old man did.
i'd never so much as faked an expense report or used a bureau car to drive home,
so lying didn't sit well with me, even if i was under orders.
hopefully, we'll have an answer for you in six to eight weeks.
meanwhile, we can at least start on a physical exam of the body,
when your partner dies, a piece of you dies with him.
i'd been threatened by mr. cohn, but i couldn't leave it alone-
gissing and a man named skur were patients of the same doctors.
i think whatever was done to this man was also done to the man who killed my partner.
whatever was done to my husband, you're a part of it.
according to v.a. records, your husband underwent surgery for war injuries.
it's, uh, the grafting of another species into the human body.
it's a procedure that nazi doctors experimented with during the war,
did you come here to kill me, or to save me?
i'm here to help you, just like i told your wife.
it was his staunch defense of the american way of life...
that first brought roy cohn to the attention of senator mccarthy.
with the support of the f.b.i., mr. cohn and mr. mccarthy vowed to work tirelessly...
to root out the more than 70 suspected communist spies and the untold numbers of--
[ video player whirring ] ...mccarthy vowed to work tirelessly to root out...
the more than 70 suspected communist spies and the untold numbers...
[ dales ] i'd never so much as faked an expense report or used a bureau car to drive home,
so lying didn't sit well with me, even if i was under orders.
[ michel ] well, somethin' tells me he ain't gonna make it.
[ dales ] i was summoned to the bar by a man...
[ mccarthy on tv ] we've got to dig and root out...
the communists, the crooks and those who are bad for america.
hopefully, we'll have an answer for you in six to eight weeks.
meanwhile, we can at least start on a physical exam of the body,
gissing and a man named skur were patients of the same doctors.
i think whatever was done to this man was also done to the man who killed my partner.
whatever was done to my husband, you're a part of it.
according to v.a. records, your husband underwent surgery for war injuries.
it's, uh, the grafting of another species into the human body.
it's a procedure that nazi doctors experimented with during the war,
did you come here to kill me, or to save me?
i'm here to help you, just like i told your wife.
mr dales, most of your report has been censored, as you can see.
now, if somebody's trying to bury this case, i'd like to know why.
the chief red hunters, senator mccarthy and fbi director j edgar hooven join forces.
the senator from wisconsin and the legendary lawman vow to wipe out the red menace within our own federal government.
roy cohn, chief counsel of the mccarthy hearings, warns communist mind control can strike anywhere, at any time.
it is those americans, sympathetic to the communist cause, the so-called "fellow travellers", who pose the greatest threat to our national security.
it was his staunch defence of the american way of life that hrst brought roy cohn to the attention of senator mccarthy.
with the support of the fbi, mr cohn and mr mccarthy vowed to work tirelessly to root out the more than 70 suspected communist spies and untold numbers of..
you had to have suspected the connection before yesterday, but you said nothing.
the men that edward skur killed 38 years ago... was my father involved?
to us, skur was just another name on a list, another communist spy at the state department.
we had no idea who or what edward skur really was.
prosecutors are com7dent judge kaufman's death sentence will be upheld by the highest court in the land.
(dales) the world still seemed clear to me that morning, despite the night before.
we are fighting a powerful enemy in a war of ideology.
in any war there are secrets, truths that must be kept from the public in order to serve the greater good.
i think whatever was done to this man was also done to the man who killed my partner.
it may be the only way we have to explain how he died.
lined up on the anti-totalitarian side at that time were one billion, 625 million people.
today, mr dales, just seven years later, there are 800 million people under the absolute domination of soviet russia.
in other words, in less than seven years, the odds have changed from nine-to-one in our favour to eight-to-five against us.
the threat of global communist domination is a reality that can be ignored only at the risk of our own annihilation.
it is only through strength that we can make our enemies fear us and thereby ensure our own survival.
you have one chance, mr dales, to save yourself, to demonstrate that you have the strength to serve your country.
i heard that he was dead, that he had been kept in some secret lab while they finished up the experiment.
i even thought that maybe some poor innocent bastard, somebody with a conscience,
"i believe that they have chosen me to pursue a self
"what is literature, but the illumination of that which i would write?
look, we all know how important these you-know-whats are to our futures, not only here at pennbrook, but for the rest of our lives.
but the only way we're gonna do well is if we relax.
"and a breath that fills my lungs with the air between two stars
"if you were now to capture the image of this elation
you have no idea what my poetry is about, do you?
that poem that feeny read in class, do you even know what that was about?
a recent university study showed that nonstop focusing on one's studies hindered performance.
so it's a good idea to put down the books and clear one's mind.
this whole atonement kick you've been on lately it's not you.
you're full of fire, bending the world to your will full of rage and revenge.
i knew you were trying before, xena, but i didn't know
no, no, i didn't, it wa, none of this is real!
you've been plucked out from the heart of our lives for so long.
now we're grateful you've come back to the place you belong.
if your child had lived, we'd surely make her welcome too.
you and me love peace with the ducks and goats and geese.
why are you being jealous if your two brothers are trying to escape.
if three brothers escape together that will make me very happy.
had we not punched you in time, he'd have shot into your temples instead of warming, your family would've been weeping by now.
even if you're getting any warmth that would be from funeral pyre.
and forgive sir, we'd have been standing there to salute you.
why do you keep talking about the death that hasn't come?
we aren't talking about death - we are talking about saving you.
we risked our life to save you and we also caught the criminals.
as you like. lf the proceeding is over, can i get something to eat.
if you're ready for marriage - then food is also ready, brother.
book a room in anybody's name - and just close the door.
what goes on behind the closed door - nobody will know.
- yes ... ls this the way to talk with a girl?
i know our inspector has died, but this girl is so perplexed ... i'm taking her statement ...
if one unformed officer can't trust another ... how will outsiders trust them?
sir, i trust the uniform - but not the man wearing it !
i live in you home, naturally i'll use some of your things.
i too live in your home, i never use any of your things.
on the oath of your uniform - you aren't messing with my sister.
not until now, but the way you're blaming, i think i should do ...
now i won't allow pyare mohan to live in my home.
look arjun, not only pyare mohan your sister too loves him.
and i know although you're hard on him, but you too like pyare mohan.
you haven't found about murderer - perhaps you too have affair with ...
some queen had come here and she left her baggage ... !
you stupid, we are standing near the baggage and it lies before us...
you're asking address of barmaid at the door of a bar !
this entire market is called thieves bazaar ... and this shop belongs to its uncrowned king sharafat ali.
a girl praises only when she has some kind feelings in heart.
have a taste of my love don't by shy, my darling."
tell me who you buy from and where do you sell?
if i tell truthfully, you too will be in a problem.
you know 1/2 kohinoor diamond is in england ... and the other 1/2 has come back to india.
that 1/2 is kept in museum so people may see it.
steal it for me. i'll give your asking price i read it'll be on public display after a few days.
it'll be delivered to you as soon as it is displayed.
similarly, if anybody picks up the diamond, the alarms will go on.
a strong light will be beamed from here to that cage above.
and the cage will fall on the head of the thief.
oh, if the cage falls the thief will become an omelet.
if you help us sell - we will get some money.
entire thieves bazaar will be sold out but not this diamond.
we've contacted interpol, our anti-terrorism people are monitoring our home-grown crazies.
by the way, we're putting our usual turf skirmishes on hold.
we faxed a bulletin to every bio-supply house in the us and overseas.
i'm putting together a joint task force, law enforcement and the cdc.
downing was also smart enough to have his girlfriend do all the dirty work.
and smart enough to keep most of the money for himself.
that's because you were at theresa's place, just like every other morning, yeah?
that's where you dumped the needle you used to kill your boy.
downing had to dump the needle at theresa's on the way to the airport.
i know it's a long shot, but we could start canvassing the cab companies.
we still have six days to present our case to the grand jury before downing's ror'd.
if you can't convince me how are you gonna convince them?
sounds like a guy whose whole life turned out to be one huge disappointment.
stuck in a boring job, feels like he settled when he married his wife.
to do what he did, you have to be one sick bastard.
like that guy in california, torched his kid rather than lose custody.
mr. downing said some things in therapy that should convince them he's capable of this.
we can indict him by the end of the week, we can keep him locked up.
there was no private communication between mr. downing and his doctor.
your honor, mr. mccoy's playing games here with rules of evidence.
there's no animal in the world that makes footprints like that, is there?
i told them this is not your field, but they never listen to genius.
among those unhappy citizens are the managers of the stores-.- along pricey fifth and madison avenue.
the warner bros- and disney stores have been cleared out by looters.
if i'm wrong on this evacuation, they'll string me up from the liberty for ch.
didn't we agree that we weren't to have any sweets until after the election?
that's why we have to find the nest as soon as possible.
otherwise up to a dozen are going to be born... each one capable of laying eggs on its own.
if they get out, they'll multiply and soon a new species will emerge-
one that could replace us as the dominant species of this planet.
adaptive and cunning, these 200 could become 40,000 within this year.
if the military is listening to this broadcast-.- they have to destroy this building immediately.-.
regardless of what happens to us, the most important thing... is that this building be destroyed immediately before they escape.
reporting live from madison square garden... this is audrey timmonds for widf news.
i worked at the players club 4 years before it burnt down... and to tell you the truth, i,m glad it,s gone.
when i was a senior in high school... all i wanted to do was attend a famous black college... and study journalism.
at least until... my 18-year-oid cousin ebony moved here from tallahassee... a month before finals.
and my mama told her mama i would keep her out of trouble.
mr. st. touis is coming to your club... and he wants a payment of $10,000.
if you don,t pay him, he don,t pay me... and i,m gonna take that real personal and come get you.
you better go on back out there... and get out my face before you get swole.
hey, i ain,t trying to come here... muscle you, nothin, iike that.
well, ronnie and tricks came up to me last night... and asked if i wanted to make some extra money.
they knew about some party at the belmont... and they wanted some dancers, so i went.
now if you looking for some fine asses... you need to keep on looking.
but if you,re looking for the hos with bullet holes... cigarette burns, and stab wounds... you in the right goddamn spot.
now watch your tone... and keep your hands on your head.
if you see dollar bill, tell him he,s got some warrants.
she was a premier dancer in the underground railroad... when kunta kinte was big ballin, and shot callin,.
everybody says that trix is for kids... and she got four of them motherfuckers... so give it up for tricks.
i don,t want to hear nothin, about her being in that bar.
i can,t stop her from doing what she want to do.
you going to mess around and be just like diamond,s ass.
four years going to be done passed you by... and you going to be riding around in a honda accord.
you probably only going to make enough money... to buy yourself a honda civic.
i,m going to tell you the truth... because i,m tired of fucking around with you.
word on the street is that you out there... dancing butt naked at the players club.
me and my boys was wondering... if you could break us off a little lunch table dance.
i want you to listen to me, t,ii man... and i want you to listen to me real good.
you tell biack-ass he better not make me... get out this goddamn car.
i got tuke and some of his friends in the limo.
they want to know if they can attend your club tonight.
i,ii be at my mom,s till i find a new place to stay.
bitch, you think i was gonna let you get away with that?
get your shit and get the fuck out of my house!
sometimes blood ain,t no thicker than water... and sometimes family will bring you down quicker than strangers.
reggie and clyde were last seen at the freaknik in atlanta.
as for brooklyn and k.c... they,re still working for st. touis... and st. touis is still runnin, the south.
u.s. army sgt. donald white, who fought bravely with the creature, and lost an arm in the process, is now undergoing treatment at a u.s. army hospital.
after a thorough examination, u.s. army medical staff have identified, an unknown virus, primarily in body parts, that came into contact with the creature.
i can't give any of that information without the approval of the united states.
the u.s. army has shipped a sample of the virus to the u.s.
center for disease control, which confirmed that the creature from the han river, as with the chinese civet wild cat and sars, is the host of this deadly new virus.
all military units sent to pursue and capture the creature, have been recalled due to the risk of infection.
the superior archer who escaped in addition, the daughter among the escaped family members
the superior archer who escaped is confirmed to be park nam-joo, national bronze medalist in archery.
in this way, he lacked protein when he needed it most.
so that's why, every now and then, he dozes off like a sick rooster.
sgt. donald of the 8th u.s. army, who through his act of courage revealed, to the world the existence of the virus, died today at 4:20 pm.
as condolences flood in from all over the world, 8th u.s. army commander greenfield held a rare press conference.
have you considered contacting television stations or human rights organizations, something?
have you considered contacting television stations or human rights organizations, something?
make a list of the top 10 things you want to eat when we get out.
we have a food stand, so i'll get you whatever you want.
but something tells me... that you'd be able to convince the jury that this was my fault.
you know i'm not just asking you to dinner as a preemptive strike against litigation.
you and all your junk from the catalogs will be gone... and the cat will be there waiting for me, purring contentedly.
well, the least i can do after taking your last quarter is let you buy me a drink.
and in my experience... it extends to other aspects of an individual's personality.
last time i saw him, harry was wearing a blue sweater and an idiotic expression.
and then his consummate laziness and lack of imagination became tediously self-evident.
every time, everything was exactly the same as the time previous.
it was as if he had followed some step-by-step instructional video.
and about two weeks ago, guess what i found in the apartment.
what's great about you and me... right here, this very moment, is that we don't come through that door with a lot of baggage.
we don't come through that door with any baggage at all.
- anyway, it turns out... on their travels together cousin sebastian liked to troll the beaches... looking for young native boys in order to satisfy his base instincts.
one hot afternoon in cartagena... the boys decide they have had quite enough of sebastian's shenanigans... and they-- well, they eat him.
if you decide you would like to join the human race, meet me there.
uh, now, in other news, they found a cure for cancer.
you think the little woman doesn't know when her husband has an affair.
hannah, it was 25 years ago, and it wasn't an affair.
um, well, after i recovered from the supreme disappointment... and picked up the pieces of my fractured ego...
i would have run down the escalator and invited the guy standing on the corner.
- well, i just didn't want there to be any misunderstanding.
this ain't no disco, and i don't want no crying game confusion.
what i really meant to say was, "why don't you do the world a big, fat, fucking favor... and crawl back into your mother's womb?"
some girls like men to say things like that to them.
he held me, and he said that he wanted to make me cry... for the rest of our lives.
flash forward 15 years... and somehow the two of us became one... and one.
and now i find myself living with a roommate instead of a husband.
and i have dogs instead of children... because i can have dogs, but i can't have children.
and he blows the same notes every time, but every time it sounds different.
and we had drinks one night-- when i used to drink-- and i tried to tell him how that song made me feel... how his playing made me feel, how the music... made me feel.
it was... but... in addition to sharing all of those things... it turns out i was also sharing her... with a variety of other people.
i hate to say this... because l-l don't want to diminish your feelings... but, sadly, that happens every day.
i'm wandering around through life with hardly any purpose or goal at all.
i don't know what i'm doing half the time... but i know that i can love.
[groans] i just can't wait to hear the next words out of your mouth.
but right now i need to ask you to do something for me.
i took one look at you... and i knew i'd made the right choice.
i know that sounds daft... but my love for somebody else... made me love you more... because i sought... to reclaim myself.
i've taken care of the caterers... the flowers are being arranged as we speak, and i've hired a minister.
you did tell him to go easy on the god stuff, hmm?
i put you in a seat next to hugh and me because i figured... you might be coming alone and--
yeah, well, you might have to do some rearranging because, um... because i have a date.
[joan] keenan and i are just gonna have a couple cokes or something.
keenan, did i tell you how very good it is to meet you?
a love that has lasted many years... and will go on lasting, i'm certain, many years more.
you stand here today before god... your family and friends to celebrate... to reaffirm your lasting love for each other.
hannah and paul have asked to keep the ceremony simple... and to that end they each set a challenge for the other:
to find a sentence that best describes their feelings for the other.
% they'll leave you damned and swimming in a lake when it's only a garden %
% the whole wide world feels like a shrine built to the worker bees %
but something tells me... that you'd be able to convince the jury that this was my fault.
you know i'm not just asking you to dinner as a preemptive strike against litigation.
you and all your junk from the catalogs will be gone... and the cat will be there waiting for me, purring contentedly.
well, the least i can do after taking your last quarter is let you buy me a drink.
and in my experience... it extends to other aspects of an individual's personality.
last time i saw him, harry was wearing a blue sweater and an idiotic expression.
and then his consummate laziness and lack of imagination became tediously self-evident.
every time, everything was exactly the same as the time previous.
it was as if he had followed some step-by-step instructional video.
and about two weeks ago, guess what i found in the apartment.
i haven't seen him in a long time, but, uh, but we're still friends.
which is more than i can say for the parade of total losers that followed.
what's great about you and me... right here, this very moment, is that we don't come through that door with a lot of baggage.
we don't come through that door with any baggage at all.
- anyway, it turns out... on their travels together cousin sebastian liked to troll the beaches... looking for young native boys in order to satisfy his base instincts.
one hot afternoon in cartagena... the boys decide they have had quite enough of sebastian's shenanigans... and they-- well, they eat him.
if you decide you would like to join the human race, meet me there.
uh, now, in other news, they found a cure for cancer.
and... yeah, if something happens between us, sex will probably enter into it.
but not until you break the brick wall down around yourself... and certainly not tonight.
this ain't no disco, and i don't want no crying game confusion.
i want it understood up front, i may be a fabulous-looking broad... but i've got a penis.
and i'll admit that "what?" was a rather banal, cliche, non-colorful response.
what i really meant to say was, "why don't you do the world a big, fat, fucking favor... and crawl back into your mother's womb?"
but a lot has happened to me in the last few days... on the emotional roller coaster which i laughingly call my life.
hell, a lot's happened to me in the last few minutes.
from the time i get up in the morning until i go to bed at night.
you know how they say the first time is never any good?
i had to reassure him that crying was just my standard reaction... to tremendous pleasure.
he held me, and he said that he wanted to make me cry... for the rest of our lives.
flash forward 15 years... and somehow the two of us became one... and one.
and now i find myself living with a roommate instead of a husband.
is there something that you can see your husband doing... or saying that would make a difference?
sometimes i think it could be as simple as his asking me to go for a walk.
[sighs] look... it's natural to elevate our first love... to some sort of mythic emotional plateau.
but you fell in love, she left you... and now you're dealing with love's most common byproduct:
you don't have to say anything. l-l told you because i wanted to tell you.
i wanted to because for the first time in a long time i wish things were different.
do you know how long i have waited for somebody i care about... to say that they love me and for me to actually believe them?
and if you think you're getting out of this car, you're insane!
i have no idea why you're so relentless... particularly, given the arsenal of defenses i've thrown at you.
but... no matter how hard i've tried to block out everything that you've said... the message has been received.
when was having sex or not having sex not a problem?
to be honest, it's gonna be difficult not to express physically what i feel for you... but...
you said that the wonderful thing about falling in love... is that you learn everything about that person, and so quickly.
and if it's true love... then you start to see yourself through their eyes... and it brings out the best in you... and it's almost as if you're falling in love with yourself.
- oh, i did have it with you... but i'd forgotten it.
i hadn't forgotten why i loved you... but i'd forgotten why you loved me.
you're gonna think what i'm about to say is really ridiculous.
you're worried about barley, and you want to go back to your place.
i'll never know everything about mark... but i know some things about him now that i never knew before.
i don't think we need to know everything about the people we love.
hannah and paul, you come here today... to repledge your love, your undying love.
a love that has lasted many years... and will go on lasting, i'm certain, many years more.
you stand here today before god... your family and friends to celebrate... to reaffirm your lasting love for each other.
hannah and paul have asked to keep the ceremony simple... and to that end they each set a challenge for the other:
and he blows the same notes every time, but every time it sounds different.
and we had drinks one night-- when i used to drink-- and i tried to tell him how that song made me feel... how the music made me feel and how his playing made me feel.
once you remove the fish from the oven... transfer it directly onto a heated plate.
there's one thing that's paramount for every cook to keep in the back of their mind.
but something tells me... that you'd be able to convince the jury that this was my fault.
you know i'm not just asking you to dinner as a preemptive strike against litigation.
you and all your junk from the catalogs will be gone... and the cat will be there waiting for me, purring contentedly.
well, the least i can do after taking your last quarter is let you buy me a drink.
and i work like a dog... trying to find some way to fix the thursday night schedule.
well, i don't find a way to fix the thursday night schedule... and my boss, today he tells me... that coming into the office tomorrow isn't necessary.
and in my experience... it extends to other aspects of an individual's personality.
last time i saw him, harry was wearing a blue sweater and an idiotic expression.
and then his consummate laziness and lack of imagination became tediously self-evident.
every time, everything was exactly the same as the time previous.
it was as if he had followed some step-by-step instructional video.
and about two weeks ago, guess what i found in the apartment.
i haven't seen him in a long time, but, uh, but we're still friends.
which is more than i can say for the parade of total losers that followed.
if you decide you would like to join the human race, meet me there.
uh, now, in other news, they found a cure for cancer.
um, well, after i recovered from the supreme disappointment... and picked up the pieces of my fractured ego...
i would have run down the escalator and invited the guy standing on the corner.
- well, i just didn't want there to be any misunderstanding.
this ain't no disco, and i don't want no crying game confusion.
and i'll admit that "what?" was a rather banal, cliche, non-colorful response.
what i really meant to say was, "why don't you do the world a big, fat, fucking favor... and crawl back into your mother's womb?"
from the time i get up in the morning until i go to bed at night.
you know how they say the first time is never any good?
i had to reassure him that crying was just my standard reaction... to tremendous pleasure.
he held me, and he said that he wanted to make me cry... for the rest of our lives.
flash forward 15 years... and somehow the two of us became one... and one.
and now i find myself living with a roommate instead of a husband.
is there something that you can see your husband doing... or saying that would make a difference?
sometimes i think it could be as simple as his asking me to go for a walk.
look... it's natural to elevate our first love... to some sort of mythic emotional plateau.
but you fell in love, she left you... and now you're dealing with love's most common byproduct:
it was... but... in addition to sharing all of those things... it turns out i was also sharing her... with a variety of other people.
i hate to say this... because l-l don't want to diminish your feelings... but, sadly, that happens every day.
i'm wandering around through life with hardly any purpose or goal at all.
i don't know what i'm doing half the time... but i know that i can love.
do you know how long i have waited for somebody i care about... to say that they love me and for me to actually believe them?
and if you think you're getting out of this car, you're insane!
i have no idea why you're so relentless... particularly, given the arsenal of defenses i've thrown at you.
but... no matter how hard i've tried to block out everything that you've said... the message has been received.
you said that the wonderful thing about falling in love... is that you learn everything about that person, and so quickly.
and if it's true love... then you start to see yourself through their eyes... and it brings out the best in you... and it's almost as if you're falling in love with yourself.
- oh, i did have it with you... but i'd forgotten it.
i hadn't forgotten why i loved you... but i'd forgotten why you loved me.
i took one look at you... and i knew i'd made the right choice.
i know that sounds daft... but my love for somebody else... made me love you more... because i sought... to reclaim myself.
i put you in a seat next to hugh and me because i figured... you might be coming alone and--
yeah, well, you might have to do some rearranging because, um... because i have a date.
a love that has lasted many years... and will go on lasting, i'm certain, many years more.
you stand here today before god... your family and friends to celebrate... to reaffirm your lasting love for each other.
hannah and paul have asked to keep the ceremony simple... and to that end they each set a challenge for the other:
to find a sentence that best describes their feelings for the other.
and the delicacy of this fish is best appreciated by its taste... not necessarily by its appearance.
once you remove the fish from the oven... transfer it directly onto a heated plate.
every time, everything was exactly the same as the time previous.
it was as if he had followed some step-by-step instructional video.
she let me know... that she and the kids no longer required my services or my presence.
it turns out she's been seeing some guy for a year... for a fucking year, and i never suspected a thing.
what's great about you and me... right here, this very moment, is that we don't come through that door with a lot of baggage.
we don't come through that door with any baggage at all.
- anyway, it turns out... on their travels together cousin sebastian liked to troll the beaches... looking for young native boys in order to satisfy his base instincts.
one hot afternoon in cartagena... the boys decide they have had quite enough of sebastian's shenanigans... and they-- well, they eat him.
tomorrow night i'm going to the late show of the texas chainsaw massacre at the sunset five.
if you decide you would like to join the human race, meet me there.
and... yeah, if something happens between us, sex will probably enter into it.
but not until you break the brick wall down around yourself... and certainly not tonight.
you think the little woman doesn't know when her husband has an affair.
hannah, it was 25 years ago, and it wasn't an affair.
this ain't no disco, and i don't want no crying game confusion.
i want it understood up front, i may be a fabulous-looking broad... but i've got a penis.
what i really meant to say was, "why don't you do the world a big, fat, fucking favor... and crawl back into your mother's womb?"
some girls like men to say things like that to them.
but a lot has happened to me in the last few days... on the emotional roller coaster which i laughingly call my life.
hell, a lot's happened to me in the last few minutes.
he held me, and he said that he wanted to make me cry... for the rest of our lives.
flash forward 15 years... and somehow the two of us became one... and one.
and now i find myself living with a roommate instead of a husband.
and i have dogs instead of children... because i can have dogs, but i can't have children.
and he blows the same notes every time, but every time it sounds different.
and we had drinks one night-- when i used to drink-- and i tried to tell him how that song made me feel... how his playing made me feel, how the music... made me feel.
you don't have to say anything. l-l told you because i wanted to tell you.
i wanted to because for the first time in a long time i wish things were different.
i just can't wait to hear the next words out of your mouth.
but right now i need to ask you to do something for me.
when was having sex or not having sex not a problem?
to be honest, it's gonna be difficult not to express physically what i feel for you... but...
you said that the wonderful thing about falling in love... is that you learn everything about that person, and so quickly.
and if it's true love... then you start to see yourself through their eyes... and it brings out the best in you... and it's almost as if you're falling in love with yourself.
- oh, i did have it with you... but i'd forgotten it.
i hadn't forgotten why i loved you... but i'd forgotten why you loved me.
i took one look at you... and i knew i'd made the right choice.
i know that sounds daft... but my love for somebody else... made me love you more... because i sought... to reclaim myself.
i put you in a seat next to hugh and me because i figured... you might be coming alone and--
yeah, well, you might have to do some rearranging because, um... because i have a date.
a love that has lasted many years... and will go on lasting, i'm certain, many years more.
you stand here today before god... your family and friends to celebrate... to reaffirm your lasting love for each other.
hannah and paul have asked to keep the ceremony simple... and to that end they each set a challenge for the other:
to find a sentence that best describes their feelings for the other.
# they'll leave you damned and swimming in a lake when it's only a garden #
# the whole wide world feels like a shrine built to the worker bees #
and he blows the same notes every time, but every time it sounds different.
and we had drinks one night, when i used to drink... and i tried to tell him how that song made me feel... how the music made me feel and how his playing made me feel.
once you remove the fish from the oven... transfer it directly onto a heated plate.
there's one thing that's paramount for every cook to keep in the back of their mind.
but something tells me... that you'd be able to convince the jury that this was my fault.
you know i'm not just asking you to dinner as a preemptive strike against litigation.
you and all your junk from the catalogs will be gone... and the cat will be there waiting for me, purring contentedly.
well, the least i can do after taking your last quarter is let you buy me a drink.
and in my experience... it extends to other aspects of an individual's personality.
last time i saw him, harry was wearing a blue sweater and an idiotic expression.
and then his consummate laziness and lack of imagination became tediously self-evident.
every time, everything was exactly the same as the time previous.
it was as if he had followed some step-by-step instructional video.
and about two weeks ago, guess what i found in the apartment.
it turns out she's been seeing some guy for a year... for a fucking year, and i never suspected a thing.
- and you know what the worst of it is ?
- anyway, it turns out... on their travels together cousin sebastian liked to troll the beaches... looking for young native boys in order to satisfy his base instincts.
one hot afternoon in cartagena... the boys decide they have had quite enough of sebastian's shenanigans... and they...
and... yeah, if something happens between us, sex will probably enter into it.
but not until you break the brick wall down around yourself... and certainly not tonight.
you think the little woman doesn't know when her husband has an affair.
hannah, it was 25 years ago, and it wasn't an affair.
what would you have done if i didn't show up ?
well, after i recovered from the supreme disappointment... and picked up the pieces of my fractured ego...
this ain't no disco, and i don't want no crying game confusion.
i want it understood up front, i may be a fabulous-looking broad... but i've got a penis.
and i'll admit that "what ?" was a rather banal, cliche, non-colorful response.
what i really meant to say was, "why don't you do the world a big, fat, fucking favor... and crawl back into your mother's womb ?"
he held me, and he said that he wanted to make me cry... for the rest of our lives.
flash forward 15 years... and somehow the two of us became one... and one.
and now i find myself living with a roommate instead of a husband.
and i have dogs instead of children... because i can have dogs, but i can't have children.
it was... but... in addition to sharing all of those things... it turns out i was also sharing her... with a variety of other people.
i hate to say this... because i don't want to diminish your feelings... but, sadly, that happens every day.
i'm wandering around through life with hardly any purpose or goal at all.
i don't know what i'm doing half the time... but i know that i can love.
do you know how long i have waited for somebody i care about... to say that they love me and for me to actually believe them ?
and if you think you're getting out of this car, you're insane !
i just can't wait to hear the next words out of your mouth.
but right now i need to ask you to do something for me.
when was having sex or not having sex not a problem ?
to be honest, it's gonna be difficult not to express physically what i feel for you... but...
you said that the wonderful thing about falling in love... is that you learn everything about that person, and so quickly.
and if it's true love... then you start to see yourself through their eyes... and it brings out the best in you... and it's almost as if you're falling in love with yourself.
- oh, i did have it with you... but i'd forgotten it.
i hadn't forgotten why i loved you... but i'd forgotten why you loved me.
i took one look at you... and i knew i'd made the right choice.
i know that sounds daft... but my love for somebody else... made me love you more... because i sought... to reclaim myself.
you're gonna think what i'm about to say is really ridiculous.
you're worried about barley, and you want to go back to your place.
i'll never know everything about mark... but i know some things about him now that i never knew before.
i don't think we need to know everything about the people we love.
i put you in a seat next to hugh and me because i figured... you might be coming alone and...
yeah, well, you might have to do some rearranging because, um... because i have a date.
a love that has lasted many years... and will go on lasting, i'm certain, many years more.
you stand here today before god... your family and friends to celebrate... to reaffirm your lasting love for each other.
hannah and paul have asked to keep the ceremony simple... and to that end they each set a challenge for the other :
to find a sentence that best describes their feelings for the other.
and i am told he is finally breathing on his own again.
okay, next up we need to vote on how to spend the money that last year's seniors left.
but you would really understand if you could have seen what my hair looked like that day.
i'm making a new house rule: no one plays with my lab-top!
well, that's funny, i seem to be out of detention slips.
you just wait right here, while i go to the supply closet.
no, it's the same street sweeper that went by ten minutes ago.
it better get here, i'm starting to feel a camaraderie with you people.
well, i'd give you something for your dry throat, but i'm afraid our drinking fountain is still broken.
well, it looks like the mr. kraft we've always known and loved is back.
and then there are some people who are middle-aged their whole lives.
the purpose of the labtop is to help discover cures for the problems of the world.
all nut items will be eliminated from future bake sales due to janitor bill's allergic reaction.
and i am told he is finally breathing on his own again.
you know, spread potpourri everywhere, make sure there's paper in the johns.
hey, did i ever tell you guys about the time my toenail got infected?
now that i have your attention, i just wanted to say that even though lunch today was, like, totally not my fault,
i'm gonna make it up to you guys by letting you go home for three weeks.
i'd give you something for your dry throat, but i'm afraid our drinking fountain is still broken.
well, looks like the mr. kraft we've always known and loved is back.
there are some things that just don't happen no matter how correct in theory
like the nba dream team getting beaten by the korean team, or miss korea marrying a hotdog vendor
it's just that my driving test is 2 days away and i just wanted to get some practice
you gotta turn all the way around with your right arm on top of the passenger seat...
now that i think of it, your gestures are like that of an umpire calling "strike"
i promise to come and see your game when you become one
i've been in love with her since she was nam hyunjoo
we exchanged 47 letters and i taught her how to drive
but when i saw you on t.v., i knew i had no chance
i worked as a guide for a commercial crew from korea
that night, on the happiest day of his life, he wrote his 48th letter to her
i've had my suspicions about your personal life but i didn't want to say anything
i remember the first time i met you, on location for yooree's commercial
i'd hate to see you have to go back to your old life
is it true that you're retiring after the release of 'nostalgia'?
gentlemen, i've informed you of the location of the press conference
but it doesn't seem too educational to pass it on to our children
who knows how many times the sun rose in the west without our knowing?
everything that made that giant tree... is already contained inside this tiny little seed.
aii it needs is some time, a little bit of sunshine and rain, and... voila !
now, iet me tell you how things are supposed to work.
the sun grows the food, the ants pick the food, the grasshoppers eat the food--
but, hopper, since it's almost the rainy season, we need this time to gather food for ourselves.
listen, if you don't keep your end of the bargain, then i can't guarantee your safety.
aimed directly at the flypaper are tuck and roll, the pill bug cannonbaiis !
the cannon will be triggered by dim, trained to jump at the sound of this bell... set to go off in 15 seconds.
so, you see, it was my fault that hopper's coming back.
but then, princess atta-- boy, is she one in a miiiion-- she let me go out and find you.
your majesty, ladies and gentlemen, boys and girls of all ages, our troupe here guarantees a performance like no other !
why, when your grasshopper friends get here, we are goanna... knock them dead !
we are going to build a bird-- a bird that we can operate from the inside, which would then be-- ...hoisted above the anthill and hidden high in the tree.
then, right when hopper and his gang are below, we'ii launch the bird and scare off the grasshoppers.
now it's going to take everyone's involvement-- ...to make this plan a reality.
i know it's not our tradition to do things differently, but if our ancestors were able to build this anthiii, we can certainly rally together to build this bird !
okay, i've told everyone you'ii be stationed deep in the command bunker.
party quiets down, i sneak you out the back way and then you're outta here forever.
-  without any evidence  -  his flaws were many, ooh 
-  he was full of confidence  -  some people haven't any 
-  it's the time of your life  -  time, life 
-  it's the time of your life  -  time, life 
- { breaking wind } - { director } cut !
- { beeping } - { shrieking } i'm sorry, i'm sorry.
-  he knew in order to succeed  -  they'd have to work together 
-  he turned a rock into a seed  -  and they were changed forever 
everything that made that giant tree... is already contained inside this tiny little seed.
all it needs is some time, a little bit of sunshine and rain, and... voila!
but, hopper, since it's almost the rainy season... we need this time to gather food for ourselves.
listen, if you don't keep your end of the bargain, then i can't guarantee your safety.
the cannon will be triggered by dim, trained to jump at the sound of this bell... set to go off in 15 seconds.
our pill bugs' only hope of survival is... our mistress of the high wire, rosie!
so, you see, it was my fault that hopper's coming back.
but then, princess atta-- boy, is she one in a million-- she let me go out and find you.
well, i haven't been that nice to you, and i'm sorry.
if there's any way i can make it up to you-
i've told everyone you'll be stationed deep in the command bunker.
party quiets down, i sneak you out the back way and then you're outta here forever.
you have rekindled... the long-dormant embers of purpose in our lives.
and if it wasn't for you, francis would have never gotten in touch with his feminine side.
-but-but l--it's a bug-eat-bug world out there, princess, one of those circle-of-life kind of things.
now, let me tell you how things are supposed to work.
i swear, if i hadn't promised mother on her deathbed... that i wouldn't kill you, i would kill you.
-and believe me, no one appreciates that more than i do.
there's still a few months till the rains come, so you can all just try again.
but, hopper, since it's almost the rainy season, we need this time to gather food for ourselves.
listen, if you don't keep your end of the bargain, then i can't guarantee your safety.
and there are insects out there that will take advantage of you.
-you see, with flik gone, he can't--he can't mess anything up!
flik, after much deliberation, we have decided to grant you your request.
in a moment, i will light this trail of matches... leading to a sheet of fly paper dowsed in lighter fluid!
aimed directly at the flypaper are tuck and roll, the pill bug cannonballs!
the cannon will be triggered by dim, trained to jump at the sound of this bell... set to go off in 15 seconds.
our pill bugs' only hope of survival is... our mistress of the high wire, rosie!
ladies and gentlemen, may i suggest that those of you... with weak constitutions leave the arena,
-for this act is so dangerous... that if the slightest thing should go wrong-
so, you see, it was my fault that hopper's coming back.
but then, princess atta-boy, is she one in a million- she let me go out and find you.
your majesty, ladies and gentlemen, boys and girls of all ages, our troupe here guarantees a performance like no other!
why, when your grasshopper friends get here, we are gonna... knock them dead! boy, these folks are sure hard up for entertainment.
but if you could just do me a little favor before you leave.
if you could squish me, that would be great, because, uh, when they find out, i'm as good as dead.
we are going to build a bird- a bird that we can operate from the inside, which would then be- ...hoisted above the anthill and hidden high in the tree.
then, right when hopper and his gang are below, we'll launch the bird and scare off the grasshoppers.
now it's going to take everyone's involvement- ...to make this plan a reality.
i know it's not our tradition to do things differently, but if our ancestors were able to build this anthill, we can certainly rally together to build this bird!
-\ without any evidence \ -\ his flaws were many, ooh \
-\ he was full of confidence \ -\ some people haven't any \
-\ it's the time of your life \ -\ time, life \
-\ it's the time of your life \ -\ time, life \
now, let me tell you how things are supposed to work.
the sun grows the food, the ants pick the food, the grasshoppers eat the food...
but, hopper, since it's almost the rainy season, we need this time to gather food for ourselves.
listen, if you don't keep your end of the bargain, then i can't guarantee your safety.
i hold in my hand the match... the match that decides whether two bugs live or die this very evening.
in a moment, i will light this trail of matches... leading to a sheet offlypaper dowsed in lighter fluid!
aimed directly at the flypaper are tuck and roll, the pill bug cannonballs!
the cannon will be triggered by dim, trained tojump at the sound of this bell... set to go off in 15 seconds.
your majesty, ladies and gentlemen, boys and girls of all ages, our troupe here guarantees a performance like no other!
why, when your grasshopper friends get here, we are gonna... knock them dead!
then, right when hopper and his gang are below, we'll launch the bird and scare off the grasshoppers.
now it's going to take everyone's involvement to make this plan a reality.
- #he was full of confidence # - #some people haven't any #
- #didn't have much common sense # - #it's highly overrated #
- #as far as i can tell # - #he could be wrong about me #
- #it's the time of your life # - # time, life #
-it's a bug-eat-bug world out there, princess... one of those circle-of-life kind of things.
now, let me tell you how things are supposed to work.
but, hopper, since it's almost the rainy season... we need this time to gather food for ourselves.
listen, if you don't keep your end of the bargain, then i can't guarantee your safety.
i hold in my hand the match-- the match that decides whether two bugs live or die this very evening.
in a moment, i will light this trail of matches... leading to a sheet of flypaper dowsed in lighter fluid!
aimed directly at the flypaper are tuck and roll... the pill bug cannonballs!
the cannon will be triggered by dim, trained to jump at the sound of this bell... set to go off in 15 seconds.
so, you see, it was my fault that hopper's coming back.
but then, princess atta-- boy, is she one in a million-- she let me go out and find you.
your majesty, ladies and gentlemen... boys and girls of all ages... our troupe here guarantees a performance like no other!
why, when your grasshopper friends get here, we are gonna... knock them dead!
well, i haven't been that nice to you, and i'm sorry.
if there's any way i can make it up to you--hey!
everything that made that giant tree... is already contained inside this tiny little seed.
all it needs is some time, a little bit of sunshine and rain, and... voila !
- but-but l-- - lt's a bug-eat-bug world out there, princess, one of those circle-of-life kind of things.
now, let me tell you how things are supposed to work.
i swear, if i hadn't promised mother on her deathbed... that i wouldn't kill you, i would kill you.
- and believe me, no one appreciates that more than i do.
there's still a few months till the rains come, so you can all just try again.
but, hopper, since it's almost the rainy season, we need this time to gather food for ourselves.
listen, if you don't keep your end of the bargain, then i can't guarantee your safety.
and there are insects out there that will take advantage of you.
i hold in my hand the match-- the match that decides whether two bugs live or die this very evening.
in a moment, i will light this trail of matches... leading to a sheet of flypaper dowsed in lighter fluid !
aimed directly at the flypaper are tuck and roll, the pill bug cannonballs !
the cannon will be triggered by dim, trained to jump at the sound of this bell... set to go off in 15 seconds.
so, you see, it was my fault that hopper's coming back.
but then, princess atta-- boy, is she one in a million-- she let me go out and find you.
last year he played the lead in picnic. [ laughs ]
the children-- and myself-- have quickly put together... a little presentation in honor of our guests.
we are going to build a bird-- a bird that we can operate from the inside, which would then be-- ...hoisted above the anthill and hidden high in the tree.
then, right when hopper and his gang are below, we'll launch the bird and scare off the grasshoppers.
now it's going to take everyone's involvement-- ...to make this plan a reality.
i know it's not our tradition to do things differently, but if our ancestors were able to build this anthill, we can certainly rally together to build this bird !
[ flik ] you'll probably-- you'll probably want to get goin'.
i guess you got a lot of other anthills to check into, so, bye !
you have rekindled the long-dormant embers of purpose in our lives.
and if it wasn't for you, francis would have never gotten in touch with his feminine side.
- it's a bug-eat-bug world out there, princess, one of those circle-of-life kind of things.
now, let me tell you how things are supposed to work.
i swear, if i hadn't promised mother on her deathbed... that i wouldn't kill you, i would kill you.
- and believe me, no one appreciates that more than i do.
there's still a few months till the rains come, so you can all just try again.
but, hopper, since it's almost the rainy season, we need this time to gather food for ourselves.
listen, if you don't keep your end of the bargain, then i can't guarantee your safety.
and there are insects out there that will take advantage of you.
i hold in my hand the match-- the match that decides whether two bugs live or die this very evening.
in a moment, i will light this trail of matches... leading to a sheet of flypaper dowsed in lighter fluid!
aimed directly at the flypaper are tuck and roll, the pill bug cannonballs!
the cannon will be triggered by dim, trained to jump at the sound of this bell... set to go off in 15 seconds.
so, you see, it was my fault that hopper's coming back.
but then, princess atta-- boy, is she one in a million-- she let me go out and find you.
last year he played the lead in picnic. [ laughs ]
the children-- and myself-- have quickly put together... a little presentation in honor of our guests.
but if you could just do me a little favor before you leave.
if you could squish me, that would be great, because, uh, when they find out, i'm as good as dead.
- and the way you pretended to be stuck in that crack!
[ chuckling ] oh, that's just all part of the plan.
then, right when hopper and his gang are below, we'll launch the bird and scare off the grasshoppers.
now it's going to take everyone's involvement-- ...to make this plan a reality.
okay, i've told everyone you'll be stationed deep in the command bunker.
party quiets down, i sneak you out the back way and then you're outta here forever.
permit applications are already in, and i don't anticipate any problems.
as for the incident in the tunnel... you might want to postpone the vip tour till we clear the mess.
just like in war, when you're running a fortune 500 company... occasionally you run into a thing called "collateral damage."
sometimes something gets in the way... and you just have to push that thing aside.
last year, in norway... a 20-foot section of a giant squid washed up onshore.
the cross section showed that it was over 125 feet long.
- there have been crews down there... for two years, day and night.
if there was something that big, somebody would've seen it by now.
what wouldn't be good for business is to have another incident.
the feds control this investigation, and i am required to support them.
i appreciate your candour, agent pollack... and i wouldn't want to interfere with a federal investigation.
my people will be done in the tunnel soon, and it's all yours.
the track's 19 miles long, and 2 miles below the surface... at the deepest point of the mountain.
so the radios can communicate with each other in the tunnel... but they won't reach the outside.
based on evidence, i can speculate as to what this thing looks like.
it's about 2 or 3 metres in length... insect or reptilian in appearance, and moves at the speed of light.
it's not smart to send the men in without a preliminary video feed.
benton wouldn't have gone if he thought he couldn't handle it.
at the moment, this car is running on its dedicated fuel cell.
that is an o2 warning... which means the explosion must have damaged the ventilation system.
based on the number behind us, i'd say we stumbled across the nest.
it's a good bet they were down there because of the water.
if you're right, the only bugs in this tunnel are the ones behind us.
theoretically, but i won't know until i look at that bug.
- okay, but keep in mind... to get this car back down the track... to meet our friends from the fossil world, this car needs power.
the same power that the fence behind us is draining... from this fuel cell.
so, hopefully, we'll have 15 minutes before they get to us.
so if we can pack and wire this car, and send it in immediately... even if it meets them halfway...
how can you point your finger at me... when i've been buying your silence for years?
how many times have you looked away because i said so?
dr. foster of the cdc, announces that some kind of... pack of rabid, carnivorous animals attacked those people down there.
agent pollack says... that while there were multiple human casualties... the animals were contained and destroyed.
what if it doesn't work out... and you end up killing another team of men?
that is a risk i'm willing to take for as long as it takes.
everything that made that giant tree... is already contained inside this tiny little seed.
all it needs is some time, a little bit of sunshine and rain, and... voila!
-but-but l--it's a bug-eat-bug world out there, princess, one of those circle-of-life kind of things.
now, let me tell you how things are supposed to work.
i swear, if i hadn't promised mother on her deathbed... that i wouldn't kill you, i would kill you.
-and believe me, no one appreciates that more than i do.
there's still a few months till the rains come, so you can all just try again.
but, hopper, since it's almost the rainy season, we need this time to gather food for ourselves.
listen, if you don't keep your end of the bargain, then i can't guarantee your safety.
and there are insects out there that will take advantage of you.
in a moment, i will light this trail of matches... leading to a sheet of fly paper dowsed in lighter fluid!
aimed directly at the flypaper are tuck and roll, the pill bug cannonballs!
the cannon will be triggered by dim, trained to jump at the sound of this bell... set to go off in 15 seconds.
our pill bugs' only hope of survival is... our mistress of the high wire, rosie!
ladies and gentlemen, may i suggest that those of you... with weak constitutions leave the arena,
-for this act is so dangerous... that if the slightest thing should go wrong-
your majesty, ladies and gentlemen, boys and girls of all ages, our troupe here guarantees a performance like no other!
why, when your grasshopper friends get here, we are gonna... knock them dead! boy, these folks are sure hard up for entertainment.
but if you could just do me a little favor before you leave.
if you could squish me, that would be great, because, uh, when they find out, i'm as good as dead.
that, my friends, is the sound of applause! applause--i'm in heaven!
our blueberry troop salutes you bugs for rescuing our smallest member,
then, right when hopper and his gang are below, we'll launch the bird and scare off the grasshoppers.
now it's going to take everyone's involvement- ...to make this plan a reality.
okay, i've told everyone you'll be stationed deep in the command bunker.
party quiets down, i sneak you out the back way and then you're outta here forever.
you have rekindled the long-dormant embers of purpose in our lives.
and if it wasn't for you, francis would have never gotten in touch with his feminine side.
-\ without any evidence \ -\ his flaws were many, ooh \
-\ he was full of confidence \ -\ some people haven't any \
-\ it's the time of your life \ -\ time, life \
-\ it's the time of your life \ -\ time, life \
- its a bug-eat-bug world out there, princess... one of those circle-of-life kind of things.
now, let me tell you how things are supposed to work.
i swear, if i hadnt promised mother on her deathbed... that i wouldnt kill you, i would kill you.
- and believe me, no one appreciates that more than i do.
theres still a few months till the rains come... so you can all just try again.
but, hopper, since its almost the rainy season... we need this time to gather food for ourselves.
listen, if you dont keep your end of the bargain, then i cant guarantee your safety.
and there are insects out there that will take advantage of you.
aimed directly at the flypaper are tuck and roll... the pill bug cannonballs!
the cannon will be triggered by dim, trained to jump at the sound of this bell... set to go off in 15 seconds.
your majesty, ladies and gentlemen... boys and girls of all ages... our troupe here guarantees a performance like no other!
why, when your grasshopper friends get here, we are gonna... knock them dead!
we drew one of you dying because our teacher said it would be more dramatic.
i tell you a tale of heroes so bold... who vanquished our grasshopper enemies of old.
i will be branded with this mistake for the rest of my life.
my childrens children will walk down the street... and people will point and say, "look!
but if you could just do me a little favour before you leave.
um, if you could squish me, that would be great, because, uh... when they find out, im as good as dead.
our blueberry troop salutes you bugs for rescuing our smallest member, princess dot.
and as a tribute to miss francis, weve changed our bandannas!
- its a bug-eat-bug world out there, princess... one of those circle-of-life kind of things.
now, let me tell you how things are supposed to work.
i swear, if i hadnt promised mother on her deathbed... that i wouldnt kill you, i would kill you.
- and believe me, no one appreciates that more than i do.
theres still a few months till the rains come... so you can all just try again.
but, hopper, since its almost the rainy season... we need this time to gather food for ourselves.
listen, if you dont keep your end of the bargain, then i cant guarantee your safety.
and there are insects out there that will take advantage of you.
aimed directly at the flypaper are tuck and roll... the pill bug cannonballs!
the cannon will be triggered by dim, trained to jump at the sound of this bell... set to go off in 15 seconds.
your majesty, ladies and gentlemen... boys and girls of all ages... our troupe here guarantees a performance like no other!
why, when your grasshopper friends get here, we are gonna... knock them dead!
we drew one of you dying because our teacher said it would be more dramatic.
i tell you a tale of heroes so bold... who vanquished our grasshopper enemies of old.
i will be branded with this mistake for the rest of my life.
my childrens children will walk down the street... and people will point and say, "look!
but if you could just do me a little favour before you leave.
um, if you could squish me, that would be great, because, uh... when they find out, im as good as dead.
our blueberry troop salutes you bugs for rescuing our smallest member, princess dot.
and as a tribute to miss francis, weve changed our bandannas!
it's a bug-eat-bug world out there, princess, one of those circle-of-life kind of things.
now, let me tell you how things are supposed to work.
and believe me, no one appreciates that more than i do.
i don't want to hear another word out of you while we're on this island.
there's still a few months till the rains come, so you can all just try again.
but, hopper, since it's almost the rainy season, we need this time to gather food for ourselves.
listen, if you don't keep your end of the bargain, then i can't guarantee your safety.
and there are insects out there that will take advantage of you.
in a moment, i will light this trail of matches, leading to a sheet of flypaper doused in lighter fluid!
aimed directly at the flypaper are tuck and roll, the pill-bug cannonballs!
the cannon will be triggered by dim, trained to jump at the sound of this bell, set to go off in 15 seconds.
our pill bugs' only hope of survival is our mistress of the high wire, rosie!
i was wondering if i could talk to you for a moment.
i represent a colony of ants, and i'm looking for tough bugs, you know, mean bugs, the sort of bugs...
your majesty, ladies and gentlemen, boys and girls of all ages, our troupe here guarantees a performance like no other!
why, when your grasshopper friends get here, we are gonna knock them dead!
but if you could just do me a little favor before you leave.
if you could just squish me, that would be great, because when they find out, i'm as good as dead.
well, i haven't been that nice to you, and i'm sorry.
if there's any way i can make it up to you...
-  he was full of confidence -  some people haven't any
-  didn't have much common sense -  it's highly overrated
-  as far as i can tell -  he could be wrong about that
-  it's the time of your life -  time, life
listen, if you don't keep your end of the bargain, then i can't guarantee your safety.
and there are insects out there that will take advantage of you.
you see, with flik gone, he can't-- he can't mess anything up !
flik, after much deliberation, we have decided to grant you your request.
so, you see, it was my fault that hopper's coming back.
but then, princess atta-- boy, is she one in a million--
our blueberry troop salutes you bugs for rescuing our smallest member, princess dot.
and as a tribute to miss francis, we've changed out bandannas !
- it's a bug-eat-bug world out there, princess, one of those circle-of-life kind of things.
now, let me tell you how things are supposed to work.
i swear, if i hadn't promised mother on her deathbed... that i wouldn't kill you, i would kill you.
- and believe me, no one appreciates that more than i do.
there's still a few months till the rains come, so you can all just try again.
but, hopper, since it's almost the rainy season, we need this time to gather food for ourselves.
listen, if you don't keep your end of the bargain, then i can't guarantee your safety.
and there are insects out there that will take advantage of you.
leading to a sheet of flypaper dowsed in lighter fluid !
aimed directly at the flypaper are tuck and roll, the pill bug cannonballs !
the cannon will be triggered by dim, trained to jump at the sound of this bell... set to go off in 15 seconds.
our pill bugs' only hope of survival is... our mistress of the high wire, rosie !
your majesty, ladies and gentlemen, boys and girls of all ages, our troupe here guarantees a performance like no other !
why, when your grasshopper friends get here, we are gonna... knock them dead !
we are going to build a bird-- a bird that we can operate from the inside, which would then be-- ...hoisted above the anthill and hidden high in the tree.
then, right when hopper and his gang are below, we'll launch the bird and scare off the grasshoppers.
now it's going to take everyone's involvement-- ...to make this plan a reality.
i know it's not our tradition to do things differently, but if our ancestors were able to build this anthill, we can certainly rally together to build this bird !
okay, i've told everyone you'll be stationed deep in the command bunker.
party quiets down, i sneak you out the back way and then you're outta here forever.
- [ breaking wind ] - [ director ] cut !
- [ beeping ] - [ shrieking ] i'm sorry, i'm sorry.
everything that made that giant tree... is already contained inside this tiny little seed.
all it needs is some time, a little bit of sunshine and rain, and... voila!
but, hopper, since it's almost the rainy season... we need this time to gather food for ourselves.
listen, if you don't keep your end of the bargain, then i can't guarantee your safety.
the cannon will be triggered by dim, trained to jump at the sound of this bell... set to go off in 15 seconds.
our pill bugs' only hope of survival is... our mistress of the high wire, rosie!
so, you see, it was my fault that hopper's coming back.
but then, princess atta-- boy, is she one in a million-- she let me go out and find you.
well, i haven't been that nice to you, and i'm sorry.
if there's any way i can make it up to you-
- it's a bug-eat-bug world out there, princess, one of those circle-of-life kind of things.
now, let me tell you how things are supposed to work.
i swear, if i hadn't promised mother on her deathbed... that i wouldn't kill you, i would kill you.
- and believe me, no one appreciates that more than i do.
there's still a few months till the rains come, so you can all just try again.
but, hopper, since it's almost the rainy season, we need this time to gather food for ourselves.
listen, if you don't keep your end of the bargain, then i can't guarantee your safety.
and there are insects out there that will take advantage of you.
in a moment, i will light this trail of matches... leading to a sheet of flypaper dowsed in lighter fluid!
aimed directly at the flypaper are tuck and roll, the pill bug cannonballs!
the cannon will be triggered by dim, trained to jump at the sound of this bell... set to go off in 15 seconds.
our pill bugs' only hope of survival is... our mistress of the high wire, rosie!
your majesty, ladies and gentlemen, boys and girls of all ages, our troupe here guarantees a performance like no other!
why, when your grasshopper friends get here, we are gonna... knock them dead!
we are going to build a bird-- a bird that we can operate from the inside, which would then be-- ...hoisted above the anthill and hidden high in the tree.
then, right when hopper and his gang are below, we'll launch the bird and scare off the grasshoppers.
now it's going to take everyone's involvement-- ...to make this plan a reality.
i know it's not our tradition to do things differently, but if our ancestors were able to build this anthill, we can certainly rally together to build this bird!
okay, i've told everyone you'll be stationed deep in the command bunker.
party quiets down, i sneak you out the back way and then you're outta here forever.
-* he was full of confidence * -* some people haven't any *
-* didn't have much common sense * -* it's highly overrated *
-* as far as i can tell * -* he could be wrong about me *
-* it's the time of your life * -* time, life *
now, let me tell you how things are supposed to work.
the sun grows the food, the ants pick the food, the grasshoppers eat the food--
but, hopper, since it's almost the rainy season, we need this time to gather food for ourselves.
listen, if you don't keep your end of the bargain, then i can't guarantee your safety.
you got a lot of spunk, kid, but no one's gonna help a bunch of ants.
at least we could try. i could travel to the city !
ladies and gentlemen, allow me to present manto the magnificent... and his lovely assistant, gypsy !
from the most mysterious regions of uncharted asia, i give you the chinese cabinet... of metamorphosis !
in a moment, i will light this trail of matches... leading to a sheet of flypaper dowsed in lighter fluid !
aimed directly at the flypaper are tuck and roll, the pill bug cannonballs !
the cannon will be triggered by dim, trained to jump at the sound of this bell... set to go off in 15 seconds.
our pill bugs' only hope of survival is... our mistress of the high wire, rosie !
your majesty, ladies and gentlemen, boys and girls of all ages, our troupe here guarantees a performance like no other !
why, when your grasshopper friends get here, we are gonna... knock them dead !
but if you could just do me a little favor before you leave.
if you could squish me, that would be great, because, uh, when they find out, i'm as good as dead.
- and the way you pretended to be stuck in that crack !
[ chuckling ] oh, that's just all part of the plan.
then, right when hopper and his gang are below, we'll launch the bird and scare off the grasshoppers.
now it's going to take everyone's involvement-- ...to make this plan a reality.
okay, i've told everyone you'll be stationed deep in the command bunker.
party quiets down, i sneak you out the back way and then you're outta here forever.
no, no, no. i'm sorry, no, but uh-- [ continues, indistinct ]
- [ rustling, groaning ] - [ whispering ] be quiet !
where do you get the gall to do this to me ?
[ panting ] you were-- you were gonna squish the queen.
- [ breaking wind ] - [ director ] cut !
- [ beeping ] - [ shrieking ] i'm sorry, i'm sorry.
- it's a bug-eat-bug world out there, princess... one of those circle-of-life kind of things.
now, let me tell you how things are supposed to work.
but, hopper, since it's almost the rainy season... we need this time to gather food for ourselves.
listen, if you don't keep your end of the bargain, then i can't guarantee your safety.
i hold in my hand the match... the match that decides whether two bugs live or die this very evening.
in a moment, i will light this trail of matches... leading to a sheet of flypaper dowsed in lighter fluid!
aimed directly at the flypaper are tuck and roll... the pill bug cannonballs!
the cannon will be triggered by dim, trained to jump at the sound of this bell... set to go off in 15 seconds.
your majesty, ladies and gentlemen... boys and girls of all ages... our troupe here guarantees a performance like no other!
why, when your grasshopper friends get here, we are gonna... knock them dead!
we drew one of you dying because our teacher said it would be more dramatic.
i tell you a tale of heroes so bold... who vanquished our grasshopper enemies of old.
i will be branded with this mistake for the rest of my life.
my children's children will walk down the street... and people will point and say, "look!
but if you could just do me a little favour before you leave.
um, if you could squish me, that would be great, because, uh... when they find out, i'm as good as dead.
well, i haven't been that nice to you, and i'm sorry.
if there's any way i can make it up to you...
i've told everyone you'll be stationed deep in the command bunker.
party quiets down, i sneak you out the back way and then you're outta here forever.
everything that made that giant tree... is already contained inside this tiny little seed.
all it needs is some time, a little bit of sunshine and rain, and... voila !
now, let me tell you how things are supposed to work.
the sun grows the food, the ants pick the food, the grasshoppers eat the food--
but, hopper, since it's almost the rainy season, we need this time to gather food for ourselves.
listen, if you don't keep your end of the bargain, then i can't guarantee your safety.
in a moment, i will light this trail of matches... leading to a sheet offlypaper dowsed in lighter fluid.!
aimed directly at the flypaper are tuck and roll, the pill bug cannonballs.!
the cannon will be triggered by dim, trained tojump at the sound of this bell... set to go off in 15 seconds.
our pill bugs'only hope of survival is... our mistress of the high wire, rosie !
your majesty, ladies and gentlemen, boys and girls of all ages, our troupe here guarantees a performance like no other !
why, when your grasshopper friends get here, we are gonna... knock them dead !
we are going to build a bird-- a bird that we can operate from the inside, which would then be-- ...hoisted above the anthill and hidden high in the tree.
then, right when hopper and his gang are below, we'll launch the bird and scare off the grasshoppers.
now it's going to take everyone's involvement-- ...to make this plan a reality.
i know it's not our tradition to do things differently, but if our ancestors were able to build this anthill, we can certainly rally together to build this bird !
okay, i've told everyone you'll be stationed deep in the command bunker.
party quiets down, i sneak you out the back way and then you're outta here forever.
-* he was full of confidence * -* some people haven't any *
-* didn't have much common sense * -* it's highly overrated *
-* as far as i can tell * -* he could be wrong about me *
-* it's the time of your life * -* time, life *
it's a bug-eat-bug world out there, princess, one of those circle-of-life kind of things.
now, let me tell you how things are supposed to work.
i swear, if i hadn't promised mother on her deathbed that i wouldn't kill you, i would kill you.
and believe me, no one appreciates that more than i do.
but, hopper, since it's almost the rainy season, we need this time to gather food for ourselves.
listen, if you don't keep your end of the bargain, then i can't guarantee your safety.
i hold in my hand the match, the match that decides whether two bugs live or die this very evening.
in a moment, i will light this trail of matches, leading to a sheet of flypaper doused in lighter fluid!
aimed directly at the flypaper are tuck and roll, the pill-bug cannonballs!
the cannon will be triggered by dim, trained to jump at the sound of this bell, set to go off in 15 seconds.
i will be branded with this mistake for the rest of my life.
my children's children will walk down the street, and people will point and say, "look.
our blueberry troop salutes you bugs for rescuing our smallest member, princess dot.
and as a tribute to miss francis, we've changed our bandannas!
-  he was full of confidence -  some people haven't any
-  didn't have much common sense -  it's highly overrated
-  as far as i can tell -  he could be wrong about that
-  it's the time of your life -  time, life
- it's a bug-eat-bug world out there, princess... one of those circle-of-life kind of things.
now, let me tell you how things are supposed to work.
i swear, if i hadn't promised mother on her deathbed... that i wouldn't kill you, i would kill you.
- and believe me, no one appreciates that more than i do.
there's still a few months till the rains come... so you can all just try again.
but, hopper, since it's almost the rainy season... we need this time to gather food for ourselves.
listen, if you don't keep your end of the bargain, then i can't guarantee your safety.
and there are insects out there that will take advantage of you.
in a moment, i will light this trail of matches... leading to a sheet of flypaper dowsed in lighter fluid!
aimed directly at the flypaper are tuck and roll... the pill bug cannonballs!
the cannon will be triggered by dim, trained to jump at the sound of this bell... set to go off in 15 seconds.
our pill bugs'only hope of survival is... our mistress of the high wire, rosie!
but if you could just do me a little favor before you leave.
if you could squish me, that would be great, because, uh... when they find out, i'm as good as dead.
our blueberry troop salutes you bugs for rescuing our smallest member, princess dot.
and as a tribute to miss francis, we've changed our bandannas!
we are going to build a bird... a bird that we can operate from the inside, which would then be hoisted above the anthill and hidden high in the tree.
then, right when hopper and his gang are below... we'll launch the bird and scare off the grasshoppers.
now it's going to take everyone's involvement to make this plan a reality.
i know it's not our tradition to do things differently... but if our ancestors were able to build this anthill... we can certainly rally together to build this bird!
- # without any evidence # - # his flaws were many, ooh #
- # he was full of confidence # - # some people haven't any #
- # it's the time of your life # - # time, life #
- # it's the time of your life # - # time, life #
- it's a bug-eat-bug world out there, princess, one of those circle-of-life kind of things.
now, let me tell you how things are supposed to work.
i swear, if i hadn't promised mother on her deathbed... that i wouldn't kill you, i would kill you.
- and believe me, no one appreciates that more than i do.
there's still a few months till the rains come, so you can all just try again.
but, hopper, since it's almost the rainy season, we need this time to gather food for ourselves.
listen, if you don't keep your end of the bargain, then i can't guarantee your safety.
and there are insects out there that will take advantage of you.
aimed directly at the flypaper are tuck and roll, the pill bug cannonballs !
the cannon will be triggered by dim, trained to jump at the sound of this bell... set to go off in 15 seconds.
so, you see, it was my fault that hopper's coming back.
but then, princess atta-- boy, is she one in a million-- she let me go out and find you.
your majesty, ladies and gentlemen, boys and girls of all ages, our troupe here guarantees a performance like no other !
why, when your grasshopper friends get here, we are gonna... knock them dead !
we are going to build a bird-- a bird that we can operate from the inside, which would then be-- ...hoisted above the anthill and hidden high in the tree.
then, right when hopper and his gang are below, we'll launch the bird and scare off the grasshoppers.
now it's going to take everyone's involvement-- ...to make this plan a reality.
i know it's not our tradition to do things differently, but if our ancestors were able to build this anthill, we can certainly rally together to build this bird !
okay, i've told everyone you'll be stationed deep in the command bunker.
party quiets down, i sneak you out the back way and then you're outta here forever.
- [ breaking wind ] - [ director ] cut !
- [ beeping ] - [ shrieking ] i'm sorry, i'm sorry.
everything that made that giant tree... is already contained inside this tiny little seed.
all it needs is some time, a little bit of sunshine and rain, and... voil!
i swear, if i hadn't promised mother on her deathbed... that i wouldn't kill you, i would kill you.
- and believe me, no one appreciates that more than i do.
there's still a few months till the rains come... so you can all just try again.
but, hopper, since it's almost the rainy season... we need this time to gather food for ourselves.
listen, if you don't keep your end of the bargain, then i can't guarantee your safety.
and there are insects out there that will take advantage of you.
in a moment, i will light this trail of matches... leading to a sheet of flypaper dowsed in lighter fluid!
aimed directly at the flypaper are tuck and roll... the pill bug cannonballs!
the cannon will be triggered by dim, trained to jump at the sound of this bell... set to go off in 15 seconds.
our pill bugs' only hope of survival is... our mistress of the high wire, rosie!
so, you see, it was my fault that hopper's coming back.
but then, princess atta... boy, is she one in a million... she let me go out and find you.
our blueberry troop salutes you bugs for rescuing our smallest member, princess dot.
and as a tribute to miss francis, we've changed our bandannas!
you have rekindled... the long-dormant embers of purpose in our lives.
and if it wasn't for you, francis would have never gotten in touch with his feminine side.
- it's a bug-eat-bug world out there, princess, one of those circle-of-life kind of things.
now, let me tell you how things are supposed to work.
i swear, if i hadn't promised mother on her deathbed... that i wouldn't kill you, i would kill you.
- and believe me, no one appreciates that more than i do.
there's still a few months till the rains come, so you can all just try again.
but, hopper, since it's almost the rainy season, we need this time to gather food for ourselves.
listen, if you don't keep your end of the bargain, then i can't guarantee your safety.
and there are insects out there that will take advantage of you.
i hold in my hand the match-- the match that decides whether two bugs live or die this very evening.
in a moment, i will light this trail of matches... leading to a sheet of flypaper dowsed in lighter fluid!
aimed directly at the flypaper are tuck and roll, the pill bug cannonballs!
the cannon will be triggered by dim, trained to jump at the sound of this bell... set to go off in 15 seconds.
so, you see, it was my fault that hopper's coming back.
but then, princess atta-- boy, is she one in a million-- she let me go out and find you.
last year he played the lead in picnic. [ laughs ]
the children-- and myself-- have quickly put together... a little presentation in honor of our guests.
but if you could just do me a little favor before you leave.
if you could squish me, that would be great, because, uh, when they find out, i'm as good as dead.
- and the way you pretended to be stuck in that crack!
[ chuckling ] oh, that's just all part of the plan.
then, right when hopper and his gang are below, we'll launch the bird and scare off the grasshoppers.
now it's going to take everyone's involvement-- ...to make this plan a reality.
okay, i've told everyone you'll be stationed deep in the command bunker.
party quiets down, i sneak you out the back way and then you're outta here forever.
- it's a bug-eat-bug world out there, princess, one of those circle-of-life kind of things.
now, let me tell you how things are supposed to work.
i swear, if i hadn't promised mother on her deathbed... that i wouldn't kill you, i would kill you.
- and believe me, no one appreciates that more than i do.
there's still a few months till the rains come, so you can all just try again.
but, hopper, since it's almost the rainy season, we need this time to gather food for ourselves.
listen, if you don't keep your end of the bargain, then i can't guarantee your safety.
and there are insects out there that will take advantage of you.
i hold in my hand the match-- the match that decides whether two bugs live or die this very evening.
in a moment, i will light this trail of matches... leading to a sheet of flypaper dowsed in lighter fluid!
aimed directly at the flypaper are tuck and roll, the pill bug cannonballs!
the cannon will be triggered by dim, trained to jump at the sound of this bell... set to go off in 15 seconds.
so, you see, it was my fault that hopper's coming back.
but then, princess atta-- boy, is she one in a million-- she let me go out and find you.
last year he played the lead in picnic. [ laughs ]
the children-- and myself-- have quickly put together... a little presentation in honor of our guests.
but if you could just do me a little favor before you leave.
if you could squish me, that would be great, because, uh, when they find out, i'm as good as dead.
- and the way you pretended to be stuck in that crack!
[ chuckling ] oh, that's just all part of the plan.
then, right when hopper and his gang are below, we'll launch the bird and scare off the grasshoppers.
now it's going to take everyone's involvement-- ...to make this plan a reality.
okay, i've told everyone you'll be stationed deep in the command bunker.
party quiets down, i sneak you out the back way and then you're outta here forever.
everything that made that giant tree... is already contained inside this tiny little seed.
all it needs is some time, a little bit of sunshine and rain, and... voila !
now, let me tell you how things are supposed to work.
the sun grows the food, the ants pick the food, the grasshoppers eat the food--
but, hopper, since it's almost the rainy season, we need this time to gather food for ourselves.
listen, if you don't keep your end of the bargain, then i can't guarantee your safety.
in a moment, i will light this trail of matches... leading to a sheet of flypaper dowsed in lighter fluid !
aimed directly at the flypaper are tuck and roll, the pill bug cannonballs !
the cannon will be triggered by dim, trained to jump at the sound of this bell... set to go off in 15 seconds.
our pill bugs' only hope of survival is... our mistress of the high wire, rosie !
so, you see, it was my fault that hopper's coming back.
but then, princess atta-- boy, is she one in a million-- she let me go out and find you.
last year he played the lead in picnic. [ laughs ]
the children-- and myself-- have quickly put together... a little presentation in honor of our guests.
but if you could just do me a little favor before you leave.
if you could squish me, that would be great, because, uh, when they find out, i'm as good as dead.
- and the way you pretended to be stuck in that crack !
[ chuckling ] oh, that's just all part of the plan.
then, right when hopper and his gang are below, we'll launch the bird and scare off the grasshoppers.
now it's going to take everyone's involvement-- ...to make this plan a reality.
[ flik ] you'll probably-- you'll probably want to get goin'.
i guess you got a lot of other anthills to check into, so, bye !
- it's a bug-eat-bug world out there, princess... one of those circle-of-life kind of things.
now, let me tell you how things are supposed to work.
but, hopper, since it's almost the rainy season... we need this time to gather food for ourselves.
listen, if you don't keep your end of the bargain, then i can't guarantee your safety.
i hold in my hand the match... the match that decides whether two bugs live or die this very evening.
in a moment, i will light this trail of matches... leading to a sheet of flypaper dowsed in lighter fluid!
aimed directly at the flypaper are tuck and roll... the pill bug cannonballs!
the cannon will be triggered by dim, trained to jump at the sound of this bell... set to go off in 15 seconds.
we drew one of you dying because our teacher said it would be more dramatic.
i tell you a tale of heroes so bold... who vanquished our grasshopper enemies of old.
i will be branded with this mistake for the rest of my life.
my children's children will walk down the street... and people will point and say, "look!
but if you could just do me a little favour before you leave.
um, if you could squish me, that would be great, because, uh... when they find out, i'm as good as dead.
well, i haven't been that nice to you, and i'm sorry.
if there's any way i can make it up to you...
i've told everyone you'll be stationed deep in the command bunker.
party quiets down, i sneak you out the back way and then you're outta here forever.
you have rekindled... the long-dormant embers of purpose in our lives.
and if it wasn't for you, francis would have never gotten in touch with his feminine side.
everything that made that giant tree... is already contained inside this tiny little seed.
all it needs is some time, a little bit of sunshine and rain, and... voila !
now, let me tell you how things are supposed to work.
the sun grows the food, the ants pick the food, the grasshoppers eat the food--
but, hopper, since it's almost the rainy season, we need this time to gather food for ourselves.
listen, if you don't keep your end of the bargain, then i can't guarantee your safety.
in a moment, i will light this trail of matches... leading to a sheet offlypaper dowsed in lighter fluid.!
aimed directly at the flypaper are tuck and roll, the pill bug cannonballs.!
the cannon will be triggered by dim, trained tojump at the sound of this bell... set to go off in 15 seconds.
our pill bugs'only hope of survival is... our mistress of the high wire, rosie !
your majesty, ladies and gentlemen, boys and girls of all ages, our troupe here guarantees a performance like no other !
why, when your grasshopper friends get here, we are gonna... knock them dead !
we are going to build a bird-- a bird that we can operate from the inside, which would then be-- ...hoisted above the anthill and hidden high in the tree.
then, right when hopper and his gang are below, we'll launch the bird and scare off the grasshoppers.
now it's going to take everyone's involvement-- ...to make this plan a reality.
i know it's not our tradition to do things differently, but if our ancestors were able to build this anthill, we can certainly rally together to build this bird !
okay, i've told everyone you'll be stationed deep in the command bunker.
party quiets down, i sneak you out the back way and then you're outta here forever.
-* he was full of confidence * -* some people haven't any *
-* didn't have much common sense * -* it's highly overrated *
-* as far as i can tell * -* he could be wrong about me *
-* it's the time of your life * -* time, life *
everything that made that giant tree is already contained inside this tiny little seed.
all it needs is some time, a little bit of sunshine and rain, and voil!
i swear, if i hadn't promised mother on her deathbed that i wouldn't kill you, i would kill you.
and believe me, no one appreciates that more than i do.
but, hopper, since it's almost the rainy season, we need this time to gather food for ourselves.
listen, if you don't keep your end of the bargain, then i can't guarantee your safety.
i hold in my hand the match, the match that decides whether two bugs live or die this very evening.
in a moment, i will light this trail of matches, leading to a sheet of flypaper doused in lighter fluid!
aimed directly at the flypaper are tuck and roll, the pill-bug cannonballs!
the cannon will be triggered by dim, trained to jump at the sound of this bell, set to go off in 15 seconds.
i will be branded with this mistake for the rest of my life.
my children's children will walk down the street, and people will point and say, "look.
our blueberry troop salutes you bugs for rescuing our smallest member, princess dot.
and as a tribute to miss francis, we've changed our bandannas!
i've told everyone you'll be stationed deep in the command bunker.
party quiets down, i sneak you out the back way, and then you're out of here forever.
now, iet me tell you how things are supposed to work.
the sun grows the food, the ants pick the food, the grasshoppers eat the food--
but, hopper, since it's almost the rainy season, we need this time to gather food for ourselves.
listen, if you don't keep your end of the bargain, then i can't guarantee your safety.
leading to a sheet of flypaper dowsed in lighter fluid !
aimed directly at the flypaper are tuck and roll, the pill bug cannonbaiis !
the cannon will be triggered by dim, trained to jump at the sound of this bell... set to go off in 15 seconds.
our pill bugs' only hope of survival is... our mistress of the high wire, rosie !
so, you see, it was my fault that hopper's coming back.
but then, princess atta-- boy, is she one in a miiiion-- she let me go out and find you.
but if you could just do me a little favor before you leave.
if you could squish me, that would be great, because, uh, when they find out, i'm as good as dead.
we are going to build a bird-- a bird that we can operate from the inside, which would then be-- ...hoisted above the anthill and hidden high in the tree.
then, right when hopper and his gang are below, we'ii launch the bird and scare off the grasshoppers.
now it's going to take everyone's invoivement-- ...to make this plan a reality.
i know it's not our tradition to do things differently, but if our ancestors were able to build this anthiii, we can certainly rally together to build this bird !
- it's a bug-eat-bug world out there, princess, one of those circle-of-life kind of things.
now, let me tell you how things are supposed to work.
i swear, if i hadn't promised mother on her deathbed... that i wouldn't kill you, i would kill you.
- and believe me, no one appreciates that more than i do.
there's still a few months till the rains come, so you can all just try again.
but, hopper, since it's almost the rainy season, we need this time to gather food for ourselves.
listen, if you don't keep your end of the bargain, then i can't guarantee your safety.
and there are insects out there that will take advantage of you.
i hold in my hand the match-- the match that decides whether two bugs live or die this very evening.
in a moment, i will light this trail of matches... leading to a sheet of flypaper dowsed in lighter fluid!
aimed directly at the flypaper are tuck and roll, the pill bug cannonballs!
the cannon will be triggered by dim, trained to jump at the sound of this bell... set to go off in 15 seconds.
so, you see, it was my fault that hopper's coming back.
but then, princess atta-- boy, is she one in a million-- she let me go out and find you.
last year he played the lead in picnic. [ laughs ]
the children-- and myself-- have quickly put together... a little presentation in honor of our guests.
but if you could just do me a little favor before you leave.
if you could squish me, that would be great, because, uh, when they find out, i'm as good as dead.
- and the way you pretended to be stuck in that crack!
[ chuckling ] oh, that's just all part of the plan.
then, right when hopper and his gang are below, we'll launch the bird and scare off the grasshoppers.
now it's going to take everyone's involvement-- ...to make this plan a reality.
okay, i've told everyone you'll be stationed deep in the command bunker.
party quiets down, i sneak you out the back way and then you're outta here forever.
now, iet me tell you how things are supposed to work.
the sun grows the food, the ants pick the food, the grasshoppers eat the food--
but, hopper, since it's almost the rainy season, we need this time to gather food for ourselves.
listen, if you don't keep your end of the bargain, then i can't guarantee your safety.
leading to a sheet of flypaper dowsed in lighter fluid !
aimed directly at the flypaper are tuck and roll, the pill bug cannonbaiis !
the cannon will be triggered by dim, trained to jump at the sound of this bell... set to go off in 15 seconds.
our pill bugs' only hope of survival is... our mistress of the high wire, rosie !
so, you see, it was my fault that hopper's coming back.
but then, princess atta-- boy, is she one in a miiiion-- she let me go out and find you.
but if you could just do me a little favor before you leave.
if you could squish me, that would be great, because, uh, when they find out, i'm as good as dead.
we are going to build a bird-- a bird that we can operate from the inside, which would then be-- ...hoisted above the anthill and hidden high in the tree.
then, right when hopper and his gang are below, we'ii launch the bird and scare off the grasshoppers.
now it's going to take everyone's invoivement-- ...to make this plan a reality.
i know it's not our tradition to do things differently, but if our ancestors were able to build this anthiii, we can certainly rally together to build this bird !
everything that made that giant tree... is already contained inside this tiny little seed.
all it needs is some time, a little bit of sunshine and rain, and... voil!
i swear, if i hadn't promised mother on her deathbed... that i wouldn't kill you, i would kill you.
- and believe me, no one appreciates that more than i do.
there's still a few months till the rains come... so you can all just try again.
but, hopper, since it's almost the rainy season... we need this time to gather food for ourselves.
listen, if you don't keep your end of the bargain, then i can't guarantee your safety.
and there are insects out there that will take advantage of you.
in a moment, i will light this trail of matches... leading to a sheet of flypaper dowsed in lighter fluid!
aimed directly at the flypaper are tuck and roll... the pill bug cannonballs!
the cannon will be triggered by dim, trained to jump at the sound of this bell... set to go off in 15 seconds.
our pill bugs' only hope of survival is... our mistress of the high wire, rosie!
your majesty, ladies and gentlemen... boys and girls of all ages... our troupe here guarantees a performance like no other!
why, when your grasshopper friends get here, we are gonna... knock them dead!
sorry i have to take the warriors away so early... but you know, uh, they have a...
they have a lot to get done, with the battle looming and all.
our blueberry troop salutes you bugs for rescuing our smallest member, princess dot.
and as a tribute to miss francis, we've changed our bandannas!
the governor ordered his troops to recapture it by any means necessary.
when the smoke cleared, literally, six prisoners and two correctional officers were dead.
lord, we pray for the souls of our friends and colleagues,
officers edward hunt and anthony nowakowski and we pray for the souls of the six prisoners who died as well.
you can point your finger at the next man, you can shift the weight onto him, you don't have to carry that shit around yourself.
you can slide into bed and get a good night's nap.
oh, come on, said, you talk a good game about the truth.
but how come it doesn't include taking responsibility for what you've done?
governor devlin, the one man whose actions should be investigated, is the man that appointed you.
that's like me getting to pick the jury at my own trial.
you throw a bullet in someone's brain, you pretty much figure he's done.
maybe he shot him in the heart first, or the balls, and ross just kept coming.
yeah, but the bullet from ross' brain was in the wall below the command centre by a tv set.
and the one that went through his heart was embedded in the floor.
that was my first thought, that someone used the opportunity to take revenge on the guy.
but after talking with officer heim, who, by the way, leo, is lying through his teeth, i realized he'd never cover for a con.
and i'm tired of telling them i have absolute faith in you, because frankly, i don't.
we'd be moving a lot faster if alvah could just stay focused on the big picture.
did he ever mention having a sexual relationship with anyone on the staff?
as you'll see in the files, he said a lot of things.
when i get out of here, i'm gonna be a better person.
because, like, this whole biting thing just isn't working for me, you know?
mcmanus wasn't shot with a 9 mm from a sort team handgun.
the striations show he was hit with a 9 mm, probably from a glock or a sig sauer.
because you know it's up to me when and if you get out of solitary confinement.
now, i know how important it is for you to be among your people, leading, guiding, nurturing them.
i might have been underneath the control panel at the command station holding that gun when a sort team member came in and started to beat me.
and in not wanting to kill anybody, i might have thrown that gun over the side.
you voluntarily went into em city to negotiate the release of the injured officers and diane wittlesey.
you traded yourself for armstrong and mineo, putting yourself into what can only be called a jackpot situation.
especially knowing that you'd fall into the hands of scott ross, a man you despised.
how ironic is it then, that he was the one who shot you?
you managed to loose the binds before it all came down.
you told me that after mcmanus fell to the ground, you, quote, "l cradled him in my arms," end quote.
so as it turns out, no one was to blame for the riot.
in fact, if no one was to blame, that means nothing bad happened.
the governor ordered his troops to recapture it by any means necessary.
when the smoke cleared, literally, six prisoners and two correctional officers were dead.
you wanna close down emerald city permanently, you want me to say that the prisoners are guilty of everything and that you were totally justified in bringing in the sort team.
you want your hands clean of the blood of those eight dead.
judge fee and mr. balling will focus on events leading up to the riot.
bishop callahan and mr. dodge will deal with the behaviour of the inmates and the staff during the riot.
- so sort team member a, he enters the common room in em city, lowers his rifle.
ross comes at him from out of the dark, he raises his handgun, fires.
maybe he shot him in the heart first, or the balls, and ross just kept coming.
yeah, but the bullet from ross' brain was in the wall below the command centre by a tv set.
not because i'm so honest, but because i have a bad memory.
and you can't be a good liar if you got a bad memory.
now, hunt and nowakowski died during the first moments of the assault.
and mcmanus was shot, so there's less of a chance that he killed ross.
- well, if it is, it is only a small part of our overall mission.
i disagree. i think it's endemic of the whole problem here at oz.
doctor, you know, the last time i had a woman tie me down like this, i married her.
well, if she kept you like that, you might still be married.
no, it had to be a more specific reason than that.
ross had to have done something at that moment to get her to pull that trigger.
but i'm using my time in here to turn my head around.
when i get out of here, i'm gonna be a better person.
because, like, this whole biting thing just isn't working for me, you know?
so as a sign that i'm on the straight and narrow, i'm gonna tell you my little secret.
now, i know how important it is for you to be among your people, leading, guiding, nurturing them.
that's gonna be hard to do through 8 tons of steel.
well, theoretically speaking, if i had a gun when the sort team entered, here's what might have happened.
i might have been underneath the control panel at the command station holding that gun when a sort team member came in and started to beat me.
you traded yourself for armstrong and mineo, putting yourself into what can only be called a jackpot situation.
especially knowing that you'd fall into the hands of scott ross, a man you despised.
you told me that after mcmanus fell to the ground, you, quote, "l cradled him in my arms," end quote.
how could you cradle him with your arms behind your back?
in the last attack on berlin, masterminded by marshall zhukov, hundred thousand germans would be overwhelmed by 250,000 soviet troops and an unprecedented concentration of artillery.
in this time of propaganda and official self-censorship, colour film was just beginning to be more widely available.
gerhard garms, probably working for one of goebbels propaganda units, filmed these images from the front.
his brief was to capture heroic poses for the cinemas of the fatherland with this kind of footage was intended to inspire german civilians to hold onto nazi dreams of supremacy had long been in ruins.
well staged images of hitler and his powerful dictatorship are all-too-familiar in black and white.
but hidden in film archives and private collections, more intimate colour film, some shoot by amateur enthusiasts, are also survived.
filmed on normandy beaches and at country festivals, some of this footage documents ordinary life in the third reich, some of it the horrific reality of hitler's extraordinary worldview.
access to these nazi home movies and a wealth of history they contain is relatively recent and like british and american footage of the time, much of its content is controlled by the nature of its source.
but the colour of these images somehow brings us closer to the evil intent of nazi ideology and the changes it brought up in the world.
in the autumn of 1937 hitler is intensifying his campaign of intimidation against the austrian chancellor.
his goal was anschluss, a vital step on the path towards the establishment of the gross deutsche reich, the greater german empire.
in bckeburg, in lower saxony, nazi germany was celebrating harvest festival.
paul joseph goebbels considered propaganda and art for his talents played a central role in the rise of the nazi party.
in bckeburg, hundreds of thousands of german peasants gathered to hail their fhrer, their leader ever since he become chancellor in 1933 and proclaimed the third reich.
his followers cheered their charismatic fhrer, who had created jobs, re-established national pride and was steering germany to a proud and prosperous future.
these inhabitants of edderitz celebrated harvest festival on the same day and dressed up in national costume for the occasion.
an official nazi camera team from the local administrative division probably working on rassen forschung, for race research, which is being carried out with the sole purpose of seeking scientific validation for hitler's secret area myth, came to document this parade for their folklore archive.
it was this essence of the german nation that nazi ethnologists wanted to capture and to this end they use the new 16 mm colour film to record images of national festivals.
harvest festival is to be the expression of our gratitude for god's rich blessings, wrote a little german girl in that day.
yet it is also an expression of our gratitude for the reich's leadership, which helped to bring new prosperity to our business.
through her films we sure her bourgeois lifestyle and can observe probably the only uncensored scenes from hitler's private life.
this footage was supposed to have been destroyed at the end of the war, but in october 1945 it fell into the hands of the american secret service, who preserved it in washington's national archive.
she is accompanied by her hollywood colleague douglas fairbanks jr., as well as with small camera with colour film.
daughter maria and rudolf sieber, the husband to be, are also present.
"venice should only be seen at dusk", she writes to her daughter.
we drink dom perignon, walkover small arched bridges, listen to the songs of the gondolier's.
from the platform of honour, the fuhrer's trusted chief pilot hans baur, also an amateur film enthusiast, captured with intimacy the fascist dictators, as they enjoyed the military parade.
after the fall of the third reich, baur's unique record of hitler's world was thought to be destroyed or lost, but it was recently discovered in the position of the former american soldier from tennessee.
the third reich now began to show off its growing strength not only in germany but also beyond its borders.
during the 1937 world exhibition in paris the germans occupied a site adjacent to the eiffel tower,
in berlin and obersalzberg they deliberated over drawings and drafts through the night.
the fuhrer, who would have liked to have been an architect, saw in albert speer the perfect designer of his grand plans.
speer, already a member of the close circle around the dictator, was on friendly terms with eva braun, who film them together in early 1938.
by this time the use of colour film was becoming widespread amongst the wealthier amateur filmmakers in germany.
in quedlinburg, a ss officer filmed heinrich himmler, on a visit to the city.
each year himmler paid tribute to his idol king heinrich, the first who was buried in quedlinburg cathedral.
the ss leader was obsessed with the arial myth of superiority, symbolised by the swastika.
intended to replace christian faith with germanic cults under the third reich's and his training of the ss was steeped in secret ritual.
by this time the goebbels nazi propaganda machine, which had complete control of all forms of media, had been manipulating history for the years.
here, at the 700th anniversary of the founding of iserlohn, the parade of # scenes from its earliest history, march through the city.
this proud contingent of the hitler youth shows the fuhrer's clever and manipulative grip on young people's believes.
by age of 10, all children have to join his youth leagues, dedicated to nazi principles.
the later floats described how the scandalous treaty of versailles, the turmoil of the weimar republic, has been overcome once and for all thanks to national socialism.
by february 1938, frustrated by what he saw in tidiness of his own generals,
hitler effectively remove all top level military opposition to his aggressive expansionist plans and assumed full control of the armed forces.
by this time, nazi delegations were naturally part of any parade.
there was certainly vocal and widespread support, but many still found anti-semitism and theories of racial supremacy distasteful or absurd.
nonetheless unwanted elements, ethnic-, social-, or political continue to be systematically eliminated from the third reich by being imprisoned or forced into manual labour in concentration camps.
with the anschluss, the annexation of austria, gained the great spring cleansing.
on 18 march 1938 anti-jewish pogroms in the enforcement of german anti-semitic laws unmask the racial frenzy in vienna.
in may 1938th, hans baur, the fuhrer's chief pilot, flew hitler and his entourage to italy on a state visit.
he documented his impressions in a small film; he called "beautiful italy".
six months later the film was shown to the german public.
the host, king victor emmanuel iii, was an expert in demonstrating his superiority over benito mussolini, who after all held the power.
but the italians recently returned from their embarrassing, but eventually triumphant foray to abyssinia, were slowly becoming the junior partners in the rome-berlin axis.
hitler and his escorts were little impressed by the italian show of force.
the demonstrations by the italian fleet however as hans baur later recalled did gain the respect of the german allies.
although a lot of this amateur footage does not document the decisive stages of the third reich, it sadly reveals the extent of the grip nazi ideology had over the german people.
"the jews are our misfortune" being one of his most famous.
bright colour footage of children carrying swastikas made of flowers at the festival in thringen, badra is quite chilling in the light of this propaganda.
once a symbol of peace the swastika now stood for one of the most invidious racial supremacist regimes of the 20th century.
in the summer of 1938 munich city councillor christian weber arranged for a particularly unusual event to be staged.
since visiting the world exhibition in paris weber, a fervent nazi, wanted to prove that german girls were much prettier than french girls.
so the german diana, goddess of the hunt, and her servants was shown off in an unusually liberal manner by an artisans.
that same summer the annual gypsy festival took place in the small town wieskau in the saxony-anhalt.
the nazi ethnologists game with their cameras to shoot colour film of these activities.
a special section had been created for them in the buchenwald concentration camp.
approximately 250,000 but maybe as many as 500,000 gypsies ultimately died in the holocaust.
this festival included an odd custom hanging an effigy of thief at its close.
this footage was found in the federal film archive of the berlin, commissioned by the national socialist party.
the cameraman erik #wisleder and paul # weitz visited the nazi congress in nuremberg in september 1938 document life in the delegate's camp.
for this special occasion they were allowed to shoot in the 16mm colour film.
this time, in the pose of the determined and powerful politician.
that same month hitler intended to bring the sudetenland whole into the reich, with the military operation against czechoslovakia, in line with his plans to overturn the treaty of versailles.
but the operation codenamed "green" was cancelled, as western powers urged him to come to a diplomatic agreement.
the agreement, that which the czechs were not present, gave into nearly all of hitler's demands and ceded sudetenland to germany.
german forces crossed the border unopposed, on the 1th october 1938.
harald von vietinghoff-riesch, an officer of the third reich, was present with this film camera when german forces performed a victory parade in the marketplace of the kratzau.
the generals, walther von reichenau, fedor von bock and gnther von kluge, here accepted the salute of local dignitaries and then signed the golden book of the city.
this is home movie of hitler's architect albert speer on a skiing and mountain climbing holiday in the alps.
as he posed for the camera, entire district of berlin were cleared of jews on his orders, as a nazis work towards germanic, hitler's dream metropolis for his master race.
this idyllic scene, documented on 16mm colour film, shows albert speer's children hilda and albert jr., looking for easter eggs, the numerous offspring of the bormann's family and eva braun.
back on the terrace hitler posed for eva again, surrounded by old comrades.
his secretary martin bormann however, did not like to be filmed.
the marksman marched under the banner of the nazi reich's league for physical exercises and local sa or the brownshirts provided the military band.
later the rifle king presented himself with his queen and escorts.
at a fair in eisleben, these germans enjoyed peace in the spring of 1939.
these were some of the last peaceful times, before german enforced war upon europe later that year.
on the 12th of march 1939, the cavalry school in hanover, the officers had been invited to display their skills on horseback.
just three days later, hitler's troops occupied the so-called remnant czechoslovakia.
this was the first german annexation of territory not dominated by german population.
it prompted britain and france to guarantee poland's borders that same month.
"we are bonded for the better and the worse", as part of hitler's speech to the nation on the occasion of labour day, to which received frenetic applause.
as war loomed, eva braun travelled through hamburg harbour, as she headed north with the small group.
she filmed the big cruises of the reich, like "strength through joy", which were anchored at the landing bridges.
a small group from the berghoff, travelled on the milwaukee to norway.
only on these excursions could you change the plane dirndl for a more modern wardrobe, quite out of step with the proper role of girls and women in the third reich.
by 1936, 2 million girls, aged 15 to 21, were dedicated themselves to comradeship, service and physical fitness for motherhood, by joining the bund deutscher mdel, the league of german girls.
hitler wanted to observe the day of german art as a true festival of peace, celebrating national socialism's cultural achievements.
members of the local amateur filmclub occupied strategic points to film the activities.
the first event on the agenda was a wreath laying ceremony at the grave of prof ludwig troost.
the professor, commissioned by the fuhrer, had finished designing the house of arts only shortly before his death.
in the afternoon, everybody who was anybody in the third reich, took a seat on the platform of honour, to admire the three-act parade with scenes depicting 2000 years of german history.
the nazi procession, wrote an american spectator, is the admission of the fuhrer's ruthless conquering plans.
indeed the next victim of his megalomania had already been decided, poland.
this film was shot by a british vet reginald meacham as he travelled to danzig.
since 1919 the city had been under the supervision of the league of nations, but the predominantly german population now unmistakably demonstrated to meacham camera that the city wanted to be part of the third reich.
on 12th august 1939, eva braun filmed once again on the terrace of the berghoff, as hitler waited for the italian foreign minister galeazzo ciano to arrive.
for official functions the fuhrer's mistress had to withdraw to her rooms.
this time she secretly shot a few scenes of the state visitor's arrival, through a window.
ciano wanted to win over an ally, for the summoning of an international conference, but the fuhrer was determined to beat poland by military means.
heinrich himmler, the head of the ss, police and the gestapo, here arrives at obersalzberg with his henchmen reinhard heydrich and karl wolff.
fighter squadron 54 of the german air force was prepared for the imminent "case white", the invasion of poland.
time and again, the pilots of the messerschmitt 109, were put to the test.
pilot werner piquen-galau headed the last test flight of his squadron.
on the ground the machines were lovingly maintained in preparation for war.
lt. edgar forsberg, from the 257th infantry division, was sent with his division in the southern poland.
for many years, the book printer from berlin, had been an enthusiastic amateur filmmaker.
the 257th infantry division was transferred from polish territory to saarland, a train ride through the valley of the nahe river.
france has launched an abortive offensive into the saarland in september 1939, before retreating to the security of the maginot line.
all road- and rail connections were cut off and bridges destroyed.
for months all had been quiet on the western front, with only occasional small skirmishes.
filmed again by lt. forsberg, this strange episode, called "the phoney war", lasted more than eight months.
in saint-albain, french grenade set fire to empty houses, images that would become common in the coming war.
since the invasion of poland the fuhrer now only wore solider's grey coat.
he had little time for eva and her girlfriends, since october he had wanted to attack france.
the main thrust against france came through the wooded ardennes region, wrongly thought, by the allies, to be impossible for tanks.
these images, filmed by harald vietinghoff-riesch show the aftermath of the offensive.
at the front was an officer of the abwehr, german military intelligence,
captain hermann meier-riggs, carried in his back an 8mm camera and some colour film.
his scouts have been collecting information on the operational and tactical plans of the french.
the french have little with which to stop the advance of the germans.
since german tank divisions have broken through the french frontline near sedan, on the 14th of may, leading panzy units advanced quickly, reaching the channel coast noyelles-sur-mer on the 20th of may, cutting off the british expeditionary force and the best units of the french army.
german intelligence meticulously documented the damages of war and the casualties on both sides.
and hitler's chief pilot, hans baur, filmed what was left of allied aeroplanes.
the air force generals rejoiced in their victory, particularly hermann gring's deputy erhard milch.
but here at odendorf airfield, near euskirchen, hermann gring and the german armed forces supreme command are being briefed by their leader.
on the 2th of june 1940, at # airfield in northern france badly wounded german soldiers were flown in.
soon after adolf hitler arrived in his mercedes limousine, to congratulate the wounded on their victory.
triumphant leaders of the german military forces were recorded here at lunch, by baur.
for the supreme commander, of course, there was a special vegetarian menu.
even newsreel cameramen seldom have the opportunity to film hitler like this.
with the exception of eva braun's private films, these scenes, filmed by hans baur, are the only informal colour shots of the dictator, neither cut nor censored.
two days later, as german troops occupied the small town of dunkirk.
when the germans finally arrived at the beach, they became aware, that they had not succeeded in dealing a decisive blow.
at the last moment, the allies had managed to evacuate 338,000 men, despite the heavy bombardment, but they have been forced to leave behind the larger part of their equipment.
not until 1944 they returned to france, to avenge their comrades, killed in action.
german tank and mechanised units advanced further into france, where they met little resistance.
by now germany has reached the weygand line, the defensive line along the river somme.
and on 10th of june german forces had across the seine, that same day italy declared war on france and britain.
the intelligence officer hermann meier-riggs films the scenes in the first hours of the occupation.
he captures the pride of the conquerors and the humiliation of the defeated.
chief pilot hans baur filmed the fuhrer and his entourage as they walked to the viewing platform on the trocadero.
albert speer later reported that it was only at this moment that the fuhrer abandoned his plan to destroy paris.
at saint-louis des invalides hitler lingered at napoleon's sacre coffins, perhaps recalling past and present dreams of supremacy.
the panthon was his next stop to visit the french hall of fame.
the german dictator's expansionist dreams had come to trueish at least for the time be.
five years later, however, the french would be dancing in the streets of paris, celebrating victory as berlin and the third reich lay in ruins.
for the british, the battle of britain was about to begin.
the luftwaffe launched their attacks on merchant shipping in the channel on the 10th of july.
the war must seemed far away, to the berliners seen here, enjoying the summer sun at the onset here.
hitler had promised his people that the third reich would last 1000 years.
in these weeks, it seemed as the leader might be right.
early in july 1940, the entire city rejoiced as hitler returned victorious.
france had accepted terms, and britain was expected to ask for the peace imminently.
in freiburg, a battalion of the reich's arbeitsdienst, the compulsory labour service for all able-bodied citizens of the third reich, prepare for departure.
he was billeted with the other men of his battalion in the school not far from the city.
reger unique colour films survive the duration of the war, by being buried in the forest, near leipzig.
since october 1939 polish jews have been commandeered as slave labor.
by november 1940, the krakow ghetto had been sealed off, imprisoning some 70,000 jews, and within a few days the warsaw ghetto, holding over 400,000 jews, was also sealed off.
in just three weeks, between the first and 27th of september 1939, the luftwaffe had reduced warsaw to rubble.
these pictures were taken of the summer camp of the leipzig hitler youth, in the austrian #.
with her six children, magda goebbels likes to present herself and her children as a model national socialist family.
productive goebbels was seldom at home, and is said to have had so many affairs, that people called him the "goat of babelsberg".
my daddy is the best comrade, sang the goebbels children for his birthday film.
without hesitating, their parents would have all six children given lethal injections on may 1, 1945, after the suicide of the fuhrer, brought an end to the third reich.
magda goebbels justified the murder of her children, saying the world which will follow in the wake of the fuhrer and national socialism will no longer to be worth living in.
but in the summer of 1940 hitler was at the height of his power and with almost all of europe surrendered to the nazis.
churchill had warned the british public that he had nothing to offer, but blood, misery, tears, and sweat.
it was not long before this became a reality, as the luftwaffe's bombardment of british cities began.
so many piles of broken window panes littered the streets that london has coined a new phrase "blitz windows".
despite a german invasion of great britain being against all expectations, the home guard in england still took up arms.
should the germans have succeeded in invading and somehow advancing inland, they would have been welcomed by some clever camouflage manoeuvres.
national coastal defenses to inhibit nazi landing boats, even reaching the beaches, had also been installed.
gtz hirt-reger attended at course in schliefen barracks to train as a radio operator.
whenever he had the opportunity, probably unofficially, he shot scenes of soldiers engaged in the basic training.
for months all they did was train, as hitler postponed the invasion of england, called operation sea lion, time and again.
in the end, hitler had to accept that the invasion of britain was not possible.
the first us president who took office for a full third term.
during the election campaign, roosevelt promised the americans that their sons need not go to war, but he would do all he could for the british war effort.
american nazis had built a community centre at camp bergwald, where they sought to emulate their german role model.
at santa monica beach, the composer friedrich hollnder films enjoyable scenes together, with director ernst lubitz.
the two men from berlin are among those, who have made it in hollywood.
star director lubitz always uses his good connections to find jobs for emigrants from nazi germany.
friedrich hollnder, who gained world fame as the composer of marlene dietrich's songs, can afford a villa at woodrow wilson drive in hollywood hills.
daughter philine managed to leave europe on one of the last passenger lines.
but he had secured the lend lease act, which provided vital material assistance to britain, and the soviet union.
here in halifax harbour in nova scotia, cargo ships were loaded with weapons and supplies to cross the atlantic.
america also lend 50 old destroyers to help combat the u-boat menace, attacking these supply convoys.
and by late summer 1941, america was engaged in an undeclared war, as roosevelt ordered us warships to attack u-boats on site.
german submarines did however manage to successfully torpedo supply boats, but the royal navy fought back.
these are survivors of the sunken warship bismarck, arriving in halifax as prisoners of war.
gottfried kessel filmed both these horrific retaliation for his war diary.
two months later the german army invaded to the soviet union.
friedrich gehrke took part in operation barbarossa as a supply commander of the 23rd infantry division.
he had brought a camera and colour film with him from occupied paris.
by the evening of the first day his unit had reached the burning village of andreevo.
in under a week german troops had swept through the part of poland annexed by the soviets.
in march 1941 hitler declared that the forthcoming war with russia was a new kind of war.
the war between races and between ideologies, it would have to be waged with unprecedented, unmerciful and unrelenting heartness.
as ideological enemies of nazi germany, all soviet commissars would have to be eliminated.
the generals of the third reich were empowered by hitler, to pardon any german soldier who broke international law.
by the end of the war approximately 7 million ukrainians had died.
general field marshal gnther von kluge now focused on planning his campaign against moscow.
that summer adolf hitler met the italian dictator benito mussolini in gorsk.
il duce had com expressly to convince himself of the successful progress of the campaign, in which his soldiers participated.
despite the extraordinary censorship of the period, baur continue to be free to pursue his hobby in the immediate vicinity of the fuhrer.
for their flight to the ukraine mussolini asked to sit in the cockpit.
baur use this opportunity to get a close-up shot of mussolini.
il duce was sitting there, stiff like a stuffed dummy, he later recalled.
german forces had advanced more than 400 miles on a front that stretched from the crimea in the south to leningrad in the north and inflicted devastating losses on soviet forces.
these scenes from a burning village near smolensk filmed by friedrich gehrke show the extent of the destruction.
the ones who survived were transported to germany as forced labour.
but by the beginning of the winter, the germans first got stuck in the mud then later in the snow.
on the outskirts of moscow hitler and his generals were brought to a standstill.
equipment failed in the sub-zero temperatures and inadequately clothed german soldiers literally froze to death.
back in the fatherland a sports group of the german labour front from breslau set out on a run in may of 1942.
it was the duty of comrades on the home front to stay fit for their final victory, as the master race.
but for those persecuted by nazi ideology, there were no options.
here in catholic # near kniebau, 40 gypsy children, whose parents were in concentration camps lived.
gypsies were the only other racial group apart from jews to be explicitly targeted for extermination.
race researcher eva justin filmed them for her thesis on the fate of gypsy children not brought up according to germanic standards.
in 1942 nazi camera team travelled to warsaw to make a film about the ghetto.
goebbels propaganda ministry probably sent the reporters, but their precise task remains unclear.
after the war, black-and-white fragments of film shot in the ghetto were discovered.
but in 1996, in a private collection in moscow, this colour material was found.
only in cemetery will remain of the jewish question predicting the german governor of warsaw when he declared an area of the city the jewish quarter.
the sectioned off area contained 400,000 people who were forced to live pack together in the ghetto.
children sang "good people have mercy on us and throw us a piece of bread".
by now the order to clear the warsaw ghetto had already been given and would start soon.
hans pasternak took more realistic pictures of the horror of war.
on the 10th january 1943 hitler met the romanian dictator antonescu at his wolf's lair, heavily defended bunker complex in east prussia.
hitler held the romanians responsible for the critical situation of the six army at stalingrad.
at this stage hitler insisted on concealing from the german people the fact that the 200,000 men of 6th army and 4th panzer army had been encircled and trapped near stalingrad for weeks.
on 14th of january 1943 winston churchill arrived in casablanca for a secret conference with the american president.
stalin was also invited to morocco but declain to a #, as a meeting coincided with the closing stages of the battle of stalingrad.
two months earlier more than 100,000 allied soldiers have landed in northern africa and occupied morocco and algeria.
roosevelt visited the american forces there and was filmed by u.s. army cameraman.
after their bitter defeat the remainder of rommel's africa corps withdrawn to their bases in tunisia where a final surrender of axis forces in north africa took place in early may 1943.
the field marshal had already been ordered to return to germany.
in the wake of defeat arab volunteers were recruited by the germans for sabotage operations.
colonel meier-riggs, part of abwehr, filmed with this small 8mm camera as the auxiliary troops were sworn in.
allied forces took 130,000 german and 120,000 italian soldiers prisoner in tunisia.
in the port of tunis, german soldiers boarded the "thomas stone".
this american transport ship had participated in the allied landing in north africa.
it now transports the defeated german soldiers to the us to stay in pow camps until the end of the war according to the geneva convention.
the us 1th infantry division had been allocated the landings zone on the gulf of gela.
the italians would long since tired of the war, wanted to resign from their coalition with hitler.
for 38 days the germans resisted fiercely, but on 17th august 1943 messina, the most northerly point on sicily was liberated and came under allied control.
meanwhile the nazi leaders invested their final hopes for victory in miracle weapons, secretly at the peenemunde test plant, a new prototype rocket the v2 was being tested.
the test rocket took off according to plan but after a few seconds it went into a spin and crashed out of the control.
wernher von braun, imagining the whole v2 project endangered by this failure, requested a second try immediately.
24% of the raf's bomber command aircrews could expect to survive the war unharmed, 51% would be killed on operations.
many flying fortresses however managed to unload their lethal cargo successfully as demonstrated in these scenes of a raid on wilhelmshof.
the bombs had started a horrific firestorm, entire districts were completely destroyed.
it's thought that 40,000 german civilians were killed in the so-called gomorrah raids on hamburg.
the americans fly through their raids during the day the british had not.
the bombers took off at 5 o'clock in the afternoon and after some four hours reached the capital of the third reich.
in one of these devastating air raids the premises of universal film ag in berlin tempelhof was heavily damaged in february 1944.
but the continued production of propaganda newsreels from goebbels film empire had hardly been touched.
the film producers were now working on another newsreel series called panorama which was filmed in colour.
these scenes are typical of most of the programs, fairy-tale national socialist world in agfa colour with no mention of the war on the home front.
during filming in berlin however war reporter jarovski cannot entirely keep the impact of war out of his shots, so cheerful soldiers and happy berliners were placed firmly on the picture.
the fact that berlin in the fifth year of war was being raided without interruption by the allies, that the russian front had long since broken down and that hundreds of thousands of german soldiers were dead or imprisoned,
still have no place in the propaganda of the third reich.
the self-centred footage makes it look as if the german nation is readily putting up minor bothers of war and sacrifice for the final victory.
these pictures of successful dive bomber raids somewhere in the soviet union also suggest an unbroken faith in victory, and decline of the third reich is by now reversal.
as allied air raids threaten to paralyse the german armament industry, strategic production plants were moved underground or bunkered in.
almost incidentally he filmed the systematic brutalisation of concentration camp prisoners.
despite the work of the 10,000 slave workers, the bunker remained unfinished and submarines were never constructed here.
despite heavy casualties they succeeded in creating a bridgehead during the first day of the invasion.
one of the american camera teams, working for the american secret service, oss, on duty during the d-day, was led by hollywood director john ford.
ford's hollywood colleagues william weiler and john sturgess with their own camera teams were also on duty for a special film project in the south of france.
since the us 7th army had landed near toulon in mid-august, they recorded their advance in north.
the liberators were welcomed by the french rural population with bread and wine.
here the german soldiers surrendered to the gi's for him the war was over, he'd survived.
the defence of france cost the germans a total of 700,000 casualties.
approximately 50 million people died in the second world war, an estimated 6 million of them in the nazi holocaust.
48,000 men of hitler's once so glorious german army were taken prisoner at toulon and marseille.
meanwhile 50,000 prisoners were taken at the calais pocket in normandy.
they were at first held in temporary camps and later, like the comrades of the africa corps, later shipped to pow camps.
since italy had concluded a special armistice with the allies early in september 1943,
the italians wanted mussolini, who still headed a puppet government in northern italy, deposed.
he was caught and executed by italian partisans in april 1945.
in october 1944, the allied troops finally reached the western frontier of the third reich the so-called siegfried line.
the gi records his first impressions of the enemy's country and its people.
these pictures are from aachen, the first german city liberated from national socialism by the allies.
the mayor of aachen, franz oppenhoff, installed here by the americans, was assassinated days later by the werewolves, fanatical diehard nazi partisan group.
six months of war still lay ahead of allied soldiers, fierce battles and many dead's, as a fanatical minority of nazis followed the fuhrer to the bitter end.
shoot in autumn in 1944, this nazi propaganda film shows, how the hitler youth provided young blood for the kriegsmarine, the german navy.
shortly before the end of the war, this 16-year-old was drafted for military service as cannon fodder.
for the producers of the propaganda newsreels panorama holding out was all.
the circus program is all that the newsreel, officials can come up with in face of the menacing fall of nazi germany.
back in the reality of war early in april 1945 units of the 3rd u.s. army freed ohrdruf concentration camp in thuringia.
reluctantly the inhabitants of the surrounding villages were forced to face the terrible truth.
almost at the same time the german army's last contingent took up position along the oder river with its camera team for the propaganda machine of the crumbling third reich.
the propaganda machine of the third reich held out to the very end up to the last few feet of the last roll of colour film.
the agency told you you had to pay for your own uniforms, right?
ok, y-y-you are the fairy godmother, a-a-and i a-am the princess.
we live in a big castle, a-a-a-and i have lots of princess dresses.
'so this flea bag got run of the place, 'and was allowed to hang out on the couch 'where me and marie used to watch tv.
'i was banished to this very uncomfortable coat rack, 'which they called a "perch".'
i'm telling you, he is the most extraordinary creature i have ever encountered.
yeah, well, i have grant committees from the n.i.h. and the n.s.f.
(paulie) 'so this flea bag got run of the place, 'and was allowed to hang out on the couch 'where me and marie used to watch tv.
'i was banished to this very uncomfortable coat rack, 'which they called a "perch".'
we always used to talk about going to the grand canyon, but we just never got that far.
earl said that if you stand right at the edge just when the sun comes up, it's like seeing the first sunrise in the whole world.
(paulie) 'there are things in life you put off, 'because you think you're gonna do them later.
'but the real thing ivy taught me 'is you gotta live like there may not be a later.
'most of 'em stunk, but the one about hiring a detective was good.
'i figured, for the right amount of green stuff, 'any detective worth his trench coat could find her.
'towards the end of the month, the pickings were always a little slim.
'i don't know if that's cos they spent it all or cos we stole it.'
'a couple of night flybys and i found the perfect target.
'we stopped by ruby's favorite restaurant for a burrito 'before the big heist.'
yeah, well, i have grant committees from the n.i.h. and the n.s.f.
some guy from the national geographic is talking about a special.
(paulie) 'so this flea bag got run of the place, 'and was allowed to hang out on the couch 'where me and marie used to watch tv.
'i was banished to this very uncomfortable coat rack, 'which they called a "perch".'
we always used to talk about going to the grand canyon, but we just never got that far.
earl said that if you stand right at the edge just when the sun comes up, it's like seeing the first sunrise in the whole world.
(paulie) 'there are things in life you put off, 'because you think you're gonna do them later.
'but the real thing ivy taught me 'is you gotta live like there may not be a later.
'most of 'em stunk, but the one about hiring a detective was good.
'i figured, for the right amount of green stuff, 'any detective worth his trench coat could find her.
'towards the end of the month, the pickings were always a little slim.
'i don't know if that's cos they spent it all or cos we stole it.'
'a couple of night flybys and i found the perfect target.
'we stopped by ruby's favorite restaurant for a burrito 'before the big heist.'
yeah, well, i have grant committees from the n.i.h. and the n.s.f.
some guy from the national geographic is talking about a special.
(paulie) 'so this flea bag got run of the place, 'and was allowed to hang out on the couch 'where me and marie used to watch tv.
'i was banished to this very uncomfortable coat rack, 'which they called a "perch".'
we always used to talk about going to the grand canyon, but we just never got that far.
earl said that if you stand right at the edge just when the sun comes up, it's like seeing the first sunrise in the whole world.
(paulie) 'there are things in life you put off, 'because you think you're gonna do them later.
'but the real thing ivy taught me 'is you gotta live like there may not be a later.
'most of 'em stunk, but the one about hiring a detective was good.
'i figured, for the right amount of green stuff, 'any detective worth his trench coat could find her.
'towards the end of the month, the pickings were always a little slim.
'i don't know if that's cos they spent it all or cos we stole it.'
'a couple of night flybys and i found the perfect target.
'we stopped by ruby's favorite restaurant for a burrito 'before the big heist.'
yeah, well, i have grant committees from the n.i.h. and the n.s.f.
some guy from the national geographic is talking about a special.
(paulie) 'so this flea bag got run of the place, 'and was allowed to hang out on the couch 'where me and marie used to watch tv.
'i was banished to this very uncomfortable coat rack, 'which they called a "perch".'
we always used to talk about going to the grand canyon, but we just never got that far.
earl said that if you stand right at the edge just when the sun comes up, it's like seeing the first sunrise in the whole world.
(paulie) 'there are things in life you put off, 'because you think you're gonna do them later.
'but the real thing ivy taught me 'is you gotta live like there may not be a later.
'most of 'em stunk, but the one about hiring a detective was good.
'i figured, for the right amount of green stuff, 'any detective worth his trench coat could find her.
'towards the end of the month, the pickings were always a little slim.
'i don't know if that's cos they spent it all or cos we stole it.'
'a couple of night flybys and i found the perfect target.
'we stopped by ruby's favorite restaurant for a burrito 'before the big heist.'
yeah, well, i have grant committees from the n.i.h. and the n.s.f.
some guy from the national geographic is talking about a special.
(paulie) 'so this flea bag got run of the place, 'and was allowed to hang out on the couch 'where me and marie used to watch tv.
'i was banished to this very uncomfortable coat rack, 'which they called a "perch".'
we always used to talk about going to the grand canyon, but we just never got that far.
earl said that if you stand right at the edge just when the sun comes up, it's like seeing the first sunrise in the whole world.
(paulie) 'there are things in life you put off, 'because you think you're gonna do them later.
'but the real thing ivy taught me 'is you gotta live like there may not be a later.
'most of 'em stunk, but the one about hiring a detective was good.
'i figured, for the right amount of green stuff, 'any detective worth his trench coat could find her.
'towards the end of the month, the pickings were always a little slim.
'i don't know if that's cos they spent it all or cos we stole it.'
'a couple of night flybys and i found the perfect target.
'we stopped by ruby's favorite restaurant for a burrito 'before the big heist.'
yeah, well, i have grant committees from the n.i.h. and the n.s.f.
some guy from the national geographic is talking about a special.
i have time to go over them with you right now.
i'll see someone gets you if any pedes cases come in.
- sorry to bother you but a woman came from dcfs, a miss neuman.
she said the case status had changed and she's taking josh back to his mother.
i want you to know i think this broadcast is inappropriate.
i assure you, as i did public affairs, you'll be referred to positively.
praise him for his blessing prompted by your prayers and offerings.
it is only by your faith that i will survive my ordeal.
look, i can't change what i am any more than you can.
whatever feelings i have for you are based on who you are not what i want you to be.
but i don't want to subject you to something you're not ready for.
you know, i've never met anybody that makes me laugh or blush, or whatever, the way you do.
"contact teams meeting an unknown life form or ulf must be prepared for severe psychological impact.
stress reaction of confronting such life has not been sufficiently studied and cannot be entirely predicted in advance.
you'll be going to a habitat in 1,000 feet of water.
a sub will take you to the habitat and you'll transfer aboard.
following this briefing, i'll take you to an onboard dive tank.
for the next 8 hours you'll train in deep-saturation dive techniques and emergency procedures.
however, there is a mini-sub that may be used as an emergency escape vehicle.
but there must be a ship at the surface to mate to for decompression.
whatever it is, it seems to be what this bird was designed to do.
go out into space and gather things like this up and bring it back.
they went to a lot of trouble and they didn't do it for nothing.
something put this thing out there to get picked up and brought back here.
if you've ever seen a pacific cyclone, what we call a tornado is a little fart.
so i suggest you go back to the dormitory and take a nap.
you need to lower your metabolism before we start the decompression.
you're leaving a time-traveling spacecraft at the bottom of the ocean?
we have plenty of food, oxygen and fresh water to sustain us until the storm is over and we reestablish contact with the surface.
but until that time, this mission is subject to emergency authority under my command.
the idea is, if something happens to us and we don't reset it the sub goes to the surface automatically.
if we're all dead, they at least have a partial record of what went wrong.
all we got to do now is plug in the numbers.
friends in the 8,000 years of recorded history, this is a first.
(barnes over speaker) edmunds must be up on the side of the habitat.
i'm not getting anything on sonar, but watch yourselves out there.
we can run a high-voltage current on the skin of the habitat.
but every time we try it, we start an electrical fire.
i knew him since he was 17 years old, and i let him go.
but i'd like to just deal with this at a later time.
and pretty soon there'll be no more entities left to play with and you'll be all alone again because you can't control yourself.
because with all your power, you don't have the power to stop, do you?
in fact, it's so real, it's not only real to harry, it's real to all of us.
and what i can't understand is that ever since he went in the sphere the sphere has a power that projects every subconscious thought harry has onto the computer.
what we're going to do is find something to put harry under.
we can put him in some kind of deep unconscious sleep.
we ought to figure out what we want to tell them.
killer jellyfish, squid, sea snakes and an alien being in the form of a giant totemic golden ball?
you know, the 3 of us are enlightened people, we're intelligent we even recycle our cans and bottles.
but when we got our shot, we manifested every mean distorting, vengeful, paranoid thought you could think of.
a sub will take you to the habitat and you'll transfer aboard.
at 1 ,ooo feet, your body will be pressurized for that depth.
whoever built this thing wanted us dead, we'd be dead already.
these guys offer a federal grant to study the effects of an alien invasion.
if you've ever seen a pacific cyclone, what we call a tornado is a little fart.
so i suggest you go back to the dormitory and take a nap.
you need to lower your metabolism before we start the decompression.
you're leaving a time-traveling spacecraft at the bottom of the ocean?
you guys are the human contact team for an unknown life form.
there is no unknown life form, so we pull out at o9oo.
this may look like a roadside diner, but in the meantime...
... myearswon'tpop and ifi pull this thing away from my neck...
we have plenty of food, oxygen and fresh water to sustain us until the storm is over and we reestablish contact with the surface.
but until that time, this mission is subject toemergencyauthority under my command.
every 1 2 hours we take the videos to the mini-sub and press the reset button.
the idea is, if something happens to us and we don't reset it...
when i was 5 years old i went out on a boat with my father.
he told me not to jump in the water, so of course i did and... .
we can run a high-voltage current on the skin of the habitat.
but every time we try it, we start an electrical fire.
in fact, it's so real, it's not only real to harry, it's real to all of us.
and what i can't understand is that ever since he went in the sphere...
i don't know about you, but i don't feel like dying down here.
what we're going to do is find something to put harry under.
like we never got here alive to tell them about it.
you said we wouldn't survive. lf you can't change the future, we'd be dead.
stress reaction of confronting such life has not been sufficiently studied and cannot be entirely predicted in advance.
but the most likely consequence of contact is absolute terror. "
you'll be going to a habitat in 1,000 feet of water.
a sub will take you to the habitat and you'll transfer aboard.
following this briefing, i'll take you to an onboard dive tank.
for the next 8 hours you'll train in deep-saturation dive techniques and emergency procedures.
however, there is a mini-sub that may be used as an emergency escape vehicle.
but there must be a ship at the surface to mate to for decompression.
i think the people who built this place would call that "divide and conquer. "
whoever built this thing wanted us dead, we'd be dead already.
whatever it is, it seems to be what this bird was designed to do.
go out into space and gather things like this up and bring it back.
they went to a lot of trouble and they didn't do it for nothing.
something put this thing out there to get picked up and brought back here.
so i suggest you go back to the dormitory and take a nap.
you need to lower your metabolism before we start the decompression.
and when we get back, we're going to tell everyone how it's possible, how it's done, what the dangers are.
but why 50 years in the future, when the spacecraft encounters a black hole does the computer call it an "unknown entry event"?
we have plenty of food, oxygen and fresh water to sustain us until the storm is over and we reestablish contact with the surface.
but until that time, this mission is subject to emergency authority under my command.
every 12 hours we take the videos to the mini-sub and press the reset button.
the idea is, if something happens to us and we don't reset it the sub goes to the surface automatically.
i knew him since he was 17 years old, and i let him go.
but i'd like to just deal with this at a later time.
because he's done everything but part the sea for you since we've been here.
but i'm telling you that he is not telling you the truth.
harry is reading this book twenty thousand leagues under the sea.
what makes me nervous is that after page 87 it's all blank pages.
i don't know about you, but i don't feel like dying down here.
what we're going to do is find something to put harry under.
we ought to figure out what we want to tell them.
killer jellyfish, squid, sea snakes and an alien being in the form of a giant totemic golden ball?
you know, the 3 of us are enlightened people, we're intelligent we even recycle our cans and bottles.
but when we got our shot, we manifested every mean distorting, vengeful, paranoid thought you could think of.
i don't have any answers, norman, but these guys are coming so let's...
okay, we're going to agree to forget the sphere the power all that ever was.
a sub will take you to the habitat and you'll transfer aboard.
at 1 ,000 feet, your body will be pressurized for that depth.
whoever built this thing wanted us dead, we'd be dead already.
these guys offer a federal grant to study the effects of an alien invasion.
whatever it is, it seems to be what this bird was designed to do.
go out into space and gather things like this up and bring it back.
they went to a lot of trouble and they didn't do it for nothing.
something put this thing out there to get picked up and brought back here.
so i suggest you go back to the dormitory and take a nap.
you need to lower your metabolism before we start the decompression.
those who really want to kill themselves shoot themselves or go over a bridge.
they don't call their boyfriend and say, "l just took 20 nebutol.
in physics, if you haven't done it by 35, chances are you never will.
this doesn't have anything to do with your competitiveness with harry?
it looks like edmunds is up on the side of the habitat.
i'm not getting anything on sonar, but watch yourselves out there.
we can run a high-voltage current on the skin of the habitat.
but every time we try it, we start an electrical fire.
i knew him since he was 1 7 years old, and i let him go.
but i'd like to just deal with this at a later time.
i don't know about you, but i don't feel like dying down here.
what we're going to do is find something to put harry under.
i don't know where we are or what we're stuck in.
where we are is stuck in the illusion that we can change the future.
you'll be going to a habitat in 1,000 feet of water.
a sub will take you to the habitat and you'll transfer aboard.
following this briefing, i'll take you to an onboard dive tank.
for the next 8 hours you'll train in deep-saturation dive techniques and emergency procedures.
however, there is a mini-sub that may be used as an emergency escape vehicle.
but there must be a ship at the surface to mate to for decompression.
i think the people who built this place would call that "divide and conquer."
whoever built this thing wanted us dead, we'd be dead already.
whatever it is, it seems to be what this bird was designed to do.
go out into space and gather things like this up and bring it back.
they went to a lot of trouble and they didn't do it for nothing.
something put this thing out there to get picked up and brought back here.
so i suggest you go back to the dormitory and take a nap.
you need to lower your metabolism before we start the decompression.
and when we get back, we're going to tell everyone how it's possible, how it's done, what the dangers are.
but why 50 years in the future, when the spacecraft encounters a black hole does the computer call it an "unknown entry event"?
we have plenty of food, oxygen and fresh water to sustain us until the storm is over and we reestablish contact with the surface.
but until that time, this mission is subject to emergency authority under my command.
every 12 hours we take the videos to the mini-sub and press the reset button.
the idea is, if something happens to us and we don't reset it the sub goes to the surface automatically.
i knew him since he was 17 years old, and i let him go.
but i'd like to just deal with this at a later time.
in fact, it's so real, it's not only real to harry, it's real to all of us.
and what i can't understand is that ever since he went in the sphere the sphere has a power that projects every subconscious thought harry has onto the computer.
what we're going to do is find something to put harry under.
we can put him in some kind of deep unconscious sleep.
you know, the 3 of us are enlightened people, we're intelligent we even recycle our cans and bottles.
but when we got our shot, we manifested every mean distorting, vengeful, paranoid thought you could think of.
i don't have any answers, norman, but these guys are coming so let's...
okay, we're going to agree to forget the sphere the power all that ever was.
"contact teams meeting an unknown life form or ulf must be prepared for severe psychological impact.
stress reaction of confronting such life has not been sufficiently studied and cannot be entirely predicted in advance.
you'll be going to a habitat in 1,000 feet of water.
a sub will take you to the habitat and you'll transfer aboard.
following this briefing, i'll take you to an onboard dive tank.
for the next 8 hours you'll train in deep-saturation dive techniques and emergency procedures.
however, there is a mini-sub that may be used as an emergency escape vehicle.
but there must be a ship at the surface to mate to for decompression.
whatever it is, it seems to be what this bird was designed to do.
go out into space and gather things like this up and bring it back.
they went to a lot of trouble and they didn't do it for nothing.
something put this thing out there to get picked up and brought back here.
if you've ever seen a pacific cyclone, what we call a tornado is a little fart.
so i suggest you go back to the dormitory and take a nap.
you need to lower your metabolism before we start the decompression.
you're leaving a time-traveling spacecraft at the bottom of the ocean?
we have plenty of food, oxygen and fresh water to sustain us until the storm is over and we reestablish contact with the surface.
but until that time, this mission is subject to emergency authority under my command.
the idea is, if something happens to us and we don't reset it the sub goes to the surface automatically.
if we're all dead, they at least have a partial record of what went wrong.
all we got to do now is plug in the numbers.
friends in the 8,000 years of recorded history, this is a first.
(barnes over speaker) edmunds must be up on the side of the habitat.
i'm not getting anything on sonar, but watch yourselves out there.
we can run a high-voltage current on the skin of the habitat.
but every time we try it, we start an electrical fire.
i knew him since he was 17 years old, and i let him go.
but i'd like to just deal with this at a later time.
and pretty soon there'll be no more entities left to play with and you'll be all alone again because you can't control yourself.
because with all your power, you don't have the power to stop, do you?
in fact, it's so real, it's not only real to harry, it's real to all of us.
and what i can't understand is that ever since he went in the sphere the sphere has a power that projects every subconscious thought harry has onto the computer.
what we're going to do is find something to put harry under.
we can put him in some kind of deep unconscious sleep.
we ought to figure out what we want to tell them.
killer jellyfish, squid, sea snakes and an alien being in the form of a giant totemic golden ball?
you know, the 3 of us are enlightened people, we're intelligent we even recycle our cans and bottles.
but when we got our shot, we manifested every mean distorting, vengeful, paranoid thought you could think of.
(barnes over speaker) edmunds must be up on the side of the habitat.
i'm not getting anything on sonar, but watch yourselves out there.
we can run a high-voltage current on the skin of the habitat.
but every time we try it, we start an electrical fire.
i knew him since he was 17 years old, and i let him go.
but i'd like to just deal with this at a later time.
and pretty soon there'll be no more entities left to play with and you'll be all alone again because you can't control yourself.
because with all your power, you don't have the power to stop, do you?
in fact, it's so real, it's not only real to harry, it's real to all of us.
and what i can't understand is that ever since he went in the sphere the sphere has a power that projects every subconscious thought harry has onto the computer.
what we're going to do is find something to put harry under.
we can put him in some kind of deep unconscious sleep.
we ought to figure out what we want to tell them.
killer jellyfish, squid, sea snakes and an alien being in the form of a giant totemic golden ball?
you know, the 3 of us are enlightened people, we're intelligent we even recycle our cans and bottles.
but when we got our shot, we manifested every mean distorting, vengeful, paranoid thought you could think of.
you'll be going to a habitat in 1 ,000 feet of water.
a sub will take you to the habitat and you'll transfer aboard.
i think the people who built this place would call that "divide and conquer. "
whoever built this thing wanted us dead, we'd be dead already.
if you've ever seen a pacific cyclone, what we call a tornado is a little fart.
so i suggest you go back to the dormitory and take a nap.
you need to lower your metabolism before we start the decompression.
you're leaving a time-traveling spacecraft at the bottom of the ocean?
you guys are the human contact team for an unknown life form.
there is no unknown life form, so we pull out at 0900.
this may look like a roadside diner, but in the meantime...
... myearswon'tpop and ifi pull this thing away from my neck...
we have plenty of food, oxygen and fresh water to sustain us until the storm is over and we reestablish contact with the surface.
but until that time, this mission is subject toemergencyauthority under my command.
every 1 2 hours we take the videos to the mini-sub and press the reset button.
the idea is, if something happens to us and we don't reset it...
when i was 5 years old i went out on a boat with my father.
he told me not to jump in the water, so of course i did and... .
in fact, it's so real, it's not only real to harry, it's real to all of us.
and what i can't understand is that ever since he went in the sphere...
what we're going to do is find something to put harry under.
we can put him in some kind of deep unconscious sleep.
but in the spaceship they called it an unknown entry event.
like we never got here alive to tell them about it.
a sub will take you to the habitat and you'll transfer aboard.
at 1 ,000 feet, your body will be pressurized for that depth.
whoever built this thing wanted us dead, we'd be dead already.
these guys offer a federal grant to study the effects of an alien invasion.
if you've ever seen a pacific cyclone, what we call a tornado is a little fart.
so i suggest you go back to the dormitory and take a nap.
you need to lower your metabolism before we start the decompression.
you're leaving a time-traveling spacecraft at the bottom of the ocean?
you guys are the human contact team for an unknown life form.
there is no unknown life form, so we pull out at 0900.
this may look like a roadside diner, but in the meantime...
... myearswon'tpop and ifi pull this thing away from my neck...
those who really want to kill themselves shoot themselves or go over a bridge.
they don't call their boyfriend and say, ' ' l just took 20 nebutol.
in physics, if you haven't done it by 35, chances are you never will.
this doesn't have anything to do with your competitiveness with harry?
it looks like edmunds is up on the side of the habitat.
i'm not getting anything on sonar, but watch yourselves out there.
but every time we try it, we start an electrical fire.
peripheral sensor's activated. i'll try to image it on the fast-acting sonar.
in fact, it's so real, it's not only real to harry, it's real to all of us.
and what i can't understand is that ever since he went in the sphere...
i don't know about you, but i don't feel like dying down here.
what we're going to do is find something to put harry under.
i don't know where we are or what we're stuck in.
where we are is stuck in the illusion that we can change the future.
but in the spaceship they called it an unknown entry event.
like we never got here alive to tell them about it.
stress reaction of confronting such life has not been sufficiently studied and cannot be entirely predicted in advance.
but the most likely consequence of contact is absolute terror. "
you'll be going to a habitat in 1,000 feet of water.
a sub will take you to the habitat and you'll transfer aboard.
following this briefing, i'll take you to an onboard dive tank.
for the next 8 hours you'll train in deep-saturation dive techniques and emergency procedures.
however, there is a mini-sub that may be used as an emergency escape vehicle.
but there must be a ship at the surface to mate to for decompression.
i think the people who built this place would call that "divide and conquer. "
whoever built this thing wanted us dead, we'd be dead already.
whatever it is, it seems to be what this bird was designed to do.
go out into space and gather things like this up and bring it back.
they went to a lot of trouble and they didn't do it for nothing.
something put this thing out there to get picked up and brought back here.
so i suggest you go back to the dormitory and take a nap.
you need to lower your metabolism before we start the decompression.
and when we get back, we're going to tell everyone how it's possible, how it's done, what the dangers are.
but why 50 years in the future, when the spacecraft encounters a black hole does the computer call it an "unknown entry event"?
we have plenty of food, oxygen and fresh water to sustain us until the storm is over and we reestablish contact with the surface.
but until that time, this mission is subject to emergency authority under my command.
every 12 hours we take the videos to the mini-sub and press the reset button.
the idea is, if something happens to us and we don't reset it the sub goes to the surface automatically.
i knew him since he was 17 years old, and i let him go.
but i'd like to just deal with this at a later time.
because he's done everything but part the sea for you since we've been here.
but i'm telling you that he is not telling you the truth.
harry is reading this book twenty thousand leagues under the sea.
what makes me nervous is that after page 87 it's all blank pages.
i don't know about you, but i don't feel like dying down here.
what we're going to do is find something to put harry under.
we ought to figure out what we want to tell them.
killer jellyfish, squid, sea snakes and an alien being in the form of a giant totemic golden ball?
you know, the 3 of us are enlightened people, we're intelligent we even recycle our cans and bottles.
but when we got our shot, we manifested every mean distorting, vengeful, paranoid thought you could think of.
i don't have any answers, norman, but these guys are coming so let's...
okay, we're going to agree to forget the sphere the power all that ever was.
you'll be going to a habitat in 1 ,000 feet of water.
a sub will take you to the habitat and you'll transfer aboard.
i think the people who built this place would call that "divide and conquer. "
whoever built this thing wanted us dead, we'd be dead already.
if you've ever seen a pacific cyclone, what we call a tornado is a little fart.
so i suggest you go back to the dormitory and take a nap.
you need to lower your metabolism before we start the decompression.
you're leaving a time-traveling spacecraft at the bottom of the ocean?
you guys are the human contact team for an unknown life form.
there is no unknown life form, so we pull out at 0900.
this may look like a roadside diner, but in the meantime...
... myearswon'tpop and ifi pull this thing away from my neck...
we have plenty of food, oxygen and fresh water to sustain us until the storm is over and we reestablish contact with the surface.
but until that time, this mission is subject toemergencyauthority under my command.
every 1 2 hours we take the videos to the mini-sub and press the reset button.
the idea is, if something happens to us and we don't reset it...
when i was 5 years old i went out on a boat with my father.
he told me not to jump in the water, so of course i did and... .
in fact, it's so real, it's not only real to harry, it's real to all of us.
and what i can't understand is that ever since he went in the sphere...
what we're going to do is find something to put harry under.
we can put him in some kind of deep unconscious sleep.
but in the spaceship they called it an unknown entry event.
like we never got here alive to tell them about it.
you are the contact team that was recommended in the goodman report.
we have a biochemist to assess the physiology of the unknown life form.
a sub will take you to the habitat and you'll transfer aboard.
at 1,000 feet, your body will be pressurized for that depth.
for the next 8 hours you'll train in deep-saturation dive techniques and emergency procedures.
once you've gone down 1,000 feet if you surface, you'll have to commit to several days of decompression.
so i suggest you go back to the dormitory and take a nap.
you need to lower your metabolism before we start the decompression.
you guys are the human contact team for an unknown life form.
there is no unknown life form, so we pull out at 0900.
and when we get back, we're going to tell everyone how it's possible, how it's done, what the dangers are.
but why 50 years in the future, when the spacecraft encounters a black hole does the computer call it an "unknown entry event"?
every 12 hours we take the videos to the mini-sub and press the reset button.
the idea is, if something happens to us and we don't reset it the sub goes to the surface automatically.
when i was 5 years old i went out on a boat with my father.
he told me not to jump in the water, so of course i did and...
those who really want to kill themselves shoot themselves or go over a bridge.
they don't call their boyfriend and say, "i took 20 nembutal, help me."
i've written one "fun with dick and jane" book on physics.
i mean, niels bohr he published "the quantum theory of atomic structure" at 28.
harry is reading this book twenty thousand leagues under the sea.
what makes me nervous is that after page 87 it's all blank pages.
i don't have any answers, norman, but these guys are coming so let's...
okay, we're going to agree to forget the sphere the power all that ever was.
a sub will take you to the habitat and you'll transfer aboard.
at 1 ,000 feet, your body will be pressurized for that depth.
whoever built this thing wanted us dead, we'd be dead already.
these guys offer a federal grant to study the effects of an alien invasion.
whatever it is, it seems to be what this bird was designed to do.
go out into space and gather things like this up and bring it back.
they went to a lot of trouble and they didn't do it for nothing.
something put this thing out there to get picked up and brought back here.
so i suggest you go back to the dormitory and take a nap.
you need to lower your metabolism before we start the decompression.
we have plenty of food, oxygen and fresh water to sustain us until the storm is over and we reestablish contact with the surface.
but until that time, this mission is subject toemergencyauthority under my command.
every 1 2 hours we take the videos to the mini-sub and press the reset button.
the idea is, if something happens to us and we don't reset it...
when i was 5 years old i went out on a boat with my father.
he told me not to jump in the water, so of course i did and... .
i knew him since he was 1 7 years old, and i let him go.
but i'd like to just deal with this at a later time.
i don't know about you, but i don't feel like dying down here.
what we're going to do is find something to put harry under.
i don't know where we are or what we're stuck in.
where we are is stuck in the illusion that we can change the future.
it seems to be what this bird was designed to do.
go out into space and gather things like this up and bring it back.
they went to a lot of trouble and they didn't do it for nothing.
something put this thing out there to get picked up and brought back here.
you need to lower your metabolism before we start the decompression.
you're leaving a time-traveling spacecraft at the bottom of the ocean?
what we're going to do is find something to put harry under.
we can put him in some kind of deep unconscious sleep.
but in the spaceship they called it an unknown entry event.
like we never got here alive to tell them about it.
you are the contact team that was recommended in the goodman report.
we have a biochemist to assess the physiology of the unknown life form.
"contact teams meeting an unknown life form or ulf must be prepared for severe psychological impact.
stress reaction of confronting such life has not been sufficiently studied and cannot be entirely predicted in advance.
you'll be going to a habitat in 1 ,000 feet of water.
a sub will take you to the habitat and you'll transfer aboard.
following this briefing, i'll take you to an onboard dive tank.
for the next 8 hours you'll train in deep-saturation dive techniques and emergency procedures.
however, there is a mini-sub that may be used as an emergency escape vehicle.
but there must be a ship at the surface to mate to for decompression.
i think the people who built this place would call that "divide and conquer."
whoever built this thing wanted us dead, we'd be dead already.
so i suggest you go back to the dormitory and take a nap.
you need to lower your metabolism before we start the decompression.
the idea is, if something happens to us and we don't reset it the sub goes to the surface automatically.
if we're all dead, they at least have a partial record of what went wrong.
when i was 5 years old i went out on a boat with my father.
he told me not to jump in the water, so of course i did and....
those who really want to kill themselves shoot themselves or go over a bridge.
they don't call their boyfriend and say, "l just took 20 nebutol.
i've written one "fun with dick and jane" book on physics.
i mean, niels bohr he published "the quantum theory of atomic structure" at 28.
in physics, if you haven't done it by 35, chances are you never will.
this doesn't have anything to do with your competitiveness with harry?
all we got to do now is plug in the numbers.
friends in the 8,000 years of recorded history, this is a first.
i will admit the message is childlike, but actually it's quite perfect.
it's short, to the point, non-threatening kind of the way you talk to a small child or a dog.
it looks like edmunds is up on the side of the habitat.
i'm not getting anything on sonar, but watch yourselves out there.
but every time we try it, we start an electrical fire.
peripheral sensor's activated. i'll try to image it on the fast-acting sonar.
and pretty soon there'll be no more entities left to play with and you'll be all alone again because you can't control yourself.
because with all your power, you don't have the power to stop, do you?
in fact, it's so real, it's not only real to harry, it's real to all of us.
and what i can't understand is that ever since he went in the sphere the sphere has a power that projects every subconscious thought harry has onto the computer.
i don't know about you, but i don't feel like dying down here.
what we're going to do is find something to put harry under.
i don't know where we are or what we're stuck in.
where we are is stuck in the illusion that we can change the future.
but in the spaceship they called it an unknown entry event.
like we never got here alive to tell them about it.
you know, the 3 of us are enlightened people, we're intelligent we even recycle our cans and bottles.
but when we got our shot, we manifested every mean distorting, vengeful, paranoid thought you could think of.
i don't have any answers, norman, but these guys are coming so let's....
okay, we're going to agree to forget the sphere the power all that ever was.
stress reaction of confronting such life has not been sufficiently studied and cannot be entirely predicted in advance.
but the most likely consequence of contact is absolute terror. "
you'll be going to a habitat in 1,000 feet of water.
a sub will take you to the habitat and you'll transfer aboard.
following this briefing, i'll take you to an onboard dive tank.
for the next 8 hours you'll train in deep-saturation dive techniques and emergency procedures.
however, there is a mini-sub that may be used as an emergency escape vehicle.
but there must be a ship at the surface to mate to for decompression.
i think the people who built this place would call that "divide and conquer. "
whoever built this thing wanted us dead, we'd be dead already.
whatever it is, it seems to be what this bird was designed to do.
go out into space and gather things like this up and bring it back.
they went to a lot of trouble and they didn't do it for nothing.
something put this thing out there to get picked up and brought back here.
so i suggest you go back to the dormitory and take a nap.
you need to lower your metabolism before we start the decompression.
and when we get back, we're going to tell everyone how it's possible, how it's done, what the dangers are.
but why 50 years in the future, when the spacecraft encounters a black hole does the computer call it an "unknown entry event"?
we have plenty of food, oxygen and fresh water to sustain us until the storm is over and we reestablish contact with the surface.
but until that time, this mission is subject to emergency authority under my command.
every 12 hours we take the videos to the mini-sub and press the reset button.
the idea is, if something happens to us and we don't reset it the sub goes to the surface automatically.
i knew him since he was 17 years old, and i let him go.
but i'd like to just deal with this at a later time.
because he's done everything but part the sea for you since we've been here.
but i'm telling you that he is not telling you the truth.
harry is reading this book twenty thousand leagues under the sea.
what makes me nervous is that after page 87 it's all blank pages.
i don't know about you, but i don't feel like dying down here.
what we're going to do is find something to put harry under.
we ought to figure out what we want to tell them.
killer jellyfish, squid, sea snakes and an alien being in the form of a giant totemic golden ball?
you know, the 3 of us are enlightened people, we're intelligent we even recycle our cans and bottles.
but when we got our shot, we manifested every mean distorting, vengeful, paranoid thought you could think of.
i don't have any answers, norman, but these guys are coming so let's...
okay, we're going to agree to forget the sphere the power all that ever was.
a sub will take you to the habitat and you'ii transfer aboard.
at 1 ,000 feet, your body will be pressurized for that depth.
whoever built this thing wanted us dead, we'd be dead already.
these guys offer a federal grant to study the effects of an alien invasion.
whatever it is, it seems to be what this bird was designed to do.
go out into space and gather things like this up and bring it back.
they went to a iot of trouble and they didn't do it for nothing.
something put this thing out there to get picked up and brought back here.
so i suggest you go back to the dormitory and take a nap.
you need to lower your metabolism before we start the decompression.
we have plenty of food, oxygen and fresh water to sustain us until the storm is over and we reestablish contact with the surface.
but until that time, this mission is subject toemergencyauthority under my command.
every 1 2 hours we take the videos to the mini-sub and press the reset button.
the idea is, if something happens to us and we don't reset it...
when i was 5 years old i went out on a boat with my father.
he told me not to jump in the water, so of course i did and... .
i don't know about you, but i don't feel like dying down here.
what we're going to do is find something to put harry under.
i don't know where we are or what we're stuck in.
where we are is stuck in the illusion that we can change the future.
you are the contact team that was recommended in the goodman report.
we have a biochemist to assess the physiology of the unknown life form.
"contact teams meeting an unknown life form or ulf must be prepared for severe psychological impact.
stress reaction of confronting such life has not been sufficiently studied and cannot be entirely predicted in advance.
a sub will take you to the habitat and you'll transfer aboard.
at 1,ooo feet, your body will be pressurized for that depth.
for the next 8 hours you'll train in deep-saturation dive techniques and emergency procedures.
once you've gone down 1,ooo feet if you surface, you'll have to commit to several days of decompression.
can you get the suction cup flat to theplane ofthe door.?
can you get the suction cup flat to theplane ofthe door.?
i think the people who built this place would call that "divide and conquer."
whoever built this thing wanted us dead, we'd be dead already.
whoever built this thing wanted us dead, we'd be dead already.
these guys offer a federal grant to study the effects of an alien invasion.
so i suggest you go back to the dormitory and take a nap.
you need to lower your metabolism before we start the decompression.
every 12 hours we take the videos to the mini-sub and press the reset button.
the idea is, if something happens to us and we don't reset it the sub goes to the surface automatically.
when i was 5 years old i went out on a boat with my father.
he told me not to jump in the water, so of course i did and....
i've written one "fun with dick and jane" book on physics.
i mean, niels bohr he published "the quantum theory of atomic structure" at 28.
in physics, if you haven't done it by 35, chances are you never will.
this doesn't have anything to do with your competitiveness with harry?
we can run a high-voltage current on the skin of the habitat.
but every time we try it, we start an electrical fire.
get up there. i'll meet you with gas masks, in case we need them .
get up there. i'll meet you with gas masks, in case we need them .
i knew him since he was 1 7 years old, and i let him go.
but i'd like to just deal with this at a later time.
in fact, it's so real, it's not only real to harry, it's real to all of us.
and what i can't understand is that ever since he went in the sphere...
i don't know about you, but i don't feel like dying down here.
what we' re going to do is find something to put harry under.
but in the spaceship they called it an unknown entry event.
like we never got here alive to tell them about it.
this is the greatest discovery in the history of mankind .
we' re just going to white it out like it's a typing error?
that's an extraordinary gift, but we' re so primitive we... .
we manifested the worst in us, because what we have inside us...
i don't mind telling you, this thing scares the hell out of me.
it's probably already too late you might, put me on a helicopter and send me back, because whatever damage is done to the survivors is already done.
you are the human contact team that was recommended in the goodman report.
we have a biochemist, to assess the physiology of the unknown life form.
we have a mathematician, because that'll probably be our common language.
and we have an astrophysicist to locate its place in the cosmos.
the new administration, they wanted to prove to the public they're doing something new.
how'd you come up with this team, of a biologist, an astrophysicist and a mathematician?
a sub will take you to the habitat and you'll transfer aboard.
once you're at 1,000 feet, your body will be pressurized for that depth.
you could actually hold your breath and take a short dip, because the pressure wouldn't bother you.
although i wouldn't recommend it, because the water is so cold, you'd suffer hypothermia and you'd freeze to death in less than 2 minutes.
now directly following this briefing, i'll take you to an on board dive tank.
well, for the next 8 hours, you'll train in deep-saturation dive techniques and emergency procedures.
however, there is a mini-sub, that may be used as an emergency escape vehicle.
but there must be a ship at the surface to mate to for decompression.
there's a hell of a lot of radiation shielding in here.
huge grids of catwalks and plumbing... and a lot of steam.
whoever built this thing wanted us dead, we'd be dead already.
these guys offer a federal grant to study the effects of an alien invasion.
no nobody built this thing looking into their third eye beth.
they went to a lot of trouble and they didn't do it for nothing.
if you've ever seen a pacific cyclone, what we call a tornado is a little fart.
so i suggest you go back to the dormitory and take a nap.
you need to lower your metabolism before we start the decompression.
you're just gonna leave a time-traveling spacecraft at the bottom of the coean?
you guys are the human contact team for an unknown life form.
there is no unknown life form, so we pull out at 0900.
i am not going to lose a civilian on my watch.
so you have just screwed up our trip to the surface.
the idea is, if something happens to us and we don't reset it, the sub goes to the surface automatically.
if we're all dead, they at least have a partial record of what went wrong.
i used to teach at uc san diego years ago, she came for her master's.
well, don't take this personally, but i assume she wasn't a romantic interest of yours.
all we got to do now is plug in the numbers.
friends, in the 8,000 years of recorded history, this is a first.
i can't see very clearly but looks like edmunds is up on the side of the habitat.
i'm not getting anything on sonar, but watch yourselves out there.
and pretty soon there'll be no more entities left, to play wit and you'll be all alone again because... because you can't control yourself.
because with all your power, you don't have the power to stop, do you jerry?
is it unrealistic to think that at this point, you are a danger to yourself, you are a danger to all of us, because of your anger toward me, which happened whatever was,
10 or 15 years ago, which is so distorted in your head!
ok, because he's done everything but part the sea for you since we've been here, ok.
but i'm telling you... that he is not... telling you the truth.
in fact, it's so real, it's not only real to harry, it's real to all of us.
and what i can't understand is that ever since he went in the sphere, the sphere has some kind of power, that projects every subconscious thought harry has onto the computer.
what we're going to do is find something to put harry under.
we can put him in some kind of deep unconscious sleep.
it's that the same thing that we used to inject to harry.
we gave harry this stuff because he was manifesting and we wanted to...
i don't know where we are, i don't know we're stuck in.
where we are is stuck in the illusion that we can change the future.
we ought to figure out what we want to tell them.
killer jellyfish, squid, sea snakes, and an alien being in the form of a giant totemic golden ball?
but in the spaceship they called it an unknown entry event.
an unknown, like we never got here alive, to tell them about it.
like, you know, the 3 of us are 3 enlightened people, we're intelligent, we even recycle our cans and bottles.
but when we got our shot, we manifested every mean, distorting, vengeful, paranoid thought you could think of.
you'ii be going to a habitat in 1 ,000 feet of water.
a sub will take you to the habitat and you'ii transfer aboard.
i think the people who built this place would call that "divide and conquer. "
whoever built this thing wanted us dead, we'd be dead already.
if you've ever seen a pacific cyclone, what we call a tornado is a little fart.
so i suggest you go back to the dormitory and take a nap.
you need to lower your metabolism before we start the decompression.
you're leaving a time-traveiing spacecraft at the bottom of the ocean?
you guys are the human contact team for an unknown life form.
there is no unknown life form, so we pull out at 0900.
this may look like a roadside diner, but in the meantime...
... myearswon'tpop and ifi pull this thing away from my neck...
those who really want to kill themselves shoot themselves or go over a bridge.
they don't call their boyfriend and say, "i just took 20 nebutoi.
in physics, if you haven't done it by 35, chances are you never will.
this doesn't have anything to do with your competitiveness with harry?
and go out into the real world and sell chemicals, which i hate;
while you two knuckleheads get to play golf...which i also hate
ten years from now -- when you're fat, and alone, and you have to wear a baseball cap at club med to hide your hair transplants; remember
-- you had a good thing here and you blew it
i'm sorry to intrude, but i'm trying to find the whereabouts of a woman from germany.
mr. stiles at the registry office said you might be able to help me.
they want me to give up, to take my life, stop my veto, make my share available.
somebody planted this thing to upset you in the hope of driving you away?
he has a flag, armbands, costume, tape recordings in his room.
if he had lived under that regime, he would not be so fascinated.
i hope whoever arranged this nasty charade is thoroughly ashamed of themselves.
it is unworthy, and if it's a joke, it's a singularly unfunny one.
it's just, there are things about me that are not all they seem.
i'm afraid i haven't made much progress with your accounts, margaret, but, you see, a case has broken wide open, a criminal case, and mrs. wainthropp couldn't proceed without me acting for her here.
i called this meeting because a series of peculiar incidents have occurred.
there is no need to wrap this up in fine words.
i asked her to help, to stop people practicing their cruelty on me.
hansi, she's an ordinary woman who got lucky on the lottery.
most cases come down to greed in the end for money or for power.
today i asked my brother-in-law to check details of requests for planning permission from the local authority...
hansi would never have agreed to any development, and so, he had to be persuaded to leave coverdale hall.
a series of nasty tricks were played on him, culminating in that nuremberg rally in the middle of last night.
alice, hansi himself, and someone who nipped downstairs, out of sight, only to reappear once the fun had started.
the same person had access to all our rooms and could have collected all that nazi rubbish in a jiffy.
you don't take the two 'i's from lollipop, not that there are two to begin with.
you take an 'i' and a 'p' and you're left with lollop.
not that i'm looking for plaudits, but having you disappointed in me, now that hurts.
i'm sorry, alistair, but you sell the house next door and all you bother to do is find out the buyers' names.
i'm meeting a bishop who's written an anti-bullfighting book called locking horns with the devil.
not the niftiest of titles, i agree, but with a bishop and a bullfighter on the cover, who knows?
i could see them on the plate, all brown and sizzling.
on my way back from the shop, i went off the idea.
i did not see the bottle of sauce in the cupboard,
i did fancy sausages for breakfast and what's the point of snooping around a house whose front door is closed?
and finally, i didn't even pass the house because, if you remember, the corner shop is in the other direction.
well, i suppose i would like you to be a little bit curious.
after all, we do live in an approximation of a democracy.
i can't think we'll have much to do with them anyway.
not that i'm looking for plaudits, but having you disappointed in me, now that hurts.
i'm sorry, alistair, but you sell the house next door and all you bother to do is find out the buyers' names.
i'm meeting a bishop who's written an anti-bullfighting book called locking horns with the devil.
not the niftiest of titles, i agree, but with a bishop and a bullfighter on the cover, who knows?
sausages you never intended to eat, sauce that we already had.
wasn't it really an excuse to get out and have a snoop around?
i did fancy sausages for breakfast and what's the point of snooping around a house whose front door is closed?
and finally, i didn't even pass the house because, if you remember, the corner shop is in the other direction.
i thought we were getting paid to protect the town not escort some damn prisoner.
i ought to be sparking and snuggling with blossom call this morning instead of sucking dust.
other side of it is, you ain't losing another pair of boots.
well, blossom's fella, he does show up when you least expect it.
to see a woman like you step out of a prison wagon....
l gotta tell you, ma'am, i feel like i been struck by the sun, ma'am.
we want it to be a safe place to raise a child but we're not quite there yet.
i don't want you to think that i'm not grateful for your support.
i'm planning to open an emporium where the saddle shop was.
i was hoping to make the announcement soon by placing a notice in your newspaper.
i still know how to grease the right palms when need be.
-morgan, please- l've been keeping my eye on this bank over here, waiting for you to get out.
i'm considering the deposit of a significant sum to your institution.
however, i have the natural businessman's concerns in these days of lawlessness.
and like her father before her, terry is a virtuoso with a safe.
now, this fellow you shot over here was a friend of mrs. greer's.
anyway this woman was so beautiful that she was chosen by five different gods to bear them their sons.
one day, they would grow up to be great warriors who would cleanse the earth of all that was evil.
i don't suppose you put together any kind of missing inventory list?
uh, we're just a records office really... and none of the physical archives are missing.
i say keep him restrained... and place him in a max security section.
[goetz] there's a tormented boy inside, but i don't think he's dangerous.
[jarod] i've narrowed your brother's identity down to these two files.
one of these files belong to him... and the other to a boy named bobby.
did you just spend two hours dressing up to go the door for one minute and dump your date?
daria, if you look your best when you blow a guy off, it makes them feel like you care.
mom, dad, making you happy is the greatest reward i can ask for.
of course, when other kids get a good grade, they sometimes get like a little present.
and quinn should have a special one-time reward for her one-time effort!
but what about a higher reward for maintaining a standard of excellence over time?
for the school is my prison, and its teachers my imprisoners."
i'll bet you didn't even know that the word "imprisoners" existed.
yes, but just think of all the new friends you'll make in chess club.
maybe i can steal all the newspapers before anyone else reads them.
you change your name, move to another state, get some id.
it's not too late to start over, daria, it's not too late!
what i meant was, you hang in there and everything's going to work out
dad, talking to you has made me feel better about myself.
* you know, we're goin' to surf city, gonna have some fun
* you know, we're goin' to surf city 'cause it's two to one
call it a quest, call it a dream, but if i can be part of, adjacent to or even hear about two women frolicking in the secret garden, then i will not have lived my life in vain.
well, that's all very fine and dandy, but despite her fondness for birkenstocks,
well, thanks for the dig, but if you could just stampy-stampy.
sir, only the holder of a passport can have it renewed.
* you know, we're goin' to surf city, gonna have some fun
* you know, we're goin' to surf city 'cause it's two to one
his younger brother mike i've tried to protect as he's grown.
the tall man wants to transform him into one of his kind.
on his own, mike fled into the wastelands, trying to escape the transformation that was taking place inside him.
his only hope was to somehow uncover the mysteries of the tall man.
you know, you really shouldn't dismiss the tall man as just some ghost story.
if you've seen some of the stuff i've seen, you wouldn't be able to deny the evidence that's right in front of your... face.
lady, i may not be the sharpest knife in the drawer but i can tell you this, that old bastard's going down.
i don't give a damn what fucking planet or dimension he's from.
dear reggie, today i was able to conjure one of his dimensional forks and discovered something astonishing.
in another time, i believe i met him before he turned evil.
but the more he put in the grave, the more questions he had.
he came to the conclusion that the answers were before him.
hidden in subjects as simple as shifting phases, vibration, warmth and cold.
it became his life's work, his passion... to learn the craft, find the rift... and make his way through that passage.
his younger brother mike i've tried to protect as he's grown.
the tall man wants to transform him into one of his kind.
on his own, mike fled into the wastelands, trying to escape the transformation that was taking place inside him.
his only hope was to somehow uncover the mysteries of the tall man.
now, i've got a couple of sleeping bags in the trunk and we can just camp out here till dawn.
at least it'll get us in out of the weather, ok?
but the more he put in the grave, the more questions he had.
he came to the conclusion that the answers were before him.
hidden in subjects as simple as shifting phases, vibration, warmth and cold.
it became his life's work, his passion... to learn the craft, find the rift... and make his way through that passage.
his younger brother mike i've tried to protect as he's grown.
the tall man wants to transform him into one of his kind.
on his own, mike fled into the wastelands, trying to escape the transformation that was taking place inside him.
his only hope was to somehow uncover the mysteries of the tall man.
now, i've got a couple of sleeping bags in the trunk and we can just camp out here till dawn.
at least it'll get us in out of the weather, ok?
dear reggie, today i was able to conjure one of his dimensional forks and discovered something astonishing.
in another time, i believe i met him before he turned evil.
as undertaker, he bore witness to the stark passage from life to death.
but the more he put in the grave, the more questions he had.
he came to the conclusion that the answers were before him.
hidden in subjects as simple as shifting phases, vibration, warmth and cold.
/jody was taken from us, turned by /the tall man into an alien form.
/his younger brother mike /i've tried to protect as he's grown.
/his only hope was to somehow uncover /the mysteries of the tall man.
/as for me, i was left deep in the catacombs /of the tall man's lair.
let me release you from this imperfect flesh that ties you to time and space.
all that is unknown will be known to you once more.
now, i've got a couple of sleeping bags in the trunk and we can just camp out here till dawn.
at least it'll get us in out of the weather, ok?
/but the more he put in the grave, /the more questions he had.
/he came to the conclusion /that the answers were before him.
his younger brother mike, i've tried to protect as he's grown.
the tall man wants to transform him into one of his kind.
on his own, mike fled into the wastelands trying to escape the transformation that was taking place inside him.
his only hope was to somehow uncover the mysteries of the tall man.
now, i've got a couple of sleeping bags in the trunk and we can just camp out here till dawn.
at least it'll get us in out of the wind, okay?
you know, you really shouldn't dismiss the tall man as just some ghost story.
if you've seen some of the stuff i've seen you wouldn't be able to deny the evidence that's right in front of your... face.
lady, i may not be the sharpest knife in the drawer but i can tell you this that old bastard's going down.
i don't give a damn what fucking planet or dimension he's from.
dear reggie today i was able to conjure one of his dimensional forks ...and discovered something astonishing.
in another time, i believe i met him before he turned evil.
but the more he put in the grave, the more questions he had.
he came to the conclusion that the answers were before him.
hidden in subjects as simple as shifting phases vibration, warmth and cold.
it became his life's work, his passion to learn the craft, find the rift and make his way through that passage.
jody was taken from us, turned by the tall man into an alien form.
his younger brother mike i've tried to protect as he's grown.
i'm a soldier... a soldier in a war against his army of the living dead.
on his own, mike fled into the wastelands, trying to escape the transformation that was taking place inside him.
his only hope was to somehow uncover the mysteries of the tall man.
as for me, i was left deep in the catacombs of the tall man's lair.
let me release you from this imperfect flesh that ties you to time and space.
all that is unknown will be known to you once more.
you know, you really shouldn't dismiss the tall man as just some ghost story.
if you've seen some of the stuff i've seen, you wouldn't be able to deny the evidence that's right in front of your... face.
lady, i may not be the sharpest knife in the drawer but i can tell you this, that old bastard's going down.
i don't give a damn what fucking planet or dimension he's from.
dear reggie, today i was able to conjure one of his dimensional forks and discovered something astonishing.
in another time, i believe i met him before he turned evil.
but the more he put in the grave, the more questions he had.
he came to the conclusion that the answers were before him.
hidden in subjects as simple as shifting phases, vibration, warmth and cold.
it became his life's work, his passion... to learn the craft, find the rift... and make his way through that passage.
jody was taken from us, turned by the tall man into an alien form.
his younger brother mike i've tried to protect as he's grown.
i'm a soldier... a soldier in a war against his army of the living dead.
on his own, mike fled into the wastelands, trying to escape the transformation that was taking place inside him.
his only hope was to somehow uncover the mysteries of the tall man.
as for me, i was left deep in the catacombs of the tall man's lair.
let me release you from this imperfect flesh that ties you to time and space.
all that is unknown will be known to you once more.
now, i've got a couple of sleeping bags in the trunk and we can just camp out here till dawn.
at least it'll get us in out of the weather, ok?
as undertaker, he bore witness to the stark passage from life to death.
but the more he put in the grave, the more questions he had.
he came to the conclusion that the answers were before him.
hidden in subjects as simple as shifting phases, vibration, warmth and cold.
jody was taken from us, turned by the tall man into an alien form.
his younger brother mike i've tried to protect as he's grown.
i'm a soldier... a soldier in a war against his army of the living dead.
on his own, mike fled into the wastelands, trying to escape the transformation that was taking place inside him.
his only hope was to somehow uncover the mysteries of the tall man.
as for me, i was left deep in the catacombs of the tall man's lair.
let me release you from this imperfect flesh that ties you to time and space.
all that is unknown will be known to you once more.
you know, you really shouldn't dismiss the tall man as just some ghost story.
if you've seen some of the stuff i've seen, you wouldn't be able to deny the evidence that's right in front of your... face.
lady, i may not be the sharpest knife in the drawer but i can tell you this, that old bastard's going down.
i don't give a damn what fucking planet or dimension he's from.
dear reggie, today i was able to conjure one of his dimensional forks and discovered something astonishing.
in another time, i believe i met him before he turned evil.
as undertaker, he bore witness to the stark passage from life to death.
but the more he put in the grave, the more questions he had.
he came to the conclusion that the answers were before him.
hidden in subjects as simple as shifting phases, vibration, warmth and cold.
jody was taken from us, turned by the tall man into an alien form.
his younger brother mike, i've tried to protect as he's grown.
i'm a soldier a soldier in a war against his army of the living dead.
on his own, mike fled into the wastelands trying to escape the transformation that was taking place inside him.
his only hope was to somehow uncover the mysteries of the tall man.
as for me, i was left deep in the catacombs of the tall man's lair.
let me release you from this imperfect flesh that ties you to time and space.
all that is unknown will be known to you once more.
as undertaker he bore witness to the stark passage from life to death.
but the more he put in the grave, the more questions he had.
he came to the conclusion that the answers were before him.
hidden in subjects as simple as shifting phases vibration, warmth and cold.
i ain't trying to take nothing away, just set things straight.
you did what you had to do and i appreciate it.
my dearest son johnny, there is so much i have to tell you.
i'm sorry i'm not well enough to come visit and talk with you in person.
i pray to him every day to shed his light on your heart, so that you will see his way.
remember to take care of your brother stevey, he needs you.
if we're going to do business, you'll have to make this a sweet deal.
that's real fucking good, lou, if this kid was ranked, he ain't.
i don't want to hear any bullshit about this "difficult" time.
i want him to do what i say, when i say.
the first time in his career the champion has been down!
a 3 punch combination, a double left then a right to the head.
but i been listening to you talk for the past month or so.
i was thinking maybe i could help you out with the situation with gloria.
other than the money matters, i wanted to talk about training.
now we do it my way, in the city, at the stables.
every day when you look at me you were sad and i see you upset, then it's like i couldn't do anything about it.
only thing i could do is tell you and then lose you.
i want him to do what i say, when i say.
what the fuck do i got, some nigger prima donna on my hands?
what is it you know about my daughter and i, what is it?
she's been living with johnny over at the stables that i work at, over on 37th street.
this gentleman went to the police and accused me of having a telephone relationship with a man called nasr bakhshi
the officer came to our house, i was eating with my sons, and asked me
all my love, all my compromises, he sees them as my duty and expects more
we have a telephone in our house but i don't have the right to answer it even if it rings 100 times
we've been together for about 5 years and couldn't have a child
this was due to my husband, so i've initiated a divorce
i know, but i didn't think it was right to use it
tell him, either he comes of his own accord or he'll be brought in
i told him, but he says he'll only come if you order it
show him the letter, tell him if he doesn't come he'll be arrested
this girl grew up in tehran, he in a small village
he's used to land and tractors, she had her own city world
once the contract is signed, the gift is the man's debt
a girl can demand and get it even before the marriage is consummated
now the management's changed and they say "why did you leave?"
i left my job to look after the children you had with your first wife
your honour, if you'd spent the night in the park would you come home freshly bathed, with clean underwear?
i get covered in dust if i sweep the floor, he comes home spotlessly clean
no woman does for her husband what i do to please him
when i get some money, i buy him nuts and sweets because i know he likes it when he watches tv
and if somebody says something to his wife he wants to tear that man apart
but a woman gets jealous too if someone looks at her man
the head teacher told me her father says "let her fail!"
if he comes to take the child from you, get a receipt
she's taken the girl to her new husband and told her to call him "daddy"!
if you have custody of a child, you must bring her up properly
she teaches her bad manners, she allows her to be fussy with food and to make life difficult for my new wife
why did the girl's grades suffer when she was with you?
she was asking me what she should do so that she wouldn't end up with the kind of rubbish men who come here
some time ago, she decided to marry a clerical student, a serious boy who knew how to live properly and correctly.
this isn't the first time you've caused a scene in my court
anyone who makes a scene in court gets 5 days' detention
but as regards the child, you can't say you won't give it up
if you refuse to hand it over and he files a complaint you'll be sentenced to imprisonment or a fine.
she came here early this morning, refusing to hand the child over
we'll see when she gets the final decision whether she's learned her lesson or not
all last night, i was talking to you and pleading with you, sir
i was asking you to give me one of them at least
for that one needs 8 grams of brain not a seer of almonds!
now rub this soap on my back and let me bathe in peace.
call him up and ask him to bring all his sharp shooters to our club.
in this war between me and him' one of us has to die.
this is my offiice not an arena where you can pick flights!
i kept telling him not to hit me on my face.
you'll check the id card of a man hanging for his life!
if you had caught one of the two' wouldn't the confusion be reduced?
jus hink son. someday if you're in rouble how will you defend yourself?
for ha one needs 8 grams of brain no a seer of almonds!
if your body was srong... y ou were a body builder like your dad
would manu and his men dare break ino our house and bea you?
like i think i've said six times, we have to use cds and tapes.
like i think i've said six times, we have to use cds and tapes.
i went by your room last night and you weren't there.
i went by your room last night and you weren't there.
so, i mean, this is just one version of how it could go, one scenario.
so, i mean, this is just one version of how it could go, one scenario.
ben shows up and we see each other from across the party
ben shows up and we see each other from across the party
ben shows up and we see each other from across the party and he comes over and we talk about mr olgoski's class, or something.
and he comes over and we talk about mr olgoski's class, or something.
until we're just exhausted and sweaty and ready to pass out.
until we're just exhausted and sweaty and ready to pass out.
and so we just sit on my bed and talk about everything.
and so we just sit on my bed and talk about everything.
i signed up for a language class, but they gave me...
i signed up for a language class, but they gave me...
he wrote the series of books i used in high school
he wrote the series of books i used in high school
because it's not like q comes after o, which at least q resembles.
because it's not like q comes after o, which at least q resembles.
and if you move q to where it belongs, at the end,
and if you move q to where it belongs, at the end,
and if you move q to where it belongs, at the end,
p would come right before r, which would be so sexy.
p would come right before r, which would be so sexy.
p would come right before r, which would be so sexy.
we're throwing a party on friday at kelvin, so i can't.
we're throwing a party on friday at kelvin, so i can't.
as i'm not at stanford, now i study under someone who,
as i'm not at stanford, now i study under someone who,
i ordered it from the publisher, but if i don't have it today,
i ordered it from the publisher, but if i don't have it today,
everyone who did not get a copy of the textbook, raise your hand.
everyone who did not get a copy of the textbook, raise your hand.
in the next class, i want you to bring in an object.
in the next class, i want you to bring in an object.
i'm gonna ask you to get up and describe the object physically.
i'm gonna ask you to get up and describe the object physically.
now, i applied for russian, a language, and they gave me drama by accident so i shouldn't even be here.
and they gave me drama by accident so i shouldn't even be here.
there's usually at least one drop, and i'm first on the waiting list.
there's usually at least one drop, and i'm first on the waiting list.
i'm just kinda spreading the word, so if you wanna go...
i'm just kinda spreading the word, so if you wanna go...
he said to me, "for the party, i'm gonna put plastic on my bed"'
he said to me, "for the party, i'm gonna put plastic on my bed"'
i think i'm just gonna tell felicity that ben keeps asking me out.
i think i'm just gonna tell felicity that ben keeps asking me out.
it's a programme from a play i did in 9th grade.
it's a programme from a play i did in 9th grade.
there are pictures of the cast, and a history of the author.
there are pictures of the cast, and a history of the author.
after it was over, the play, my brother gave me back his programme.
after it was over, the play, my brother gave me back his programme.
after it was over, the play, my brother gave me back his programme.
and, my brother, like, never talks about emotional stuff to me.
and, my brother, like, never talks about emotional stuff to me.
and, my brother, like, never talks about emotional stuff to me.
the top and bottom layers are white and soft with dark edges.
the top and bottom layers are white and soft with dark edges.
i used up my entire metrocard today going up to columbia, down to hunter, over to the strand, going up to columbia, down to hunter, over to the strand, going up to columbia, down to hunter, over to the strand,
up to shakespeare company, up to shakespeare company, up to shakespeare company,
just so that you know, i did go to the library
just so that you know, i did go to the library and photocopy the pages i need.
in fact, you and i are on such good terms, i have an idea.
in fact, you and i are on such good terms, i have an idea.
instead, write an essay on how ok you and i are.
instead, write an essay on how ok you and i are.
well, i'm sure, you know, that he or she doesn't hate you.
well, i'm sure, you know, that he or she doesn't hate you.
i can't get out of the class, so i'm about to go get an incomplete.
i can't get out of the class, so i'm about to go get an incomplete.
i have to bring in an object that's important to me.
i have to bring in an object that's important to me.
i think the most important thing to me isn't an object.
i think the most important thing to me isn't an object.
sally, i would only say this to you, so after you listen to this tape,
sally, i would only say this to you, so after you listen to this tape,
if you're laughing at me right now, i don't blame you.
if you're laughing at me right now, i don't blame you.
if you're laughing at me right now, i don't blame you.
but first, although a huge success with his exploration of the sandwich,
but first, although a huge success with his exploration of the sandwich,
but first, although a huge success with his exploration of the sandwich,
i think it gets even worse for my mom, who's so incredible.
i think it gets even worse for my mom, who's so incredible.
and i've seen these pictures of my parents, before they had me.
and i've seen these pictures of my parents, before they had me.
they look so happy, so i know it wasn't always like it is now.
they look so happy, so i know it wasn't always like it is now.
i'm here right now so my dad and i don't have to deal with each other.
i'm here right now so my dad and i don't have to deal with each other.
it's better for everyone, i really believe that, that i have these keys.
it's better for everyone, i really believe that, that i have these keys.
the way he talks, how he gets close, the way she laughs at his jokes.
the way he talks, how he gets close, the way she laughs at his jokes.
i have some stuff over there but i don't know if it's right.
i have some stuff over there but i don't know if it's right.
i just thought i'd get on line now and ask you to dance,
i just thought i'd get on line now and ask you to dance, well in advance of the party actually starting.
i bet you 20 bucks you never hear that word again.
i bet you 20 bucks you never hear that word again.
i keep getting this horrible feeling like i can't trust you.
i keep getting this horrible feeling like i can't trust you.
ben wanted to go out with me but i told him about this party
ben wanted to go out with me but i told him about this party because i knew you'd be here and it's what you'd want.
because i knew you'd be here and it's what you'd want.
because i knew you'd be here and it's what you'd want.
he calls me and he asks me out a lot, and every time i say no.
he calls me and he asks me out a lot, and every time i say no.
after you listen to this tape, you have to erase it,
after you listen to this tape, you have to erase it,
if you're laughing at me right now, i don 't blame you,
if you're laughing at me right now, i don't blame you,
i need to know what i did to make you hate me.
i need to know what i did to make you hate me.
twice as long as you've been alive, plus a few years.
twice as long as you've been alive, plus a few years.
the beauty is, you don't need to be ok with me
the beauty is, you don't need to be ok with me
i was only at the party for a little while, but...
i was only at the party for a little while, but...
i was only at the party for a little while, but...
i don't know, i think people had a pretty good time.
i don't know, i think people had a pretty good time.
i don't know, i think people had a pretty good time.
i'll take a chance again in the horrible face of expectation,
i'll take a chance again in the horrible face of expectation,
like i think i've said six times, we have to use cds and tapes.
like i think i've said six times, we have to use cds and tapes.
i went by your room last night and you weren't there.
i went by your room last night and you weren't there.
so, i mean, this is just one version of how it could go, one scenario.
so, i mean, this is just one version of how it could go, one scenario.
ben shows up and we see each other from across the party
ben shows up and we see each other from across the party
ben shows up and we see each other from across the party and he comes over and we talk about mr olgoski's class, or something.
and he comes over and we talk about mr olgoski's class, or something.
until we're just exhausted and sweaty and ready to pass out.
until we're just exhausted and sweaty and ready to pass out.
and so we just sit on my bed and talk about everything.
and so we just sit on my bed and talk about everything.
i signed up for a language class, but they gave me...
i signed up for a language class, but they gave me...
he wrote the series of books i used in high school
he wrote the series of books i used in high school
because it's not like q comes after o, which at least q resembles.
because it's not like q comes after o, which at least q resembles.
and if you move q to where it belongs, at the end,
and if you move q to where it belongs, at the end,
and if you move q to where it belongs, at the end,
p would come right before r, which would be so sexy.
p would come right before r, which would be so sexy.
p would come right before r, which would be so sexy.
we're throwing a party on friday at kelvin, so i can't.
we're throwing a party on friday at kelvin, so i can't.
as i'm not at stanford, now i study under someone who,
as i'm not at stanford, now i study under someone who,
i ordered it from the publisher, but if i don't have it today,
i ordered it from the publisher, but if i don't have it today,
everyone who did not get a copy of the textbook, raise your hand.
everyone who did not get a copy of the textbook, raise your hand.
in the next class, i want you to bring in an object.
in the next class, i want you to bring in an object.
i'm gonna ask you to get up and describe the object physically.
i'm gonna ask you to get up and describe the object physically.
now, i applied for russian, a language, and they gave me drama by accident so i shouldn't even be here.
and they gave me drama by accident so i shouldn't even be here.
there's usually at least one drop, and i'm first on the waiting list.
there's usually at least one drop, and i'm first on the waiting list.
i'm just kinda spreading the word, so if you wanna go...
i'm just kinda spreading the word, so if you wanna go...
he said to me, "for the party, i'm gonna put plastic on my bed"'
he said to me, "for the party, i'm gonna put plastic on my bed"'
i think i'm just gonna tell felicity that ben keeps asking me out.
i think i'm just gonna tell felicity that ben keeps asking me out.
it's a programme from a play i did in 9th grade.
it's a programme from a play i did in 9th grade.
there are pictures of the cast, and a history of the author.
there are pictures of the cast, and a history of the author.
after it was over, the play, my brother gave me back his programme.
after it was over, the play, my brother gave me back his programme.
after it was over, the play, my brother gave me back his programme.
and, my brother, like, never talks about emotional stuff to me.
and, my brother, like, never talks about emotional stuff to me.
and, my brother, like, never talks about emotional stuff to me.
the top and bottom layers are white and soft with dark edges.
the top and bottom layers are white and soft with dark edges.
i used up my entire metrocard today going up to columbia, down to hunter, over to the strand, going up to columbia, down to hunter, over to the strand, going up to columbia, down to hunter, over to the strand,
up to shakespeare company, up to shakespeare company, up to shakespeare company,
just so that you know, i did go to the library
just so that you know, i did go to the library and photocopy the pages i need.
in fact, you and i are on such good terms, i have an idea.
in fact, you and i are on such good terms, i have an idea.
instead, write an essay on how ok you and i are.
instead, write an essay on how ok you and i are.
well, i'm sure, you know, that he or she doesn't hate you.
well, i'm sure, you know, that he or she doesn't hate you.
i can't get out of the class, so i'm about to go get an incomplete.
i can't get out of the class, so i'm about to go get an incomplete.
i have to bring in an object that's important to me.
i have to bring in an object that's important to me.
i think the most important thing to me isn't an object.
i think the most important thing to me isn't an object.
sally, i would only say this to you, so after you listen to this tape,
sally, i would only say this to you, so after you listen to this tape,
if you're laughing at me right now, i don't blame you.
if you're laughing at me right now, i don't blame you.
if you're laughing at me right now, i don't blame you.
but first, although a huge success with his exploration of the sandwich,
but first, although a huge success with his exploration of the sandwich,
but first, although a huge success with his exploration of the sandwich,
i think it gets even worse for my mom, who's so incredible.
i think it gets even worse for my mom, who's so incredible.
and i've seen these pictures of my parents, before they had me.
and i've seen these pictures of my parents, before they had me.
they look so happy, so i know it wasn't always like it is now.
they look so happy, so i know it wasn't always like it is now.
i'm here right now so my dad and i don't have to deal with each other.
i'm here right now so my dad and i don't have to deal with each other.
it's better for everyone, i really believe that, that i have these keys.
it's better for everyone, i really believe that, that i have these keys.
the way he talks, how he gets close, the way she laughs at his jokes.
the way he talks, how he gets close, the way she laughs at his jokes.
i have some stuff over there but i don't know if it's right.
i have some stuff over there but i don't know if it's right.
i just thought i'd get on line now and ask you to dance,
i just thought i'd get on line now and ask you to dance, well in advance of the party actually starting.
i bet you 20 bucks you never hear that word again.
i bet you 20 bucks you never hear that word again.
i keep getting this horrible feeling like i can't trust you.
i keep getting this horrible feeling like i can't trust you.
ben wanted to go out with me but i told him about this party
ben wanted to go out with me but i told him about this party because i knew you'd be here and it's what you'd want.
because i knew you'd be here and it's what you'd want.
because i knew you'd be here and it's what you'd want.
he calls me and he asks me out a lot, and every time i say no.
he calls me and he asks me out a lot, and every time i say no.
after you listen to this tape, you have to erase it,
after you listen to this tape, you have to erase it,
if you're laughing at me right now, i don 't blame you,
if you're laughing at me right now, i don't blame you,
i need to know what i did to make you hate me.
i need to know what i did to make you hate me.
twice as long as you've been alive, plus a few years.
twice as long as you've been alive, plus a few years.
the beauty is, you don't need to be ok with me
the beauty is, you don't need to be ok with me
i was only at the party for a little while, but...
i was only at the party for a little while, but...
i was only at the party for a little while, but...
i don't know, i think people had a pretty good time.
i don't know, i think people had a pretty good time.
i don't know, i think people had a pretty good time.
i'll take a chance again in the horrible face of expectation,
i'll take a chance again in the horrible face of expectation,
for the last six months all of you have suffered devastating attacks on your shipping lines.
lives have been lost, ships and cargo destroyed at a cost of hundreds of millions of credits.
the cost in pain to those who lost family and friends in those attacks can never be measured.
shortly after these attacks started, we began an investigation to find out who was responsible.
now, in exchange for your patience and cooperation we gave you our word that as soon as we found conclusive evidence we would bring it before you and pursue it fully no matter where it led.
in a moment, we will show you proof that the centauri republic is responsible for these attacks.
we promised that the alliance would support any action that you, the member worlds decided should be taken against those responsible.
now that we know that it is the centauri that promise weighs heavily on us.
now, these shipyards use locally produced material to build a focusing lens a central part of any energy weapon.
the unique characteristics of this material can subtly alter the spectrum of light used in the beams making them individual to each world.
can you tell us a little bit about how you identify these unique differences these energy fingerprints?
well, we arranged to have one or two random bodies sent to us after each attack.
excessive light bleaches out the skin where it comes in contact with it.
it does the same to the rods and cones in the eyes used to sense light, dark, colors.
it takes a moment for these rods and cones to recover from these bright colors.
that's why you'll see a green dot when you blink after looking at a red light or a yellow dot after looking at a bright blue object.
it's always the exact opposite of the original spectrum and it is surprisingly precise.
because the subject dies within seconds of being hit by a high-energy weapon the rods and cones never recover.
all the bodies had explosive tissue burns consistent to centauri energy weapons.
our next statement is from mr. michael garibaldi head of intelligence for the alliance.
as dr. franklin mentioned earlier centauri weapons are designed to be used in an explosive, not slicing, mode.
analysis of debris confirms that the energy weapons were used in that way.
this came from an individual on the drazi homeworld who ambushed me and killed the only surviving witness to one of these attacks.
it has been identified as belonging to the uniform of the centauri palace guards.
i must also mention that my ambush was a direct result of a leak of information about my mission to the drazi homeworld.
this came shortly after ambassador mollari was informed of our plans at a briefing.
after my return, we decided to keep mollari out of the loop and since then, there have been no further leaks.
is it true that in the last three months only one centauri vessel has been attacked?
we found no cargo of any significance, and we did not find any bodies.
we can only conclude that it was put there to throw us off the track and make us think there was an attack against the centauri shipping lines.
i saw you concerned about the increase in preparations for war.
concerned that the information about the location and activities of your warships once available to you and other ministers, was suddenly classified.
so if you're not here to drop off your evidence, why are you here?
to tell you that they are ready to see you now.
after we left narn, many of our weapons and ships were left behind.
the narn government could use these resources to throw blame on us.
as part of the continuing investigation i was assigned to a white star, patrolling the border of centauri space.
during my assignment, i intercepted several coded signals of centauri origin.
the identification marks on those warships do not correspond with any records on file.
my fighter was attached to one of those warships when it jumped.
goods and supplies heading to or from centauri prime will be blocked at every jumpgate and transfer point in the alliance.
any centauri vessel entering or leaving will be stopped, boarded and turned back.
if something like this were going on, i would know about it.
besides, in 500 years the centauri republic has never attacked a civilian target.
but the narns have always been willing to sacrifice innocent lives as long as we get blamed for it.
clearly, they sent a signal they knew would lure lennier to a predetermined location then picked him up and ferried him around showing him what they wanted him to see knowing he would bring it back to babylon 5.
the republic does not recognize the legality of this blockade and thus will not be limited by it.
from now on all centauri transports entering into alliance space will be accompanied by one of our finest warships.
say what you want about him, and i can say quite a bit, he is relentless.
sooner or later, he will find out what's going on and i believe he will try to stop it.
it will give me someone to talk to during the flight.
londo once told me he hates it when people talk to him on long flights.
g'kar, realize that if this does come to war you will be alone on the centauri homeworld.
there is nothing we can do to help you if things go badly.
i tried to set right a few of the things at the beginning of the book written when i was a much angrier person than i am now.
if things should, as you say, go badly will you see to it that these reach narn?
but the thing about losing one eye is that it makes you look deeply into the eyes of another.
i found in yours all the thanks i will ever require in this life or in any other.
you have no idea what i go through here every day.
the hassles, the problems, the pressures, the things that people do to me.
the centauri have an ego about as big as the galactic core, but they're not stupid.
now, if they come out of hyperspace and see several drazi or brakiri warships waiting for them they'll open fire.
well, as soon as you know when they're going to jump into alliance space you let me know, and we'll get as many white stars as we can into the area.
we'll create a buffer zone between the two sides enforcing the blockade and turning the centauri around while making sure that our guys don't open fire first.
hey, i'm just trying to pull this situation back from the brink.
delenn is on the line to the grey council right now to see if the minbari government can talk some sense into them but i'm not holding out any hope.
i was hoping you'd return home, get out of the line of fire.
thank you, but i'd rather there wasn't a line of fire.
i would like to see the regent as soon as possible.
i'm afraid the regent is otherwise engaged and will be for some time.
but this one his kind killed over a hundred of our people and ran like the cowards they are.
if we can't take our revenge on them then we'll take it out on him.
all communication with babylon 5 has been cut off for reasons of security.
for similar reasons, i'm afraid we must place your companion under arrest.
you may have resigned but he is still on the advisory board of the alliance.
his very presence represents a threat to our ability to conduct the war freely without having our plans compromised.
we are all born as molecules in the hearts of a billion stars molecules that do not understand politics or policies or differences.
over a billion years we foolish molecules forget who we are and where we came from.
in desperate acts of ego we give ourselves names, fight over lines on maps and pretend that our light is better than everyone else's.
the flame reminds us of the piece of those stars that lives on inside us.
so it is with great difficulty and tremendous personal pain that we stand before you now.
for the last six months all of you have suffered devastating attacks on your shipping lines.
lives have been lost, ships and cargo destroyed at a cost of hundreds of millions of credits.
the cost in pain to those who lost family and friends in those attacks can never be measured.
shortly after these attacks started, we began an investigation to find out who was responsible.
now, in exchange for your patience and cooperation we gave you our word that as soon as we found conclusive evidence we would bring it before you and pursue it fully no matter where it led.
in a moment, we will show you proof that the centauri republic is responsible for these attacks.
we promised that the alliance would support any action that you, the member worlds decided should be taken against those responsible.
for instance most of your fleets are built on your homeworlds, for reasons of security.
now, these shipyards use locally produced material to build a focusing lens a central part of any energy weapon.
the unique characteristics of this material can subtly alter the spectrum of light used in the beams making them individual to each world.
can you tell us a little bit about how you identify these unique differences these energy fingerprints?
well, we arranged to have one or two random bodies sent to us after each attack.
a full autopsy was conducted on those bodies in order to determine what kind of weapons were used.
it does the same to the rods and cones in the eyes used to sense light, dark, colors.
it takes a moment for these rods and cones to recover from these bright colors.
that's why you'll see a green dot when you blink after looking at a red light or a yellow dot after looking at a bright blue object.
it's always the exact opposite of the original spectrum and it is surprisingly precise.
because the subject dies within seconds of being hit by a high-energy weapon the rods and cones never recover.
by analyzing them and the state of the bleached skin we can determine the frequency of spectrum used in the weapons.
in addition, the centauri use their weapons almost like projectiles exploding, rather than slicing or disrupting their targets.
all the bodies had explosive tissue burns consistent to centauri energy weapons.
our next statement is from mr. michael garibaldi head of intelligence for the alliance.
as dr. franklin mentioned earlier centauri weapons are designed to be used in an explosive, not slicing, mode.
analysis of debris confirms that the energy weapons were used in that way.
in addition, tactics used to ambush the cargo ships are consistent with centauri training maneuvers.
it has been identified as belonging to the uniform of the centauri palace guards.
i must also mention that my ambush was a direct result of a leak of information about my mission to the drazi homeworld.
this came shortly after ambassador mollari was informed of our plans at a briefing.
after my return, we decided to keep mollari out of the loop and since then, there have been no further leaks.
it was an aging cargo ship due to be scrapped and sold for parts.
we found no cargo of any significance, and we did not find any bodies.
still i suppose i should thank you for respecting my privacy.
so if you're not here to drop off your evidence, why are you here?
to tell you that they are ready to see you now.
i have had the opportunity to review the evidence that has been brought before you.
the narn government could use these resources to throw blame on us.
you could take this information and twist it to indict any one of you.
as far as i am concerned, there is nothing to refute.
and i have nothing more to say to any of you.
during my assignment, i intercepted several coded signals of centauri origin.
i took out a fighter, and i tracked the signal to its location.
my fighter was attached to one of those warships when it jumped.
this is what i encountered when we jumped back into normal space.
effective immediately we will isolate the centauri republic from the company of alliance worlds.
goods and supplies heading to or from centauri prime will be blocked at every jumpgate and transfer point in the alliance.
clearly, they sent a signal they knew would lure lennier to a predetermined location then picked him up and ferried him around showing him what they wanted him to see knowing he would bring it back to babylon 5.
because his character's above reproach he is the perfect vessel for their misinformation.
the centauri republic will not be threatened or intimidated by anyone including those we might once have considered friends.
as a result, effective immediately we are withdrawing from the alliance.
from now on all centauri transports entering into alliance space will be accompanied by one of our finest warships.
anyone firing on one of our ships will be considered committing an act of war and we will respond appropriately.
as for myself, i will be taking the first transport back to centauri prime for further consultations with my government concerning the situation.
londo the council is satisfied that your government is behind these attacks.
you said he needed a bodyguard the last time he went home, and you were right.
if our assumption is correct and he truly does not know that his government is behind these attacks if they deliberately kept him out of it...
which is why he may be in even greater danger once he returns home.
say what you want about him, and i can say quite a bit, he is relentless.
sooner or later, he will find out what's going on and i believe he will try to stop it.
in the long run, he may be our only hope of ending this.
you are the last person on this station to get self-righteous with anybody.
you had a lot of problems before you came here, and i know you had some problems after you got here but did i say anything to you about it?
because i knew you would work it out, and you always did.
you have no idea what i go through here every day.
michael, this may be our only chance to avoid a shooting war.
that's why it is so important you get that information to us as fast as you can so that we have time to get the white stars in position.
thank you, but i'd rather there wasn't a line of fire.
is that why you brought it along, to hear our terms?
we did all we could to keep track of the centauri.
apparently, one got past us, hit the blockade, fired on the drazi.
the regent sent me to tell you fighting has broken out between us and the interstellar alliance.
i'm also told that they have followed our declaration of hostilities with their own.
for similar reasons, i'm afraid we must place your companion under arrest.
you may have resigned but he is still on the advisory board of the alliance.
over a billion years we foolish molecules forget who we are and where we came from.
in desperate acts of ego we give ourselves names, fight over lines on maps and pretend that our light is better than everyone else's.
for the last six months all of you have suffered devastating attacks on your shipping lines.
lives have been lost, ships and cargo destroyed at a cost of hundreds of millions of credits.
the cost in pain to those who lost family and friends in those attacks can never be measured.
shortly after these attacks started, we began an investigation to find out who was responsible.
now, in exchange for your patience and cooperation we gave you our word that as soon as we found conclusive evidence we would bring it before you and pursue it fully no matter where it led.
in a moment, we will show you proof that the centauri republic is responsible for these attacks.
we promised that the alliance would support any action that you, the member worlds decided should be taken against those responsible.
now that we know that it is the centauri that promise weighs heavily on us.
now, these shipyards use locally produced material to build a focusing lens a central part of any energy weapon.
the unique characteristics of this material can subtly alter the spectrum of light used in the beams making them individual to each world.
can you tell us a little bit about how you identify these unique differences these energy fingerprints?
well, we arranged to have one or two random bodies sent to us after each attack.
excessive light bleaches out the skin where it comes in contact with it.
it does the same to the rods and cones in the eyes used to sense light, dark, colors.
it takes a moment for these rods and cones to recover from these bright colors.
that's why you'll see a green dot when you blink after looking at a red light or a yellow dot after looking at a bright blue object.
it's always the exact opposite of the original spectrum and it is surprisingly precise.
because the subject dies within seconds of being hit by a high-energy weapon the rods and cones never recover.
all the bodies had explosive tissue burns consistent to centauri energy weapons.
our next statement is from mr. michael garibaldi head of intelligence for the alliance.
as dr. franklin mentioned earlier centauri weapons are designed to be used in an explosive, not slicing, mode.
analysis of debris confirms that the energy weapons were used in that way.
this came from an individual on the drazi homeworld who ambushed me and killed the only surviving witness to one of these attacks.
it has been identified as belonging to the uniform of the centauri palace guards.
i must also mention that my ambush was a direct result of a leak of information about my mission to the drazi homeworld.
this came shortly after ambassador mollari was informed of our plans at a briefing.
after my return, we decided to keep mollari out of the loop and since then, there have been no further leaks.
is it true that in the last three months only one centauri vessel has been attacked?
we found no cargo of any significance, and we did not find any bodies.
we can only conclude that it was put there to throw us off the track and make us think there was an attack against the centauri shipping lines.
i saw you concerned about the increase in preparations for war.
concerned that the information about the location and activities of your warships once available to you and other ministers, was suddenly classified.
so if you're not here to drop off your evidence, why are you here?
to tell you that they are ready to see you now.
after we left narn, many of our weapons and ships were left behind.
the narn government could use these resources to throw blame on us.
as part of the continuing investigation i was assigned to a white star, patrolling the border of centauri space.
during my assignment, i intercepted several coded signals of centauri origin.
the identification marks on those warships do not correspond with any records on file.
my fighter was attached to one of those warships when it jumped.
goods and supplies heading to or from centauri prime will be blocked at every jumpgate and transfer point in the alliance.
any centauri vessel entering or leaving will be stopped, boarded and turned back.
if something like this were going on, i would know about it.
besides, in 500 years the centauri republic has never attacked a civilian target.
but the narns have always been willing to sacrifice innocent lives as long as we get blamed for it.
clearly, they sent a signal they knew would lure lennier to a predetermined location then picked him up and ferried him around showing him what they wanted him to see knowing he would bring it back to babylon 5.
the republic does not recognize the legality of this blockade and thus will not be limited by it.
from now on all centauri transports entering into alliance space will be accompanied by one of our finest warships.
say what you want about him, and i can say quite a bit, he is relentless.
sooner or later, he will find out what's going on and i believe he will try to stop it.
it will give me someone to talk to during the flight.
londo once told me he hates it when people talk to him on long flights.
g'kar, realize that if this does come to war you will be alone on the centauri homeworld.
there is nothing we can do to help you if things go badly.
i tried to set right a few of the things at the beginning of the book written when i was a much angrier person than i am now.
if things should, as you say, go badly will you see to it that these reach narn?
but the thing about losing one eye is that it makes you look deeply into the eyes of another.
i found in yours all the thanks i will ever require in this life or in any other.
you have no idea what i go through here every day.
the hassles, the problems, the pressures, the things that people do to me.
the centauri have an ego about as big as the galactic core, but they're not stupid.
now, if they come out of hyperspace and see several drazi or brakiri warships waiting for them they'll open fire.
well, as soon as you know when they're going to jump into alliance space you let me know, and we'll get as many white stars as we can into the area.
we'll create a buffer zone between the two sides enforcing the blockade and turning the centauri around while making sure that our guys don't open fire first.
hey, i'm just trying to pull this situation back from the brink.
delenn is on the line to the grey council right now to see if the minbari government can talk some sense into them but i'm not holding out any hope.
i was hoping you'd return home, get out of the line of fire.
thank you, but i'd rather there wasn't a line of fire.
i would like to see the regent as soon as possible.
i'm afraid the regent is otherwise engaged and will be for some time.
but this one his kind killed over a hundred of our people and ran like the cowards they are.
if we can't take our revenge on them then we'll take it out on him.
all communication with babylon 5 has been cut off for reasons of security.
for similar reasons, i'm afraid we must place your companion under arrest.
you may have resigned but he is still on the advisory board of the alliance.
his very presence represents a threat to our ability to conduct the war freely without having our plans compromised.
we are all born as molecules in the hearts of a billion stars molecules that do not understand politics or policies or differences.
over a billion years we foolish molecules forget who we are and where we came from.
in desperate acts of ego we give ourselves names, fight over lines on maps and pretend that our light is better than everyone else's.
the flame reminds us of the piece of those stars that lives on inside us.
so it is with great difficulty and tremendous personal pain that we stand before you now.
for the last six months all of you have suffered devastating attacks on your shipping lines.
lives have been lost, ships and cargo destroyed at a cost of hundreds of millions of credits.
the cost in pain to those who lost family and friends in those attacks can never be measured.
shortly after these attacks started, we began an investigation to find out who was responsible.
now, in exchange for your patience and cooperation we gave you our word that as soon as we found conclusive evidence we would bring it before you and pursue it fully no matter where it led.
in a moment, we will show you proof that the centauri republic is responsible for these attacks.
we promised that the alliance would support any action that you, the member worlds decided should be taken against those responsible.
for instance most of your fleets are built on your homeworlds, for reasons of security.
now, these shipyards use locally produced material to build a focusing lens a central part of any energy weapon.
the unique characteristics of this material can subtly alter the spectrum of light used in the beams making them individual to each world.
can you tell us a little bit about how you identify these unique differences these energy fingerprints?
well, we arranged to have one or two random bodies sent to us after each attack.
a full autopsy was conducted on those bodies in order to determine what kind of weapons were used.
it does the same to the rods and cones in the eyes used to sense light, dark, colors.
it takes a moment for these rods and cones to recover from these bright colors.
that's why you'll see a green dot when you blink after looking at a red light or a yellow dot after looking at a bright blue object.
it's always the exact opposite of the original spectrum and it is surprisingly precise.
because the subject dies within seconds of being hit by a high-energy weapon the rods and cones never recover.
by analyzing them and the state of the bleached skin we can determine the frequency of spectrum used in the weapons.
in addition, the centauri use their weapons almost like projectiles exploding, rather than slicing or disrupting their targets.
all the bodies had explosive tissue burns consistent to centauri energy weapons.
our next statement is from mr. michael garibaldi head of intelligence for the alliance.
as dr. franklin mentioned earlier centauri weapons are designed to be used in an explosive, not slicing, mode.
analysis of debris confirms that the energy weapons were used in that way.
in addition, tactics used to ambush the cargo ships are consistent with centauri training maneuvers.
it has been identified as belonging to the uniform of the centauri palace guards.
i must also mention that my ambush was a direct result of a leak of information about my mission to the drazi homeworld.
this came shortly after ambassador mollari was informed of our plans at a briefing.
after my return, we decided to keep mollari out of the loop and since then, there have been no further leaks.
it was an aging cargo ship due to be scrapped and sold for parts.
we found no cargo of any significance, and we did not find any bodies.
still i suppose i should thank you for respecting my privacy.
so if you're not here to drop off your evidence, why are you here?
to tell you that they are ready to see you now.
i have had the opportunity to review the evidence that has been brought before you.
the narn government could use these resources to throw blame on us.
you could take this information and twist it to indict any one of you.
as far as i am concerned, there is nothing to refute.
and i have nothing more to say to any of you.
during my assignment, i intercepted several coded signals of centauri origin.
i took out a fighter, and i tracked the signal to its location.
my fighter was attached to one of those warships when it jumped.
this is what i encountered when we jumped back into normal space.
effective immediately we will isolate the centauri republic from the company of alliance worlds.
goods and supplies heading to or from centauri prime will be blocked at every jumpgate and transfer point in the alliance.
clearly, they sent a signal they knew would lure lennier to a predetermined location then picked him up and ferried him around showing him what they wanted him to see knowing he would bring it back to babylon 5.
because his character's above reproach he is the perfect vessel for their misinformation.
the centauri republic will not be threatened or intimidated by anyone including those we might once have considered friends.
as a result, effective immediately we are withdrawing from the alliance.
from now on all centauri transports entering into alliance space will be accompanied by one of our finest warships.
anyone firing on one of our ships will be considered committing an act of war and we will respond appropriately.
as for myself, i will be taking the first transport back to centauri prime for further consultations with my government concerning the situation.
londo the council is satisfied that your government is behind these attacks.
you said he needed a bodyguard the last time he went home, and you were right.
if our assumption is correct and he truly does not know that his government is behind these attacks if they deliberately kept him out of it...
which is why he may be in even greater danger once he returns home.
say what you want about him, and i can say quite a bit, he is relentless.
sooner or later, he will find out what's going on and i believe he will try to stop it.
in the long run, he may be our only hope of ending this.
you are the last person on this station to get self-righteous with anybody.
you had a lot of problems before you came here, and i know you had some problems after you got here but did i say anything to you about it?
because i knew you would work it out, and you always did.
you have no idea what i go through here every day.
michael, this may be our only chance to avoid a shooting war.
that's why it is so important you get that information to us as fast as you can so that we have time to get the white stars in position.
thank you, but i'd rather there wasn't a line of fire.
is that why you brought it along, to hear our terms?
we did all we could to keep track of the centauri.
apparently, one got past us, hit the blockade, fired on the drazi.
the regent sent me to tell you fighting has broken out between us and the interstellar alliance.
i'm also told that they have followed our declaration of hostilities with their own.
for similar reasons, i'm afraid we must place your companion under arrest.
you may have resigned but he is still on the advisory board of the alliance.
over a billion years we foolish molecules forget who we are and where we came from.
in desperate acts of ego we give ourselves names, fight over lines on maps and pretend that our light is better than everyone else's.
for the last six months all of you have suffered devastating attacks on your shipping lines.
lives have been lost, ships and cargo destroyed at a cost of hundreds of millions of credits.
the cost in pain to those who lost family and friends in those attacks can never be measured.
shortly after these attacks started, we began an investigation to find out who was responsible.
now, in exchange for your patience and cooperation we gave you our word that as soon as we found conclusive evidence we would bring it before you and pursue it fully no matter where it led.
in a moment, we will show you proof that the centauri republic is responsible for these attacks.
we promised that the alliance would support any action that you, the member worlds decided should be taken against those responsible.
now that we know that it is the centauri that promise weighs heavily on us.
now, these shipyards use locally produced material to build a focusing lens a central part of any energy weapon.
the unique characteristics of this material can subtly alter the spectrum of light used in the beams making them individual to each world.
can you tell us a little bit about how you identify these unique differences these energy fingerprints?
well, we arranged to have one or two random bodies sent to us after each attack.
excessive light bleaches out the skin where it comes in contact with it.
it does the same to the rods and cones in the eyes used to sense light, dark, colors.
it takes a moment for these rods and cones to recover... from these bright colors.
that's why you'll see a green dot when you blink after looking at a red light or a yellow dot after looking at a bright blue object.
it's always the exact opposite of the original spectrum and it is surprisingly precise.
because the subject dies within seconds of being hit by a high-energy weapon the rods and cones never recover.
all the bodies had explosive tissue burns consistent to centauri energy weapons.
our next statement is from mr. michael garibaldi head of intelligence for the alliance.
as dr. franklin mentioned earlier centauri weapons are designed to be used in an explosive, not slicing, mode.
analysis of debris confirms that the energy weapons were used in that way.
this came from an individual on the drazi homeworld who ambushed me and killed the only surviving witness to one of these attacks.
it has been identified as belonging to the uniform of the centauri palace guards.
i must also mention that my ambush was a direct result of a leak of information about my mission to the drazi homeworld.
this came shortly after ambassador mollari was informed... of our plans at a regular briefing sesion.
after my return, we decided to keep mollari out of the loop and since then, there have been no further leaks.
is it true that in the last three months only one centauri vessel has been attacked?
we found no cargo of any significance, and we did not find any bodies.
we can only conclude that it was put there to throw us off the track and make us think there was an attack against the centauri shipping lines.
i saw you concerned about the increase in preparations for war.
concerned that the information about the location and activities of your warships once available to you and other ministers, was suddenly classified.
so if you're not here to drop off your evidence, why are you here?
to tell you that they are ready to see you now.
after we left narn, many of our weapons and ships were left behind.
the narn government could use these resources to throw blame on us.
as part of the continuing investigation i was assigned to a white star, patrolling the border of centauri space.
during my assignment, i intercepted several coded signals of centauri origin.
the identification marks on those warships do not correspond with any records on file.
my fighter was attached to one of those warships when it jumped.
goods and supplies heading to or from centauri prime will be blocked at every jumpgate and transfer point in the alliance.
any centauri vessel entering or leaving will be stopped, boarded and turned back.
if something like this were going on, i would know about it.
besides, in 500 years the centauri republic has never attacked a civilian target.
ranger lennier to a predetermined location then picked him up and ferried him around showing him what they wanted him to see knowing he would bring it back to babylon 5.
because his character's above reproach he is the perfect vessel for their misinformation.
the centauri republic will not be threatened or intimidated by anyone including those we might once have considered friends.
as a result, effective immediately we are withdrawing from the alliance.
from now on all centauri transports entering into alliance space will be accompanied by one of our finest warships.
anyone firing on one of our ships will be considered committing an act of war and we will respond appropriately.
as for myself, i will be taking the first transport back to centauri prime for further consultations with my government concerning the situation.
londo the council is satisfied that your government is behind these attacks.
you said he needed a bodyguard the last time he went home, and you were right.
if our assumption is correct and he truly does not know that his government is behind these attacks if they deliberately kept him out of it...
which is why he may be in even greater danger once he returns home.
say what you want about him, and i can say quite a bit, he is relentless.
sooner or later, he will find out what's going on and i believe he will try to stop it.
in the long run, he may be our only hope of ending this.
you are the last person on this station to get self-righteous with anybody.
you had a lot of problems before you came here, and i know you had some problems after you got here but did i say anything to you about it?
because i knew you would work it out, and you always did.
you have no idea what i go through here every day.
michael, this may be our only chance to avoid a shooting war.
that's why it is so important you get that information to us as fast as you can so that we have time to get the white stars in position.
thank you, but i'd rather there wasn't a line of fire.
is that why you brought it along, to hear our terms?
but this one his kind killed over a hundred of our people and ran like the cowards they are.
if we can't take our revenge on them then we'll take it out on him.
all communication with babylon 5 has been cut off for reasons of security.
for similar reasons, i'm afraid we must place your companion under arrest.
you may have resigned but he is still on the advisory board of the alliance.
his very presence represents a threat to our ability to conduct the war freely without having our plans compromised.
we are all born as molecules in the hearts of a billion stars molecules that do not understand politics or policies or differences.
over a billion years we foolish molecules forget who we are and where we came from.
in desperate acts of ego we give ourselves names, fight over lines on maps and pretend that our light is better than everyone else's.
the flame reminds us of the piece of those stars that lives on inside us.
the reply that husn bano gave to the emperor can be found in the library book kept on the eighth book on the sixth rack in the fourth row.
if your reply is the same, place this flower on page number 16.
i don't want to make a fool of myself by being beaten up by a girl in the college in broad daylight!
didn't you see how she went upstairs like a charged engine?
do you think that i will be able to live without you?
moreover, i am not going to some other country. i will be here only.
she was aged just 18 years, 6 months and 3 days when she was killed.
on 19th february at 3 o'clock in the afternoon the criminal entered this girl's house and he beat her, raped her and murdered her brutally by crushing her head.
even the police admitted that when they entered the house the scene was so grisly that nobody should have to see such a sight!
just imagine what the mother would've experienced when she must've cleaned the floor smeared with her daughter's blood when she must've held various parts of her mangled body in her hands.
that he should be half-buried under the ground on a public road and stoned till the point when he breathes his last out of agony.
but the most severe punishment under the indian penal code is hanging till death.
that on the afternoon of the 19th, your lover came to you in a tense state.
and a short while later you saw him hiding blood-stained gloves and weapon.
a man who loves me so much why would such a man look at any girl with evil eyes?
i had gone mad that i assumed you to be the killer.
even if you happen to touch liquor, you will see my dead face.
i will give up my life under the same train in which you've brought me here.
but we just fulfill our duty and we get paid for it.
but by saving the girl today, you have indeed done a commendable task.
i have no personal enmity with you or your family members.
that day i was feeling hungry, and sonia came my way.
and the major himself should pat me on my back in appreciation.
the major hasn't come today to pat your back, but to weaken your jaws.
does your law declare someone guilty on the basis of evidence or on the basis of someone's talent of seeing behind a person's face.
if your men harass even a single person of our locality we will sit outside your office constantly in protest against you.
if you try to help her stand up... ..i will throw you outside.
just because you overpowered a man by mistake you think you got the right to come late by half an hour?
despite this, after my recovery i am going away without meeting you.
perhaps i didn't muster the courage to face you and bid you goodbye.
we military people are awarded the ashok chakra for our bravery.
but for what you have done despite not being a cop i am handing over to you this priceless memento.
i know that by the time this letter reaches you i would've gone far away.
but however far i go away from you your memories will always be with me.
are your rules meant to help us, or to harass us?
you tell me, sir, do i look like a thief or some terrorist that your people have been harassing me?
don't give me your tractor, but i'll go to that tree tonight.
then go and hug him like you did to your son ramu.
 one fine day with a woof and a purr 
 a baby was born and it caused a little stir 
 got to rise above it, got to try to get along 
 got to walk together, got to sing this song 
i just don't like being dragged through sewers and falling off cliffs, okay?
look... from now on, we do this the safe, scientific way.
 one fine day with a woof and a purr 
 a baby was born and it caused a little stir 
 alone in the world was a little catdog...  [captioning sponsored by the u.s. department of education and nickelodeon ]
 alone in the world was a little catdog.  [captioned by the caption center wgbh educational foundation]
when are you two gonna stop fighting over him and grow up?
when phoebe realizes that she doesn't have a chance with him.
otherwise, you'll never know if it could've worked out or not.
if i were you, i would figure out a way to tell him.
prue, don't give me grief when you get the phone bill.
i was up all night on the internet, and i didn't find anything.
because once the spell ends, no one will remember what they've heard.
you guys, i just wanted to see how andy would react.
we just need to lock the doors, call in sick and just stay in our own bedrooms until it just goes away.
hello, there's a demon on the loose, and i still have to find that woman.
can you or can you not accept that i'm a witch?
if i have to answer right now i don't think so, prue.
you need another manager, sous-chef, hostess and an extra busboy on the weekends.
if you will not agree to hire these people, then tell me now and i'll quit.
when are you two gonna stop fighting over him and grow up?
when phoebe realizes that she doesn't have a chance with him.
otherwise, you'll never know if it could've worked out or not.
if i were you, i would figure out a way to tell him.
prue, don't give me grief when you get the phone bill.
i was up all night on the internet, and i didn't find anything.
because once the spell ends, no one will remember what they've heard.
you guys, i just wanted to see how andy would react.
we just need to lock the doors, call in sick and just stay in our own bedrooms until it just goes away.
hello, there's a demon on the loose, and i still have to find that woman.
can you or can you not accept that i'm a witch?
if i have to answer right now i don't think so, prue.
you need another manager, sous-chef, hostess and an extra busboy on the weekends.
if you will not agree to hire these people, then tell me now and i'll quit.
when are you two gonna stop fighting over him and grow up?
when phoebe realizes that she doesn't have a chance with him.
otherwise, you'll never know if it could've worked out or not.
if i were you, i would figure out a way to tell him.
prue, don't give me grief when you get the phone bill.
i was up all night on the internet, and i didn't find anything.
because once the spell ends, no one will remember what they've heard.
you guys, i just wanted to see how andy would react.
we just need to lock the doors, call in sick and just stay in our own bedrooms until it just goes away.
hello, there's a demon on the loose, and i still have to find that woman.
can you or can you not accept that i'm a witch?
if i have to answer right now i don't think so, prue.
you need another manager, sous-chef, hostess and an extra busboy on the weekends.
if you will not agree to hire these people, then tell me now and i'll quit.
so here you have in front of you a living example... of-of everything you're trying to achieve.
i would just say get an ice breaker and break out of it.
 do you want to dance   do you want to dance 
 do ya, do ya, do ya, do ya   do ya, do ya 
i have a department to run, and i have to make a living.
as you well know, the advance on my novel was spent years ago... on your's and brian's education.
and, uh, and sometimes i felt like i was going crazy.
but since my mom was so good at decorating... and doing those creative things around the house,
the way she makes jane, the sweet... and domestic one, the good one.
she makes her second fiddle to elizabeth, the one who's the outspoken and smart one.
i was just wondering if you could tell me when he's gonna be released from rehab.
i'm just trying to be a friend which i'm sure that he needs right now.
i looked at my american express bill one january... and went into ring failure.
i was so opposed to name tags that once when a women slapped a gummed label... over my left bosom that said, "hello, my name is erma,"
- well, i can't very well disinvite them now, can i?
and we could all use a little holiday cheer around here now.
we have the honor to have with us oliver most, who... whose work means so much to me... and who was the first to encourage me with comeback inn.
he's agreed after dinner to read to us from his new book, for which i...
if you're going to j.f.k, i can give you a lift.
i moved to seattle a couple of months ago to get away from all the cameras, my ex-wife and my ex-kids.
i remember we were making the, uh, ornaments, the craft ornaments with the feathers and the sequins... for my mother's christmas tree in the square.
and, uh, i would climb up the ladder... and she would tell me where to put them.
the cancer has progressed much more quickly than we had expected.
i'm sorry, but i think it's best to stop the chemotherapy.
wouldn't it be a lot easier if we could just admit... to our failures, the things that we fucked up on.
ellen, would you not use that word in the house, please?
it was right after new year's when her health really started to decline.
and this guy in my class was going on and on... about how selfish she was and how, of course, she would leave.
you make concessions when you're married a long time... that you don't believe you'll make when you're beginning.
when you're young, you say, "oh, i'll never tolerate... this or that or the other thing."
i can smell the lilacs and the hollyhocks under the soil.
your mother used to say she could do the same thing.
his father was a drug dealer, he overcomes that... excuse me... is on his way to big things, possibly the presidency...
- until he crashes his car into a tree, kills everyone inside...
as you well know, the advance on my novel was spent years ago... on yours and brian's education.
dad, i have to do my interviews and my research in new york.
so, he engaged his body... with a simple stimulant, apples... to free his mind.
so far, all it's done for me is make me hungry for apple pie  la mode.
here's some literary criticism... in case you haven't seen any of that recently.
and two, three examples of my work in case you don't carry that... around in your bags with you wherever you go.
and, uh, and sometimes i felt like i was going crazy.
but since my mom was so good at decorating... and doing those creative things around the house...
the way she makes jane, the sweet... and domestic one, the good one.
she makes her second fiddle to elizabeth... the one who's the outspoken and smart one.
i was just wondering if you could tell me... when he's gonna be released from rehab.
i'm just trying to be a friend, which i'm sure that he needs right now.
i looked at my american express bill one january... and went into ring failure.
i was so opposed to name tags that once when a women slapped a gummed label... over my left bosom that said, "hello, my name is erma..."
we have the honor to have with us oliver most, who... whose work means so much to me... and who was the first to encourage me with comeback inn.
he's agreed after dinner to read to us from his new book... for which i...
maybe it's time for you to start thinking about going back to new york.
maybe you should go back to the city... to your work and your writing and all those things that you like to do.
i moved to seattle a couple of months ago to get away from all the cameras... my ex-wife and my ex-kids.
yeah, you know, i think i saw something about that on television.
one of which is to ask you... why you were so hostile with me... at thanksgiving.
i know this is not the best situation for any of us.
i have some questions that i'd like to discuss with you.
- i don't think i want to talk about the interview.
i remember we were making the, uh, ornaments... the craft ornaments with the feathers and the sequins... for my mother's christmas tree in the square.
and, uh, i would climb up the ladder... and she would tell me where to put them.
you'll need to give her one tablet twice a day for the pain.
they shouldn't be chewed or crushed because they might become toxic.
the holidays seemed to take a lot out of my mother.
it was right after new year's when her health really started to decline.
you make concessions when you're married a long time... that you don't believe you'll make when you're beginning.
when you're young, you say, "oh, i'll never tolerate... this or that or the other thing."
- i'm sad that i won't be able to plan your wedding.
so promise me that you won't have a ring bearer... or a flower girl, because those kids always just misbehave... and then they distract from the bride.
it's so much easier to choose to love... the things that you have.
and you have so much... instead of always yearning for what you're missing... or what it is that you're imagining you're missing.
did your mother ever ask you... to help her take her life?
if she did, ellen, i can say with some assurance no one in this office...
senator sullivan, youngest guy ever to be elected to the senate.
his father was a drug dealer, he overcomes that... excuse me... is on his way to big things, possibly the presidency...
- so here you have in front of you a living example... of-of everything you're trying to achieve.
i would just say get an ice breaker and break out of it.
i have a department to run, and i have to make a living.
as you well know, the advance on my novel was spent years ago... on yours and brian's education.
schiller believed that his body sabotaged... the attention of his mind while he was writing.
so, he engaged his body... with a simple stimulant, apples... to free his mind.
but since my mom was so good at decorating... and doing those creative things around the house...
i suggested that she do something with her talent... like, uh, like decorate professionally.
the way she makes jane, the sweet... and domestic one, the good one.
she makes her second fiddle to elizabeth... the one who's the outspoken and smart one.
i was just wondering if you could tell me... when he's gonna be released from rehab.
i'm just trying to be a friend, which i'm sure that he needs right now.
um, he was busy with his classes... but-but he managed to spend time at home.
i looked at my american express bill one january... and went into ring failure.
i was so opposed to name tags that once when a women slapped a gummed label... over my left bosom that said, "hello, my name is erma..."
i leaned over and said, "now what shall we name the other one?"
- well... to our great surprise and delight... tonight has become a night to go down in our family's history books.
we have the honor to have with us oliver most, who... whose work means so much to me... and who was the first to encourage me with comeback inn.
but i think in situations like this, you have to... be sympathetic with people.
i mean, everybody has to deal with bad stuff in their own way, you know.
if you're going to j.f.k, i can give you a lift.
i moved to seattle a couple of months ago to get away from all the cameras... my ex-wife and my ex-kids.
you'li need to give her one tablet twice a day for the pain.
they shouldn't be chewed or crushed because they might become toxic.
he's got this friend... this fucking harold guy, who calls and makes excuses for him.
and this woman, she dropped him off right in front of the house.
- wouldn't it be a lot easier if we could just admit... to our failures, the things that we fucked up on.
- ellen, would you not use that word in the house, please?
the holidays seemed to take a lot out of my mother.
it was right after new year's when her health really started to decline.
you make concessions when you're married a long time... that you don't believe you'll make when you're beginning.
when you're young, you say, "oh, i'll never tolerate... this or that or the other thing.,
his father was a drug dealer, he overcomes that... excuse me... is on his way to big things, possibly the presidency...
- until he crashes his car into a tree, kills everyone inside...
- so here you have in front of you a living example... of-of everything you're trying to achieve.
i would just say get an ice breaker and break out of it.
i have a department to run, and i have to make a living.
as you well know, the advance on my novel was spent years ago... on yours and brian's education.
schiller believed that his body sabotaged... the attention of his mind while he was writing.
so, he engaged his body... with a simple stimulant, apples... to free his mind.
but since my mom was so good at decorating... and doing those creative things around the house...
i suggested that she do something with her talent... like, uh, like decorate professionally.
i was just thinking that maybe... you could cut back on your classes, help out a little.
ellie, i'd like to... but this is the busiest time of the semester for me.
my mom would have a couple of bad days, and then she'd be fine.
and, uh, she was still doing the things she'd always done.
i looked at my american express bill one january... and went into ring failure.
i was so opposed to name tags that once when a women slapped a gummed label... over my left bosom that said, "hello, my name is erma..."
we have the honor to have with us oliver most, who... whose work means so much to me... and who was the first to encourage me with comeback inn.
he's agreed after dinner to read to us from his new book... for which i...
maybe it's time for you to start thinking about going back to new york.
maybe you should go back to the city... to your work and your writing and all those things that you like to do.
i moved to seattle a couple of months ago to get away from all the cameras... my ex-wife and my ex-kids.
yeah, you know, i think i saw something about that on television.
one of which is to ask you... why you were so hostile with me... at thanksgiving.
i know this is not the best situation for any of us.
i have some questions that i'd like to discuss with you.
- i don't think i want to talk about the interview.
i remember we were making the, uh, ornaments... the craft ornaments with the feathers and the sequins... for my mother's christmas tree in the square.
and, uh, i would climb up the ladder... and she would tell me where to put them.
the cancer has progressed much more quickly than we had expected.
i'm sorry, but i think it's best to stop the chemotherapy.
he's got this friend... this fucking harold guy, who calls and makes excuses for him.
and this woman, she dropped him off right in front of the house.
just calling... to say happy new year's and to tell you that...
i've really been thinking about what you said... about how we needed to talk about our plans.
it was right after new year's when her health really started to decline.
and this guy in my class was going on and on... about how selfish she was and how... of course, she would leave.
now you listen to me because i'm only going to say this once... and i probably shouldn't say it at all.
there is nothing that you know about your father that i don't know.
and when you've slept together a thousand nights... and you've smelled like spit-up from the babies when they're sick... and you've seen your body droop and get soft... and some nights you just think, "oh, god, i'm not gonna put up with it another minute".
but you wake up in the next morning... and the kitchen smells like coffee... and the kids have their hair brushed all by themselves... and you look at your husband, and no... he's not the person you thought he was.
and with those two things alone you're gonna make such a mess out of your life... you wouldn't believe, and i wanna be able to tell you these things in ten years.
and when i think how most of what you learned so far came from your dad...
senator sullivan, youngest guy ever to be elected to the senate.
his father was a drug dealer, he overcomes that... excuse me... is on his way to big things, possibly the presidency...
- so here you have in front of you a living example... of-of everything you're trying to achieve.
i would just say get an ice breaker and break out of it.
i have a department to run, and i have to make a living.
as you well know, the advance on my novel was spent years ago... on yours and brian's education.
schiller believed that his body sabotaged... the attention of his mind while he was writing.
so, he engaged his body... with a simple stimulant, apples... to free his mind.
but since my mom was so good at decorating... and doing those creative things around the house...
i suggested that she do something with her talent... like, uh, like decorate professionally.
the way she makes jane, the sweet... and domestic one, the good one.
she makes her second fiddle to elizabeth... the one who's the outspoken and smart one.
i was just wondering if you could tell me... when he's gonna be released from rehab.
i'm just trying to be a friend, which i'm sure that he needs right now.
um, he was busy with his classes... but-but he managed to spend time at home.
i looked at my american express bill one january... and went into ring failure.
i was so opposed to name tags that once when a women slapped a gummed label... over my left bosom that said, "hello, my name is erma..."
i leaned over and said, "now what shall we name the other one?"
- well... to our great surprise and delight... tonight has become a night to go down in our family's history books.
we have the honor to have with us oliver most, who... whose work means so much to me... and who was the first to encourage me with comeback inn.
but i think in situations like this, you have to... be sympathetic with people.
i mean, everybody has to deal with bad stuff in their own way, you know.
if you're going to j.f.k, i can give you a lift.
i moved to seattle a couple of months ago to get away from all the cameras... my ex-wife and my ex-kids.
you'li need to give her one tablet twice a day for the pain.
they shouldn't be chewed or crushed because they might become toxic.
he's got this friend... this fucking harold guy, who calls and makes excuses for him.
and this woman, she dropped him off right in front of the house.
- wouldn't it be a lot easier if we could just admit... to our failures, the things that we fucked up on.
- ellen, would you not use that word in the house, please?
the holidays seemed to take a lot out of my mother.
it was right after new year's when her health really started to decline.
you make concessions when you're married a long time... that you don't believe you'll make when you're beginning.
when you're young, you say, "oh, i'll never tolerate... this or that or the other thing.,
- so here you have in front of you a living example... of, of everything you're trying to achieve.
i would just say get an ice breaker and break out of it.
as you well know, the advance on my novel was spent years ago... on yours and brian's education.
dad, i have to do my interviews and my research in new york.
so, he engaged his body... with a simple stimulant, apples... to free his mind.
so far, all it's done for me is make me hungry for apple pie  la mode.
here's some literary criticism... in case you haven't seen any of that recently.
and two, three examples of my work in case you don't carry that... around in your bags with you wherever you go.
and, uh, and sometimes i felt like i was going crazy.
but since my mom was so good at decorating... and doing those creative things around the house...
the way she makes jane, the sweet... and domestic one, the good one.
she makes her second fiddle to elizabeth... the one who's the outspoken and smart one.
i was just wondering if you could tell me... when he's gonna be released from rehab.
i'm just trying to be a friend, which i'm sure that he needs right now.
i looked at my american express bill one january... and went into ring failure.
i was so opposed to name tags that once when a women slapped a gummed label... over my left bosom that said, "hello, my name is erma... "
we have the honor to have with us oliver most, who... whose work means so much to me... and who was the first to encourage me with comeback inn.
he's agreed after dinner to read to us from his new book... for which i...
maybe it's time for you to start thinking about going back to new york.
maybe you should go back to the city... to your work and your writing and all those things that you like to do.
i moved to seattle a couple of months ago to get away from all the cameras... my ex-wife and my ex-kids.
yeah, you know, i think i saw something about that on television.
one of which is to ask you... why you were so hostile with me... at thanksgiving.
i know this is not the best situation for any of us.
i have some questions that i'd like to discuss with you.
- i don't think i want to talk about the interview.
i remember we were making the, uh, ornaments... the craft ornaments with the feathers and the sequins... for my mother's christmas tree in the square.
and, uh, i would climb up the ladder... and she would tell me where to put them.
you'll need to give her one tablet twice a day for the pain.
they shouldn't be chewed or crushed because they might become toxic.
the holidays seemed to take a lot out of my mother.
it was right after new year's when her health really started to decline.
you make concessions when you're married a long time... that you don't believe you'll make when you're beginning.
when you're young, you say, "oh, i'll never tolerate... this or that or the other thing. "
"oh, god, i'm not gonna put up with it another minute. "
but you wake up in the next morning... and the kitchen smells like coffee... and the kids have their hair brushed all by themselves... and you look at your husband, and no... he's not the person you thought he was.
and with those two things alone you're gonna make such a mess out of your life... you wouldn't believe, and i wanna be able to tell you these things in ten years.
and when i think how most of what you learned so far came from your dad...
i can smell the lilacs and the hollyhocks under the soil.
your mother used to say she could do the same thing.
senator sullivan, youngest guy ever to be elected to the senate.
his father was a drug dealer, he overcomes that... excuse me... is on his way to big things, possibly the presidency...
- so here you have in front of you a living example... of-of everything you're trying to achieve.
i would just say get an ice breaker and break out of it.
i have a department to run, and i have to make a living.
as you well know, the advance on my novel was spent years ago... on yours and brian's education.
schiller believed that his body sabotaged... the attention of his mind while he was writing.
so, he engaged his body... with a simple stimulant, apples... to free his mind.
but since my mom was so good at decorating... and doing those creative things around the house...
i suggested that she do something with her talent... like, uh, like decorate professionally.
the way she makes jane, the sweet... and domestic one, the good one.
she makes her second fiddle to elizabeth... the one who's the outspoken and smart one.
i was just wondering if you could tell me... when he's gonna be released from rehab.
i'm just trying to be a friend, which i'm sure that he needs right now.
um, he was busy with his classes... but-but he managed to spend time at home.
i looked at my american express bill one january... and went into ring failure.
i was so opposed to name tags that once when a women slapped a gummed label... over my left bosom that said, "hello, my name is erma..."
i leaned over and said, "now what shall we name the other one?"
- well... to our great surprise and delight... tonight has become a night to go down in our family's history books.
we have the honor to have with us oliver most, who... whose work means so much to me... and who was the first to encourage me with comeback inn.
but i think in situations like this, you have to... be sympathetic with people.
i mean, everybody has to deal with bad stuff in their own way, you know.
if you're going to j.f.k, i can give you a lift.
i moved to seattle a couple of months ago to get away from all the cameras... my ex-wife and my ex-kids.
you'li need to give her one tablet twice a day for the pain.
they shouldn't be chewed or crushed because they might become toxic.
he's got this friend... this fucking harold guy, who calls and makes excuses for him.
and this woman, she dropped him off right in front of the house.
- wouldn't it be a lot easier if we could just admit... to our failures, the things that we fucked up on.
- ellen, would you not use that word in the house, please?
the holidays seemed to take a lot out of my mother.
it was right after new year's when her health really started to decline.
you make concessions when you're married a long time... that you don't believe you'll make when you're beginning.
when you're young, you say, "oh, i'll never tolerate... this or that or the other thing.,
there's the monologue... those idiot puppets, krusty's nap time... the second monologue, paul harvey, senor pepino-
i tell ya, it's the tightest three hours and 10 minutes on tv.
that's because tomorrow this old carousel... which has delighted young americans for lo these past six years... will be torn down to make way for the future- a store that sells designer mouse pads.
well, i guess there's no room in this modern world... for old blackie here... but if you don't mind... this reporter is going for... one last ride.
joe banks, 82 years young... has come to this pond every day... for the past 17 years to feed the ducks.
but last month joe made a discovery- the ducks were gone.
and some people think that joe used to sit down there, near those ducks.
but it could be that there's just no room in this modern world... for an old man and his ducks.
people say she's crazy just because she has a few dozen cats.
but can anyone who loves animals that much really be crazy?
and yet here they are, making flags out of old clothes.
sure, they may not have the right number of stripes... and the colors are all wrong... and some purists will tell you... the american flag doesn't contain the word "jordache."
but i have a certain respect... for that whole "truth and hard work" thing that you do.
you know, bart, if we combine your showmanship with my integrity... we could make kids really care about the news.
- we'll bring you more... on this chalk shortage as it continues.
and now, bart's been looking into that alleged ham salad... from yesterday's school lunch.
sure, they may not have the right number of stripes... and the colors are all wrong... and some purists will tell you... the american flag doesn't contain the word "jordache."
but you know, if they run this up the flagpole, i'll salute.
there's the monologue... those idiot puppets, krusty's nap time... the second monologue, paul harvey, senor pepino-
i tell ya, it's the tightest three hours and 10 minutes on tv.
that's because tomorrow this old carousel... which has delighted young americans for lo these past six years... will be torn down to make way for the future- a store that sells designer mouse pads.
well, i guess there's no room in this modern world... for old blackie here... but if you don't mind... this reporter is going for... one last ride.
joe banks, 82 years young... has come to this pond every day... for the past 17 years to feed the ducks.
but last month joe made a discovery- the ducks were gone.
and some people think that joe used to sit down there, near those ducks.
but it could be that there's just no room in this modern world... for an old man and his ducks.
people say she's crazy just because she has a few dozen cats.
but can anyone who loves animals that much really be crazy?
and yet here they are, making flags out of old clothes.
sure, they may not have the right number of stripes... and the colors are all wrong... and some purists will tell you... the american flag doesn't contain the word "jordache."
but i have a certain respect... for that whole "truth and hard work" thing that you do.
you know, bart, if we combine your showmanship with my integrity... we could make kids really care about the news.
speaking of, we got less than a day to get it back, or you better get used to these accommodations.
was it just me, or did it seem like the lieutenant was trying to frag his co?
now, i already spent three months in a kromagg re-education camp.
what they were doing to maggie is a sponge bath compared to what they have in store for us.
we miss that window, i will die before i spend 29 years here with these bastards.
and i will take as many of them with me as i can.
the dynasty has been tracking a rogue human for some time.
he possesses trans-dimensional travel capabilities, and we have reason to believe he recently arrived on earth 147.
efforts to penetrate the dampening field the humans have placed around our world have failed.
it remains cloaked to our sensors, lost amidst an infinite number of worlds.
the tracking device implanted in him during his captivity on earth 113 will lead us to our home world.
quinn mallory will bring about the destruction of his own species.
remmy, you know i'll follow you anywhere, but you gotta learn how to deal with this, or else it's just gonna eat you up until there is nothing left.
i saw them wheel a body out of there, so keep an eye out.
i figure you'd be up for a cushy command on kromagg prime.
not shipped off to some ruined planet used for target practice.
he told me this whole planet was used as a proving ground for testing weapons.
all the more reason for us to get to the home world.
but it's not about what's going on inside of me right now.
i left a lot of good people back there in that magg prison, and wade was one of them.
tell her about the weapon you've built that rips people apart, atom by atom.
we will use whatever means necessary to regain the home world.
you're going to use that weapon to exterminate every human being on every alternate world you find.
it is not my place to question the will of the dynasty.
well, thanks to our ample supply of test animals, we've been able to tune the weapon to be human specific more quickly than anticipated.
when the device is deployed, there'll be no place on the planet for the vermin to hide.
we try to take that weapon out, we might miss the sliding window.
i'll try to dismantle the weapon, then we've gotta find the timer.
if you defy an order from any kromagg, you will be killed.
if you attempt to interfere with the operation of this garrison, you will be killed.
i'm saying we do whatever we can to get out of here.
now, i already spent three months in a kromagg re-education camp.
and i will take as many of them with me as i can.
commander, am i to believe you granted the homo sapien spies full access to the garrison?
he possesses trans-dimensional travel capabilities, and we have reason to believe he recently arrived on earth 147.
if any of your garrison encounter this man, do not detain him.
ever since we found earth prime, he's just totally shut down.
i mean, at least i know i have a home somewhere.
the marines fought them, block by block, but they kept pouring in reinforcements.
when the american lines finally broke, they felt they had no choice.
you violated a direct order, and i'm very strict about following orders.
you know, it's been so long since i had good human eyes on this world.
if we don't stop them now, how long you think it's gonna be before we start sliding into more worlds like this one?
we try to take that weapon out, we might miss the sliding window.
you may not believe this, captain, but i find no honor in this duty.
during our great struggle, our cause was clear, to conquer a world that was ours by birthright.
i adjusted the dna setting so that the blast wouldn't affect humans.
but i was sure that, that kromagg officer saw what i did.
the kromaggs may come back to find out what happened to their project.
we'll make sure they don't get a chance to start over.
you ever try towing a car on the dan ryan at 3 a. m. without a handgun?
what about east 42nd, 1 st avenue in new york city?
cooper, get the background on the chinese guy in the plane.
cosmo, get the local sheriff lined out and ready to go.
serving a life sentence for murder for a chinese mob hit.
sheriff in metropolis just found this in a dumpster behind a laundromat.
to see you walk in was like a mainline of ego boost.
i must've done something right to see you come all the way here in one piece.
kevin peters the guy who was out sick, must be the one who planted the gun.
2 days before the plane crash, his sister gets 20k in her account.
tell you what i'd look into is how you got those fingerprints.
you had them on file because the guy works for you.
he allowed sheridan to escape and managed to get shot in the process.
i admit it was wrong to withhold information from you but the fact remains, sheridan killed those agents.
the lord is my rock and my fortress and my deliverer my god, my strength in whom i will trust.
my buckler and the horn of my salvation and my high tower. "
this is linda carlton outside the u.s. mission to the u.n.
many details are still unclear, but we can now confirm that special agent frank barrows was killed at queens hill cemetery during a stakeout to capture fugitive mark sheridan, suspect in 2 murders at the u.n. 6 months ago.
though unconfirmed, sources report barrows may be implicated with sheridan for selling top-secret documents to the chinese government.
deputy u. s. marshal noah newman was also killed as sheridan eluded police in a spectacular escape leaping onto the roof of a moving subway, then stealing a car.
he'll say "diplomatic immunity. " all we can do is deport him.
antonio kimber, one of our kites, said he was instructed to make the exchange.
i needed a fall guy to make the bag drop in case things went south.
like the two dds agents you gunned down at the u.n.
marshal walsh, is it true that mark sheridan was exonerated by this hearing?
after considering the facts the u.s. attorney's office has decided to drop all charges against mr. sheridan.
you ever try towing a car on the dan ryan at 3 a.m. without a handgun?
what about east 42nd, 1 st avenue in new york city?
every bridge across the ohio river from golconda to metropolis to cairo needs to be closed down.
extending south from alexander and pulaski county lines, have every house, hotel hospital, back road and backwater searched for mr. mark j. roberts.
i'll find the person who set me up and clear my name.
it's something i thought i could hide from, but i guess i can't.
this is not a man who could've done the things you said.
this is a killer who committed murder and probably will again.
many details are still unclear, but we can now confirm that special agent frank barrows was killed at queens hill cemetery during a stakeout to capture fugitive mark sheridan, suspect in 2 murders at the u.n. 6 months ago.
though unconfirmed, sources report barrows may be implicated with sheridan for selling top-secret documents to the chinese government.
deputy u. s. marshal noah newman was also killed as sheridan eluded police in a spectacular escape leaping onto the roof of a moving subway, then stealing a car.
he'll say "diplomatic immunity." all we can do is deport him.
i needed a fall guy to make the bag drop in case things went south.
like the two dds agents you gunned down at the u.n.
marshal walsh, is it true that mark sheridan was exonerated by this hearing?
after considering the facts the u.s. attorney's office has decided to drop all charges against mr. sheridan.
every bridge across the ohio river from golconda to metropolis to cairo needs to be closed down.
extending south from alexander and pulaski county lines, have every house, hotel hospital, back road and backwater searched for mr. mark j. roberts.
to see you walk in was like a mainline of ego boost.
i must've done something right to see you come all the way here in one piece.
kevin peters the guy who was out sick, must be the one who planted the gun.
2 days before the plane crash, his sister gets 20k in her account.
"the lord is my rock and my fortress and my deliverer my god, my strength in whom i will trust.
my buckler and the horn of my salvation and my high tower. "
many details are still unclear, but we can now confirm that special agent frank barrows was killed at queens hill cemetery during a stakeout to capture fugitive mark sheridan, suspect in 2 murders at the u.n. 6 months ago.
though unconfirmed, sources report barrows may be implicated with sheridan for selling top-secret documents to the chinese government.
deputy u. s. marshal noah newman was also killed as sheridan eluded police in a spectacular escape leaping onto the roof of a moving subway, then stealing a car.
he'll say "diplomatic immunity. " all we can do is deport him.
i needed a fall guy to make the bag drop in case things went south.
like the two dds agents you gunned down at the u.n.
marshal walsh, is it true that mark sheridan was exonerated by this hearing?
after considering the facts the u.s. attorney's office has decided to drop all charges against mr. sheridan.
every bridge across the ohio river from golconda to metropolis to cairo needs to be closed down.
extending south from alexander and pulaski county lines, have every house, hotel hospital, back road and backwater searched for mr. mark j. roberts.
i'll find the person who set me up and clear my name.
it's something i thought i could hide from, but i guess i can't.
this is not a man who could've done the things you said.
this is a killer who committed murder and probably will again.
many details are still unclear, but we can now confirm that special agent frank barrows was killed at queens hill cemetery during a stakeout to capture fugitive mark sheridan, suspect in 2 murders at the u.n. 6 months ago.
though unconfirmed, sources report barrows may be implicated with sheridan for selling top-secret documents to the chinese government.
deputy u. s. marshal noah newman was also killed as sheridan eluded police in a spectacular escape leaping onto the roof of a moving subway, then stealing a car.
he'll say "diplomatic immunity." all we can do is deport him.
every bridge across the ohio river from golconda to metropolis to cairo needs to be closed down.
extending south from alexander and pulaski county lines, have every house, hotel hospital, back road and backwater searched for mr. mark j. roberts.
to see you walk in was like a mainline of ego boost.
i must've done something right to see you come all the way here in one piece.
kevin peters the guy who was out sick, must be the one who planted the gun.
2 days before the plane crash, his sister gets 20k in her account.
"the lord is my rock and my fortress and my deliverer my god, my strength in whom i will trust.
my buckler and the horn of my salvation and my high tower."
many details are still unclear, but we can now confirm that specialagent frank barrows was killed at queens hill cemetery during a stakeout to capture fugitive mark sheridan, suspect in 2 murders at the u.n. 6 months ago.
though unconfirmed, sources report barrows may be implicated with sheridan for selling top-secret documents to the chinese government.
deputy u.s. marshalnoah newman was also killed as sheridan eludedpolice in a spectacular escape leaping onto the roof ofa moving subway, then stealing a car.
he'll say "diplomatic immunity." all we can do is deport him.
i needed a fall guy to make the bag drop in case things went south.
like the two dds agents you gunned down at the u.n.
marshal walsh, is it true that mark sheridan was exonerated by this hearing?
after considering the facts the u.s. attorney's office has decided to drop all charges against mr. sheridan.
you ever try towing a car on the dan ryan at 3 a.m. without a handgun?
what about east 42nd, 1 st avenue in new york city?
every bridge across the ohio river from golconda to metropolis to cairo needs to be closed down.
extending south from alexander and pulaski county lines, have every house, hotel hospital, back road and backwater searched for mr. mark j. roberts.
i'll find the person who set me up and clear my name.
it's something i thought i could hide from, but i guess i can't.
this is not a man who could've done the things you said.
this is a killer who committed murder and probably will again.
many details are still unclear, but we can now confirm that special agent frank barrows was killed at queens hill cemetery during a stakeout to capture fugitive mark sheridan, suspect in 2 murders at the u.n. 6 months ago.
though unconfirmed, sources report barrows may be implicated with sheridan for selling top-secret documents to the chinese government.
deputy u. s. marshal noah newman was also killed as sheridan eluded police in a spectacular escape leaping onto the roof of a moving subway, then stealing a car.
he'll say "diplomatic immunity." all we can do is deport him.
i needed a fall guy to make the bag drop in case things went south.
like the two dds agents you gunned down at the u.n.
marshal walsh, is it true that mark sheridan was exonerated by this hearing?
after considering the facts the u.s. attorney's office has decided to drop all charges against mr. sheridan.
cooper, get the background on the chinese guy in the plane.
cosmo, get the local sheriff lined out and ready to go.
serving a life sentence for murder for a chinese mob hit.
sheriff in metropolis just found this in a dumpster behind a laundromat.
to see you walk in was like a mainline of ego boost.
i must've done something right to see you come all the way here in one piece.
kevin peters the guy who was out sick, must be the one who planted the gun.
2 days before the plane crash, his sister gets 20k in her account.
tell you what i'd look into is how you got those fingerprints.
you had them on file because the guy works for you.
he allowed sheridan to escape and managed to get shot in the process.
i admit it was wrong to withhold information from you but the fact remains, sheridan killed those agents.
"the lord is my rock and my fortress and my deliverer my god, my strength in whom i will trust.
my buckler and the horn of my salvation and my high tower."
this is linda carlton outside the u.s. mission to the u.n.
many details are still unclear, but we can now confirm that special agent frank barrows was killed at queens hill cemetery during a stakeout to capture fugitive mark sheridan, suspect in 2 murders at the u.n. 6 months ago.
though unconfirmed, sources report barrows may be implicated.../i ... with sheridan for selling top-secret documents to the chinese government.
deputy u.s. marshal noah newman was also killed as sheridan eluded police in a spectacular escape leaping onto the roof of a moving subway, then stealing a car.
he'll say "diplomatic immunity. " all we can do is deport him.
antonio kimber, one of our kites, said he was instructed to make the exchange.
that chinese fellow dropped in some poor old boy's roof and into the bath.
-looks like a bowl of gumbo with ribs-- -l get the picture, sheriff.
cooper, get the background on the chinese guy in the plane.
cosmo, get the local sheriff lined out and ready to go.
serving a life sentence for murder for a chinese mob hit.
sheriff in metropolis just found this in a dumpster behind a laundromat.
i'll find the person who set me up and clear my name.
it's something i thought i could hide from, but i guess i can't.
this is not a man who could've done the things you said.
this is a killer who committed murder and probably will again.
tell you what i'd look into is how you got those fingerprints.
you had them on file because the guy works for you.
he allowed sheridan to escape and managed to get shot in the process.
i admit it was wrong to withhold information from you but the fact remains, sheridan killed those agents.
this is linda carlton outside the u.s. mission to the u.n.
many details are still unclear, but we can now confirm that special agent frank barrows was killed at queens hill cemetery during a stakeout to capture fugitive mark sheridan, suspect in 2 murders at the u.n. 6 months ago.
though unconfirmed, sources report barrows may be implicated with sheridan for selling top-secret documents to the chinese government.
deputy u. s. marshal noah newman was also killed as sheridan eluded police in a spectacular escape leaping onto the roof of a moving subway, then stealing a car.
he'll say "diplomatic immunity. " all we can do is deport him.
antonio kimber, one of our kites, said he was instructed to make the exchange.
the conroy brothers were brought... to the courthouse for an extradition hearing.
when he grabbed you by the throat, i thought i'd take a dump.
extending south from alexander... and pulaski county lines, have every house, hotel... hospital, back road and backwater searched for mr. mark j. roberts.
get his picture on the local television and keep it there.
cooper, i want you to get the background on the chinese guy on the airplane.
and, cosmo, get the local sheriff lined out and ready to go.
i'll find the person who set me up and clear my name.
it's something i thought i could hide from, but i guess i can't.
he allowed sheridan to escape... and managed to get himself shot in the process.
i admit it was wrong to withhold information from you... but the fact remains, sheridan killed those agents.
my buckler and the horn of my salvation... and my high tower.
i will call upon the lord, who is worthy to be praised... so shall i be saved from mine enemies.
this is linda carlton outside the u.s. mission to the u.n.
many details are still unclear, but we can now confirm... that special agent frank barrows... was killed at queens hill cemetery during a stakeout... to capture fugitive mark sheridan, the prime suspect in two murders... at the u.n. six months ago.
though unconfirmed by the diplomatic security service... sources report barrows may be implicated... with sheridan in selling top-secret documents to the chinese government.
deputy u.s. marshal noah newman was also killed... as sheridan eluded police in a spectacular escape... leaping onto the roof of a moving subway, then stealing a car...
he won't say anything except "diplomatic immunity." all we can do is deport him.
antonio kimber, one of our kites, said he was instructed... to make the exchange.
is it true that mark sheridan was exonerated by this hearing?
after considering the facts... the u.s. attorney's office has decided... to drop all charges against mr. sheridan.
you ever try towing a car on the dan ryan at 3 a.m. without a handgun?
what about east 42nd, 1 st avenue in new york city?
look, d.c. wants to take full advantage of this conroy bust.
you are gonna personally escort these clowns to the federal pen.
every bridge across the ohio river from golconda... to metropolis to cairo... needs to be closed down.
extending south from alexander... and pulaski county lines, have every house, hotel... hospital, back road and backwater searched for mr. mark j. roberts.
i know there's some things i didn't tell you about myself.
believe me when i tell you, i did not do what they said i did.
to see you walk in was like a mainline of ego boost.
i must've done something right... to see you come all the way here in one piece.
this is not a man who could've done the things you said.
this is a ruthless killer who committed murder and probably will again.
sam, kevin peters... the guy who was out on sick leave, must be the one who planted the gun.
two days before the plane crash, his sister gets 20k in her account.
and my fortress... and my deliverer, my god, my strength... in whom i will trust.
my buckler and the horn of my salvation... and my high tower.
i will call upon the lord, who is worthy to be praised... so shall i be saved from mine enemies.
the sorrows of death compassed me... and the floods of ungodly men made me afraid.
many details are still unclear, but we can now confirm... that special agent frank barrows... was killed at queens hill cemetery during a stakeout... to capture fugitive mark sheridan, the prime suspect in two murders... at the u.n. six months ago.
though unconfirmed by the diplomatic security service... sources report barrows may be implicated... with sheridan in selling top-secret documents to the chinese government.
deputy u.s. marshal noah newman was also killed... as sheridan eluded police in a spectacular escape... leaping onto the roof of a moving subway, then stealing a car...
he won't say anything except "diplomatic immunity." all we can do is deport him.
i needed a fall guy to make the bag drop in case things went south.
like the two dss agents you gunned down at the u.n.
you ever try towing a car on the dan ryan at 3 a.m. without a handgun?
what about east 42nd, 1 st avenue in new york city?
i know there's some things i didn't tell you about myself.
believe me when i tell you, i did not do what they said i did.
this is not a man who could've done the things you said.
this is a ruthless killer who committed murder and probably will again.
sam, kevin peters the guy who was out on sick leave, must be the one who planted the gun.
two days before the plane crash, his sister gets 20k in her account.
he allowed sheridan to escape and managed to get himself shot in the process.
i admit it was wrong to withhold information from you but the fact remains, sheridan killed those agents.
"the lord is my rock and my fortress and my deliverer, my god, my strength in whom i will trust.
my buckler and the horn of my salvation and my high tower.
i will call upon the lord, who is worthy to be praised so shall i be saved from mine enemies.
the sorrows of death compassed me and the floods of ungodly men made me afraid.
this is linda carlton outside the u.s. mission to the u.n.
many details are still unclear, but we can now confirm that special agent frank barrows was killed at queens hill cemetery during a stakeout to capture fugitive mark sheridan, the prime suspect in two murders at the u.n. six months ago.
though unconfirmed by the diplomatic security service sources report barrows may be implicated with sheridan in selling top-secret documents to the chinese government.
deputy u.s. marshal noah newman was also killed as sheridan eluded police in a spectacular escape leaping onto the roof of a moving subway, then stealing a car....
he won't say anything except "diplomatic immunity." all we can do is deport him.
antonio kimber, one of our kites, said he was instructed to make the exchange.
every bridge across the ohio river from golconda to metropolis to cairo needs to be closed down.
extending south from alexander and pulaski county lines, have every house, hotel hospital, back road and backwater searched for mr. mark j. roberts.
i'll find the person who set me up and clear my name.
it's something i thought i could hide from, but i guess i can't.
this is not a man who could've done the things you said.
this is a killer who committed murder and probably will again.
many details are still unclear, but we can now confirm that special agent frank barrows was killed at queens hill cemetery during a stakeout to capture fugitive mark sheridan, suspect in 2 murders at the u.n. 6 months ago.
though unconfirmed, sources report barrows may be implicated with sheridan for selling top-secret documents to the chinese government.
deputy u. s. marshal noah newman was also killed as sheridan eluded police in a spectacular escape leaping onto the roof of a moving subway, then stealing a car.
he'll say "diplomatic immunity." all we can do is deport him.
we could teach him our values, what it means to be an individual.
if it were to be assimilated, the collective would be more powerful.
what i'm proposing is the only defence against that, short of murder, and that's an order i prefer not to give.
as i recall, seven, there were a few crewmembers who had similar doubts about you.
they used to shoehorn half a dozen cadets into one of these things for weeks at a time.
you did not want to be around when they opened up that airlock.
if we fail... if the drone were to be assimilated, the collective would become far more powerful.
what i'm proposing is the only defense we have against that possibility, short of murder and that's an order i'd prefer not to give.
i am to instruct the drone in the ways of humanity.
think of it as first contact... and you are our ambassador.
they used to shoehorn half a dozen cadets into one of these things for weeks at a time.
you did not want to be around when they opened up that airlock.
if we fail... if the drone were to be assimilated, the collective would become far more powerful.
what i'm proposing is the only defense we have against that possibility, short of murder and that's an order i'd prefer not to give.
i am to instruct the drone in the ways of humanity.
think of it as first contact... and you are our ambassador.
on the grave of my father, i never wanted to upset you.
but you have no idea how tough it is for two young people starting out these days.
- and i sent you a fruit basket for christmas, didn't i?
i took all the profilts from your protection rackets... and used them to upgrade your bootlegging operation.
on the books, i accidentally lowered your costs by a nickel instead of a dime.
now, when i realized my mistake, i went to speak to you about it.
i hid it on the books and beefed up petty cash.
and i knew that a big man like angelo provolone... wouldn't begrudge his future son-in-law a nickel... which i plan to give to your daughter anyway.
if you didn't upset me like this yesterday... you'd be wearing a cement kimono!
- you don't have to give me your answer right now.
there was a scene where a girl... made her parents think she was pregnant... and they were forced to let her marry her boyfriend.
but if i told daddy i was pregnant, he'd kill me.
listen, of all the guys in the world, why did you pick me?
because i wanted anthony to think that i came from a wealthy family.
i got fabrizio, i got antonio, i got mario, i got big luigi...
i got little luigi, i got luigi jr, i got guiseppe and i got figaro.
but, anthony, if it's the jewels you want, you can have 'em.
just keep your part of the bargain and marry my daughter.
young man, i've made a serious study of the english language.
in my travels, i've uncovered 2,700 sub-dialects... in the united states alone.
he's your third filanc today, and it's not even lunch yet!
look, mr provolone, now that she has a husband, can i have back the statement i signed?
now you're tryin' to tell me you stole another 50,000 clams... since the last time i saw you?
remember that dummy corporation i set up for you to hide your protection income?
correct me if i'm wrong, but i think... for the dough that i am putting in, i deserve a vote.
and with all due respect, gentlemen, may i call attention to addendum b?
i was just sayin' to sofila this morning that... we gotta have the toomeys over for tea.
you don't really think we're in business with these people, do you, offilcer?
geez, i'm used to dealing with mobsters, bootleggers and gonzos... but you bankers are scary.
- i have never been so insulted in all my life.
when we stepped in, callisto decided to take one of the other priests.
do you think it's possible that callisto could end up like the other gods?
callisto killed strife using a dagger of hind's blood and then hercules forced her through the gate into that other world.
what i want to know is how she got through that gate.
your parents used to get so upset at us for swimming there.
and we would nod our heads and we'd say "we'll never do it again.".
what happened to the girl that i knew, who had a mind of her own?
i just can't believe that you'd blindly follow dahok and his followers.
when the goddess is reborn, she will return from the sister peaks.
the bringer of the destroyer will wash the land of its sins.
so whatever happens i gotta take her out of the picture.
the villagers mentioned a drifter who'd been stealing food from the markets.
i just can't help thinking that she was a child when she did all those things.
and my son was only a child when she killed him.
it was the only way that we could get to her in time.
if we waited, hope would just choose a new priestess of the blood.
[ man narrating ] in a time of ancient gods -- [ xena yells ] warlords and kings, a land in turmoil cried out for a hero.
she was xena, a mighty princess forged in the heat of battle.
callisto kills strife using a dagger with hind's blood, and then hercules forced her through gate into that other world.
what i want to know is, how she got through that gate.
yes, i know dahak has a plan, and yes, i know people must die, but it's for the greater good.
don't tell me about the greater good because you have no idea what it means.
can you explain it to me because i don't know what it means.
it's a time when she becomes her destiny and she emerges stronger and more powerful.
the villagers mentioned a drifter who'd been stealing food from the markets.
by the description, it sounds like the priest we saw with seraphin.
had they stopped six months before the end of the war... and dedicated that energy towards strengthening themselves... they may have carried on the war a little longer.
but it was more important to them to kill the jews... than even winning the war.
this magnificent parliament building... saw the best and the worst in hungarian history.
the bulk of the jews in budapest... were utterly assimilated, deeply patriotic... and enormously proud of their hungarian cultural heritage.
they would come and tell stories... and i remember, very often... we didn't believe them.
i heard a conversation between my father and another man... and he was telling my father... what the nazis are doing in poland.
because they were already there... with the people that lived there the whole time... and did their dirty work.
most of them were people... that we thought were our friends all these years... but they turned overnight on us and went with the other side.
and the next restriction... was that the jew cannot walk out on the street... without a yellow star.
we heard that in germany... they had to wear the yellow star before they were taken away.
i was put into a forced-labor camp... in a place north of budapest... which had an important railroad bridge.
and our job was to repair the railroads... the lines, the bridges-- nonstop-- while the british and americans were bombing day and night.
we were obviously worried that we would die... but we were also hoping that the bombers... will hit all of their targets and destroy this bridge... because that was the way to defeat hitler.
i escaped from that labor camp... and i joined the hungarian underground.
it had a shiny satin finish... and a print of multicolored flowers.
and then in the afternoon... when i heard the soldiers' boots coming up the stairs...
i couldn't imagine... that they'd just take out people from their homes... because they are jewish.
our friends, so-called, and neighbors... they were standing lined up alongside of the road... and they were yelling, "it's about time."
and by then... the whole european jewry was already in camps... which we didn't know.
the concentration, ghettoization... and deportation took place in a concentrated manner-- that is, within twelve weeks.
we had to change the sheets, because the roof was sheets... and we were always wet.
there were thousands of people there... because they came from the whole county.
and everybody, voluntary, gladly went on the train... because this was hell.
and going to work in a vineyard was like going to heaven.
when they closed the doors-- when i heard that knock on the outside... like a bolt closing us in there-- it wasn't normal anymore.
i didn't accept they were running out of the other trains.
you were a hunted animal twenty-four hours every day... and you didn't know if anybody you encountered... was really on your side.
had it not been for wallenberg... neither i nor the other tens of thousands... would have ever survived.
raoul wallenberg arrived when all of hungary... with the exception of budapest, was already free of jews.
he went to budapest at a time when, in the countryside... the jews had already been put into cattle cars... and shipped away from hungary.
and he decided to join the swedish embassy there... for the sole purpose of trying to save jewish lives.
by issuing so-called swedish protective passports... he declared that the individual who had this document... at the end of the war, planned to go to sweden.
if german soldiers... or hungarian nazi soldiers were suspicious... they ordered us to take down our pants... because we were the only people who were circumcised.
one day, i had on my body, strapped around... the fake passports i was delivering to these people... so they could get out of the building... and i miscalculated.
i came out in front of the building... where two soldiers were guarding the building.
i started running as fast as i could... crossing the street back and forth.
when they opened the doors suddenly... and suddenly the light hit you--
and because you had your eyes for four or five days shut... or used to this darkness, you're almost blinded.
we were so happy because we were going to get air.
we were going to get off and maybe go to the bathroom... like normal people... and have water and maybe some food.
my mother was taken straight from the railroad station... to the gas chambers.
by the time my sister and i were processed into the camp... my mother was no longer alive.
and we were told we were going to be taking a shower... after this horrendous journey.
and we are going to refresh ourselves... and then we'll be assigned to our work.
then i remembered the diamonds and grabbed my blue skirt... and in the crowd, you know...
i just took out the diamonds and held them in my hands.
i kept remembering how i wore there on the swimming pool... and how the boys were whistling at me... and my friends were so jealous.
and now i'm gonna take it off, and i'm gonna leave it here.
we walked into the shower room... and the dressing room was locked behind us.
and a commando came in... and removed all our belongings right away.
and at the door they had a pile of clothes... and they ordered everybody to pick one piece of clothing.
we waited till about midnight, and then they permitted us... to walk into one of these wooden barracks.
this man who was helping everybody... who was the kindest human being.
i just couldn't imagine how would he feel... if he saw us with the shaved heads in this rag.
and they set up these tables... and at each table sat a few girls... with these huge books opened in front of them.
and we presumed that they are going to put our name in it... and the number that they are going to give us.
and then we realized that they are putting this number... on our flesh, on our arms.
they took five of us and put drops in our eyes.
somebody had to really put on a map this kind of efficiency.
the whole time i was in the camp... through the experiments, every time i was selected...
we were allowed to go to the latrine once a day.
i never sat on the hole because i had to find my diamonds.
one day, the ss woman walked by the door... and she saw me in the corner.
and i already had the diamonds in the hand... and usually i was waiting until on the way back...
i would rinse them off in the mud... or if there was no mud... in the soup that we were gonna get next.
but i had no time, and i had to swallow them.
people couldn't endure all this pain... the conditions and the hunger and the lice.
the lice were as big as my pinkie nail... embedded into our bodies.
when we arrived to auschwitz... thousands and thousands of people were cremated every day.
the nazis used jewish inmates, a special sonderkommando... to remove the bodies from the gas chambers... and taking the bodies into the crematorium.
as far as i know, there is only four of us... that worked in the sonderkommando alive today.
and we are the only eyewitness... that saw the whole thing from "a" to "z"... how the final solution was done.
those who could not keep pace were simply shot by the wayside.
if anybody tries to run away... or do anything that is not permitted... will be shot on the spot.
there were three of us friends together up to that point.
and we swore that we would sacrifice... each other's life for each other... that we would never let each other down.
one of the three had a knee injury and had gangrene.
one of the soldiers noticed him limping... so he comes up, and he wants to shoot him.
if you can imagine that every morning... my job was for a while--
i had to go barrack to barrack to barrack... and take those bodies and bring them to the crematorium.
we didn't know what they mean by americans... and they were pointing up to the sky.
planes came out from behind the mountains, from nowhere... and they just bombed the convoy.
that's when i found out the first time... that the united states was at war.
it was april 29th when i was ordered to go to dachau.
actually, it was the night of the 28th... and we were ordered to take off... as fast as possible to get to dachau... not knowing what we were facing.
we thought it was a german military camp... that we were going in to take... and therefore we were gonna capture the people inside it.
and then we saw the american soldiers... climbing and crawling and shooting... and then we saw german soldiers coming from that direction.
as they met here in the center, the germans gave up.
a few came out first... then more came out and more came out... and they kept coming toward us... because it was almost as if they realized-- and i guess they did-- they realized that we were different... that we were people coming to help them.
and the americans held the gun against the germans... but they didn't kill them.
we captured a german colonel, and i went back and told him... that we're gonna send you to our officers to talk to you... and he spit in my face... and i killed him.
it wasn't long before the war was over after that... but throughout those last days, we intended to stop germany... from ever having the opportunity... to stand up again and do this to anybody.
i've seen many a horrible sight... that two years in italy, france, and germany... but the worst i've ever seen in my life... were the survivors of the holocaust.
this is something which is... to this day i cannot forget.
we didn't know how we were going to make peace... with the outside world which didn't want us... and we didn't know... who we were going to find or not find.
they didn't know what to do with us... and they put us in a dp camp... which is a displaced persons camp.
and the closest one from where i was was in austria.
and all the survivors that had no other place to go... were in that camp.
after the soviet army liberated budapest... and i became a free human being again...
i did not know for months... whether my mother or other members of my family... would ever return.
i tried to be civilized... but he was very evasive... and i became very angry.
i kept thinking that thousands and thousands of people... died in his clinic.
i am going to go back to crematorium 5... because i know that my mother was taken there for sure.
i'm going to light some candles... and i know that i am not coming back here anymore.
i got a new letter from bergen-belsen... that they don't have edith lok.
they looked through their books... but they found an edith schwarz.
she died here, we think, on the 2nd of june 1945.
so all the people who died in those days... were buried here, one beside the next one.
finally, the search is over... and we know now what happened and when it happened.
i brought here my mother's prayer book... and here we will say for you... the prayers that's traditional... and light this candle in your memory... and remember you forever... as long as we live.
and these wonderful people slopped on... all the wonderful things on this metal tray.
and at the end of the line... there was a huge wicker basket of oranges... and a huge wicker basket of bananas.
my mother always taught me to do the right thing... and i didn't know what the right thing was.
so there was another huge sailor... and i asked him, "sir, do i take a banana...
i was really afraid the people were going to be hostile... that they were going to be accusing me of coming back... to take something away from them.
i was asked in a very nice way... am i planning to take my property... and come back to live there?
i will have a chance to go back to the united states to my home.
i saved the diamonds all the way-- all the way through the whole everything.
i had to cry so much... so i felt that the tears are appropriate for that... and i told my children that these diamonds... should go down from generation to generation... to the firstborn girl in the family... until...forever.
and you can see they are different shapes... and they're different cuts.
having been elected by my constituency in california... of some 600,000 people nine times... it all seems like a dream, and it all places... an incredible sense of responsibility on me.
as the only survivor of the holocaust... ever elected to the congress of the united states...
the central focus of my life obviously is human rights... because i am convinced that this is really the path... of a more civilized world.
my wife annette and i have known each other all our lives.
we grew up as children in budapest... and we have been married now for forty-seven years.
we have two daughters who early on came to us... and said that they planned... a special gift for their parents.
since our families were wiped out... they will give us a large family.
and we have been blessed with 17 wonderful grandchildren... and it's really the focus of our life.
so when we get together, we are quite a large group.
and the joy of sitting with my family... and looking around and saying that i was so close to death... and here i am sitting at a table... and there are eleven, twelve of us rejoicing life.
the holocaust has to be taught as a chapter... in the long history of man's inhumanity to man.
one cannot ignore the discrimination... inflicted on many people... because of race, color, or creed.
one cannot ignore the killing of christians... in the roman period.
the holocaust, perhaps, is the culmination... of the kind of horror that can occur... when man loses his integrity... his belief in the sanctity of human life.
- well, i have my emt certificate, after which i hope to become a paramedic, so...
- i figured that being a driver would give me ahead start on things in.
- i'll transform it to a dog and run right pass them)
- i'll transform it to a bird and fly right pass them.
- aren't we supposed to be back in the station right now?
- look, would you just sit there and shut the fuck up for 2 seconds?
- i suggest you to open the gentleman's shirt, turn on the defibrillator...
- and get busy with the panels or people'll forget him.
- the thing is we can only stay for, like 5 minutes...
- because this chick can go on all day about absolutely nothing.
- because i don't wanna tell you, i'm sorry about this, but i don't wanna get into it...
- because there are children next door, the next door neighbours got children...
- look, it's gonna go like that and like that, and like that, and like that...
- and it's gonna go all across the front house, and all the way down the other side...
i found and solved the problem, you can go away now, thanks.
- you are gonna give us both kicked out of here.
- no, i definitely don't think of you as some 'whatever'.
- if you worry about me, sleeping with you and forgeting, it won't happen.
- i've tried to meet someone since i moved here and it just hasn't happened.
- last place i expected to meet someone was suzie's house, so i guess it's gotta be fate, right?
- tom here will ask you some questions and he'll take care of you.
- miss, could you go get me a glass of water?
- mr. chen, is there some place private we can talk?
- there is a room...just go through that door, you can...use it.
- with gramps's death now there was gonna be a hole in his routine.
- all i could think about was how he was gonna fill this lack.
- i'd be lying if i said the only reason i didn't want jimmy to start shooting was because he didn't look like gramps.
- there was a second part of me that wanted to know how it would feel.
my friend's overdosed, i think he's had a crack or something.
- listen, i gotta go take my kit from the truck.
they didn't want to press any charges so that let this yo-yo walk.
- it'd be easy for me to blame jimmy for what happened.
i know this is hard for you to believe but the entire time you thought i had disappeared on p3r- 233 i was experiencing an alternate reality.
and you were there and you were there, and there's no place like home.
ok, uh, even if you did actually experience this alternate reality the fact that there were differences means we won't face the same fate.
yes, but the defining event- the death of ra- took place in both worlds.
let me first say that though illness stopped me from serving in the military i have great respect for those who do.
especially those who have made service of country their life's work as i have in my own way.
i am by nature suspicious of all things secretive be they in the government or inside the military service.
i believe that which grows in shadow but withers in the light of day does not belong on the vine.
i found several examples where you have averted tragedy on a global scale by the skin of your teeth, and virtually none where you found anything of worth.
however, since i have, on occasion, been wrong before the president of the united states has asked me to hear you out.
the stargate represents a giant step in our understanding of the universe.
we have learned more about astrophysics in these few months than in the last 50 years!
it also gives us insights into cultures that are thousands of years old.
dr jackson, i'm sure as a scholar of ancient mythology you are familiar with the story of pandora.
and from it sprung all the plagues and evil that exist now in this world.
and, keeping in mind that this is a myth, she closed it in time to keep hope inside.
i gave the president my word i would give you a fair hearing and i intend to do that.
he held you and your team up as a shining example of the fine work the sgc is doing.
we were not afraid then and we tried to greet them.
one of them touched us as you did and was destroyed by our energy.
i don't want to appear callous, sir, but that's your problem not ours.
it will soon be yours as well, senator kinsey for the goa'uld are as powerful as they are evil.
i ordered the mountain sealed off, but you should order in an armoured division to set up a second line of defence.
well, my recommendation is anyone attempting to leave the mountain should be shot on sight and their body burned.
but if you hadn't found a cure so readily if it had reached the population, if the effects weren't reversible...
colonel o'neill, you very nearly died on another occasion when infected by, uh...
at the rate you're changing by the end of two weeks you'll be the equivalent of 100 years old.
we've given the nanocytes live tissue to interact with but they won't touch it.
that a ship larger than the pyramids will land on this mountain in a matter of weeks, maybe days?
- then i would be curious to know why you've waited until now to say so.
and if they do not come, which i think is infinitely more likely then at least pandora's box will have finally been closed once and for all.
now, if you will excuse me, i have business to attend to.
general hammond i would like to request permission to return through the stargate before it's permanently sealed.
if this world does not intend to continue its struggle against the goa'uld then here i do not belong.
an unofficial project that just happens to cost $7. 4 billion a year to operate.
the president thought if he granted the senator the appropriate clearances let him in on the existence of the sgc he'd recognise its importance to security and authorise the expenditure.
colonel samuels has been kind enough to brief me on the stargate and i have tried to maintain an open mind.
i must admit that i find the very idea of this facility, of this command, offensive.
we have learned more about astrophysics in these few months than in the last 50 years!
it also gives us insights into cultures that are thousands of years old.
despite the warning of her god, who was also her father, she did.
and from it sprung all the plagues and evil that exist now in this world.
and, keeping in mind that this is a myth, she closed it in time to keep hope inside.
then should we not close your gate for the same reason- to keep hope inside?
with all due respect, the accounting department is up on level 3, i believe.
but if you want to talk about maintaining the first line of defence against what i believe is the greatest enemy humanity has faced...
senator, we believe the goa'uld are about to launch an attack, in force, in ships.
then i think they'll regret taking on the united states military.
then you would be wise to heed our warning for when the goa'uld finally do come in force...and they will your citizens, as this world's strongest country, will be the first to die.
on your return from the chulak mission major kawalsky became infested with a goa'uld parasite.
on that occasion, with the loss of a fine officer, you did.
but consider the myriad plagues you could bring back through the stargate.
the general says gate travel to argos is offlimits for the next few, uh, millennia.
but we can send objects through, so ifyou need anything, just call.
we know how dangerous it is to do what we do, but also how important it is.
colonel o'neill, you're like reckless children and you're playing with fire.
if i didn't live through it, i wouldn't have, but it is a fact.
if you shut this programme down, we can't stop them before they get here.
all i know is the location they will launch their final attack from.
if you don't believe me, let us go there and find out!
now, if you will excuse me, i have business to attend to.
for what it's worth, i'm sorry it had to end like this.
an unofficial project that just happens to cost $7.4 billion a year to operate.
the president thought if he granted the senator the appropriate clearances,... ..let him in on the existence of the sgc,... ..he`d recognise its importance to security and authorise the expenditure.
let me first say that though illness stopped me from serving in the military,... ..i have great respect for those who do.
especially those who have made service of country their iife`s work,... ..as i have in my own way.
i am by nature suspicious of all things secretive,... ..be they in the government or inside the military service.
i believe that which grows in shadow but withers in the light of day... ..does not belong on the vine.
i found several examples where you have averted tragedy on a global scale... ..by the skin of your teeth, and virtually none where you found anything of worth.
however, since i have, on occasion, been wrong before,... ..the president of the united states has asked me to hear you out.
the stargate represents a giant step in our understanding of the universe.
we have learned more about astrophysics in these few months... ..than in the iast 50 years!
it also gives us insights into cultures that are thousands of years old.
dr jackson, i`m sure as a scholar of ancient mythology,... ..you are familiar with the story of pandora.
and from it sprung all the plagues and evil that exist now in this world.
and, keeping in mind that this is a myth, she closed it in time to keep hope inside.
with all due respect, the accounting department is up on level 3, i believe.
but if you want to talk about maintaining the first line of defence... ..against what i believe is the greatest enemy humanity has faced...
senator, we believe the goa`uid are about to launch an attack, in force, in ships.
then i think they`ii regret taking on the united states military.
i gave the president my word i would give you a fair hearing and i intend to do that.
he held you and your team up as a shining example... ..of the fine work the sgc is doing.
i ordered the mountain sealed off, but you should order in an armoured division... ..to set up a second line of defence.
well, my recommendation is anyone attempting to leave the mountain... ..should be shot on sight and their body burned.
at the rate you`re changing,... ..by the end of two weeks you`ii be the equivalent of 100 years old.
we`ve given the nanocytes live tissue to interact with,... ..but they won`t touch it.
we know how dangerous it is to do what we do, but also how important it is.
colonel o`neiii, you`re like reckless children and you`re playing with fire.
aii i know is the location they will launch their final attack from.
if you don`t believe me, iet us go there and find out!
now, if you will excuse me, i have business to attend to.
for what it`s worth, i`m sorry it had to end like this.
an unofficial project that just happens to cost $7. 4 billion a year to operate.
the president thought if he granted the senator the appropriate clearances let him in on the existence of the sgc he'd recognise its importance to security and authorise the expenditure.
colonel samuels has been kind enough to brief me on the stargate and i have tried to maintain an open mind.
i must admit that i find the very idea of this facility, of this command, offensive.
we have learned more about astrophysics in these few months than in the last 50 years!
it also gives us insights into cultures that are thousands of years old.
despite the warning of her god, who was also her father, she did.
and from it sprung all the plagues and evil that exist now in this world.
and, keeping in mind that this is a myth, she closed it in time to keep hope inside.
then should we not close your gate for the same reason- to keep hope inside?
with all due respect, the accounting department is up on level 3, i believe.
but if you want to talk about maintaining the first line of defence against what i believe is the greatest enemy humanity has faced...
senator, we believe the goa'uld are about to launch an attack, in force, in ships.
then i think they'll regret taking on the united states military.
we were not afraid then and we tried to greet them.
one of them touched us as you did and was destroyed by our energy.
i don't want to appear callous, sir, but that's your problem not ours.
it will soon be yours as well, senator kinsey for the goa'uld are as powerful as they are evil.
i ordered the mountain sealed off, but you should order in an armoured division to set up a second line of defence.
well, my recommendation is anyone attempting to leave the mountain should be shot on sight and their body burned.
but if you hadn't found a cure so readily if it had reached the population, if the effects weren't reversible...
colonel o'neill, you very nearly died on another occasion when infected by, uh...
at the rate you're changing by the end of two weeks you'll be the equivalent of 100 years old.
we've given the nanocytes live tissue to interact with but they won't touch it.
the general says gate travel to argos is offlimits for the next few, uh, millennia.
but we can send objects through, so ifyou need anything, just call.
we know how dangerous it is to do what we do, but also how important it is.
colonel o'neill, you're like reckless children and you're playing with fire.
if i didn't live through it, i wouldn't have, but it is a fact.
if you shut this programme down, we can't stop them before they get here.
all i know is the location they will launch their final attack from.
if you don't believe me, let us go there and find out!
now, if you will excuse me, i have business to attend to.
for what it's worth, i'm sorry it had to end like this.
ok, uh, even if you did actually experience this alternate reality, the fact that there were differences means we won't face the same fate.
yes, but the defining event - the death of ra - took place in both worlds.
colonel samuels has been kind enough to brief me on the stargate, and i have tried to maintain an open mind.
i must admit that i find the very idea of this facility, of this command, offensive.
the stargate represents a giant step in our understanding of the universe.
we have learned more about astrophysics in a few months than in the last 50 years!
it also gives us insights into cultures that are thousands of years old.
dr. jackson, i'm sure as a scholar of ancient mythology, you are familiar with the story of pandora.
despite the warning of her god, who was also her father, she did.
and from it sprung all the plagues and evil that exist now in this world.
and, keeping in mind that this is a myth, she closed it in time to keep hope inside.
then should we not close your gate for the same reason - to keep hope inside?
if they come in ships, we won't be any match for them.
at their level of technology, they can wipe us out from orbit.
we were not afraid then and we tried to greet them.
one of them touched us as you did and was destroyed by our energy.
i ordered the mountain sealed off, but you should order in an armoured division to set up a second line of defence.
my recommendation is anyone attempting to leave the mountain should be shot on sight...
but if you hadn't found a cure so readily, if it had reached the population, if the effects weren't reversible...
colonel o'neill... you very nearly died on yet another occasion when infected by, uh...
the nanocytes, the transmitters, everything that tampered with that world has been destroyed.
in fact, sg-2 just made contact with kynthia's planet a few weeks ago.
if i didn't live through it, i wouldn't, but it's a fact.
if you shut this programme down, we can't stop them before they get here.
the goa'uld believe they are gods, and your beliefs will not dissuade them.
if the goa'uld do come, then we will be able to tell them we have buried our gate for ever and will never step through it again.
and if they do not come, which i think is infinitely more likely, then at least pandora's box will have finally been closed once and for all.
now, if you will excuse me, i have business to attend to.
general hammond, i would like to request permission to return through the stargate before it's permanently sealed.
if this world does not intend to continue its struggle against the goa'uld, then here i do not belong.
an unofficial project that just happens to cost $7.4 billion a year to operate.
the president thought if he granted the senator the appropriate clearances let him in on the existence of the sgc he'd recognise its importance to security and authorise the expenditure.
colonel samuels has been kind enough to brief me on the stargate and i have tried to maintain an open mind.
i must admit that i find the very idea of this facility, of this command, offensive.
we have learned more about astrophysics in these few months than in the last 50 years!
it also gives us insights into cultures that are thousands of years old.
despite the warning of her god, who was also her father, she did.
and from it sprung all the plagues and evil that exist now in this world.
and, keeping in mind that this is a myth, she closed it in time to keep hope inside.
then should we not close your gate for the same reason-to keep hope inside?
with all due respect, the accounting department is up on level 3, i believe.
but if you want to talk about maintaining the first line of defence against what i believe is the greatest enemy humanity has faced...
senator, we believe the goa'uld are about to launch an attack, in force, in ships.
then i think they'll regret taking on the united states military.
i gave the president my word i would give you a fair hearing and i intend to do that.
he held you and your team up as a shining example of the fine work the sgc is doing.
i ordered the mountain sealed off, but you should order in an armoured division to set up a second line of defence.
well, my recommendation is anyone attempting to leave the mountain should be shot on sight and their body burned.
but if you hadn't found a cure so readily if it had reached the population, if the effects weren't reversible...
colonel o'neill, you very nearly died on another occasion when infected by, uh...
at the rate you're changing by the end of two weeks you'll be the equivalent of 100 years old.
we've given the nanocytes live tissue to interact with but they won't touch it.
we know how dangerous it is to do what we do, but also how important it is.
colonel o'neill, you're like reckless children and you're playing with fire.
if i didn't live through it, i wouldn't have, but it is a fact.
if you shut this programme down, we can't stop them before they get here.
all i know is the location they will launch their final attack from.
if you don't believe me, let us go there and find out!
now, if you will excuse me, i have business to attend to.
for what it's worth, i'm sorry it had to end like this.
an unofficial project that just happens to cost $7. 4 billion a year to operate.
the president thought if he granted the senator the appropriate clearances let him in on the existence of the sgc he'd recognise its importance to security and authorise the expenditure.
colonel samuels has been kind enough to brief me on the stargate and i have tried to maintain an open mind.
i must admit that i find the very idea of this facility, of this command, offensive.
we have learned more about astrophysics in these few months than in the last 50 years!
it also gives us insights into cultures that are thousands of years old.
despite the warning of her god, who was also her father, she did.
and from it sprung all the plagues and evil that exist now in this world.
and, keeping in mind that this is a myth, she closed it in time to keep hope inside.
then should we not close your gate for the same reason- to keep hope inside?
with all due respect, the accounting department is up on level 3, i believe.
but if you want to talk about maintaining the first line of defence against what i believe is the greatest enemy humanity has faced...
senator, we believe the goa'uld are about to launch an attack, in force, in ships.
then i think they'll regret taking on the united states military.
we were not afraid then and we tried to greet them.
one of them touched us as you did and was destroyed by our energy.
i don't want to appear callous, sir, but that's your problem not ours.
it will soon be yours as well, senator kinsey for the goa'uld are as powerful as they are evil.
i ordered the mountain sealed off, but you should order in an armoured division to set up a second line of defence.
well, my recommendation is anyone attempting to leave the mountain should be shot on sight and their body burned.
but if you hadn't found a cure so readily if it had reached the population, if the effects weren't reversible...
colonel o'neill, you very nearly died on another occasion when infected by, uh...
at the rate you're changing by the end of two weeks you'll be the equivalent of 100 years old.
we've given the nanocytes live tissue to interact with but they won't touch it.
the general says gate travel to argos is offlimits for the next few, uh, millennia.
but we can send objects through, so ifyou need anything, just call.
we know how dangerous it is to do what we do, but also how important it is.
colonel o'neill, you're like reckless children and you're playing with fire.
if i didn't live through it, i wouldn't have, but it is a fact.
if you shut this programme down, we can't stop them before they get here.
all i know is the location they will launch their final attack from.
if you don't believe me, let us go there and find out!
now, if you will excuse me, i have business to attend to.
for what it's worth, i'm sorry it had to end like this.
pamela marks told me that stuart hit her up for 20 grand.
a loan, which i'm sure he was never going to repay.
the same person who told us mr. wattman threatened to spread rumors about you.
mrs. marks, if we have to dig this up on our own...
you've been seen with mrs. crosby on her boat in the surfside marina every other week for the past few months.
if you're going to accuse me of cheating on my wife, the least you could do is keep your voice down.
and if lianne crosby tried to upset the apple cart for him...
you think that's what they were arguing about on the boat?
then i'll show her the memo listing all the prominent new yorkers immune from prosecution.
either put that gun in mr. pollock's hands or concede the motion to dismiss.
this card hasn't been used in the last 26 months, except for the annual fees, which are paid with money orders.
so, mr. robson, whoever he is, doesn't know there's a credit card out there with his name on it.
a plane reservation in the name of someone other than my client.
we have a record of a phone call his client made to adirondack air at the same time the reservation was made.
it's our belief mr. robson may be the victim of foul play, possibly at the hands of mr. pollock.
mr. mccoy, the dockmaster at the surfside marina, will he testify he actually saw the defendant and mrs. crosby together?
he saw the defendant in proximity to her boat at a time he knew mrs. crosby was on board.
and will the mechanic testify he saw the defendant with a.357 magnum?
first of all, you shouldn't even be talking to me ex parte.
secondly, if and when your motion to represent crosses my desk, you better have a lot more than that statement.
but within a few months, lianne turns up in new york.
and before you can say black widow, she's become mrs. henry crosby.
the lawyer at the foundation said joyce had some kind of accident a few weeks ago.
joyce pollock was spending the weekend at their cottage in sag harbor.
we have nothing to connect dennis or his mother to crosby's death, the attempt on joyce pollock, or the disappearance of alex robson.
we've sent what we have to the appropriate jurisdictions, maybe they can scare up a case against her.
mr. mccoy, all you really have against my client is the testimony of someone even you consider a multiple murderer.
the fact that your client is here means we've connected enough dots to satisfy judge barry.
or they can send him to a hospital for a few months.
we're amending our plea to not guilty by reason of mental disease or defect.
i hate to say it, but it might play to a jury.
at the very least, they might decide he was acting under extreme emotional disturbance.
according to our forensic psychiatrist, if mr. pollock really suffered from post-traumatic stress disorder, he'd avoid situations that reminded him of his trauma.
he certainly wouldn't get involved with a woman over twice his age.
it's his burden to show this defense is impossible as a matter of law.
mr. mccoy, if mr. metzler fails to make out the defense during trial,
it was hard providing for him, but i did the best i could, under the circumstances.
he testified that you ordered him to murder your husband, is that true?
they confirmed a roaming call from saratoga springs to denny's office.
she must've really believed he wouldn't try to kill her again.
your honor, we have determined the defendant acted in extreme emotional disturbance, and find him guilty of manslaughter in the first degree.
on the second count, in the wounding of lianne crosby, attempted murder in the second degree, how do you find?
 got to rise above it, got to try to get along 
 got to walk together, got to sing this song 
there's a reason it was the longest distance in the ancient olympics.
run the 5000, and you share something with those who've run it before.
when i talked to stewart and prefontaine i asked them how they thought the race might unfold.
it'll probably be down to viren and myself, with prefontaine trying to chase us down.
the university of oregon's physical education building was set on fire.
it's believed to be in protest of the vietnam war, since ro tc uniforms were stored there.
when students burn a campus building we must disassociate ourselves from that behavior.
i'm not suggesting that you support the vietnam war any more than i'm suggesting that this university should.
men of oregon i invite you to become students of your events.
running, one might say is basically an absurd pastime upon which to be exhausting ourselves.
while you're doing that, why don't you also figure out what university you expect to be running for next week.
has it ever occurred to you there's such a thing as over-coaching?
that would've added up to 13:06, compared with the 13: 12 you ran.
your need to take the lead from the start cost you a good 6 seconds.
i'm not going to sleep with you, and i'm not going to change.
we'll just keep doing this to each other over and over.
it's run by the aau the amateur athletic union, our national governing body.
its head, colin ponder, keeps us amateur and uncomfortable, while he hits on stewardesses and goes first-class all the way.
and nobody in america is worse about it than colin ponder.
our new legal eagle, frank shorter, showed kenny and me a directive where colin ordered us to switch meets when the reason for this trip was to beat the finns with the best times.
you'd give them the performance they want and him the one he expects.
you can call a race what you want, but i wouldn't call it a performance.
if you can't beat george young you can't win at munich.
beating george young is going to take some kind of time.
he's been gradually increasing the pace trying to run away from young.
now, less than 2 laps to go it is prefontaine a stride out in front of young.
call the embassy and get marine guards on these elevators around the clock, no matter what.
that might offend the germans and piss off the olympic committee.
when i talked to stewart and prefontaine i asked them how they thought the race might unfold.
i'd like to work it out so that in the end it comes down to a pure guts race.
and he's inexperienced enough not to know how good the others are.
as they come up with 2 to go, viren states his intention now.
i nearly did talk to you yesterday, but you looked busy.
the trouble is, since munich, i've hated myself too much to feel i can say anything to someone i love.
one of america's best hopes for the 1976 olympics runner steve prefontaine, is dead.
america's leading long-distance runner was killed last night in a car accident.
just hours before his death, the 1972 olympic runner took part in a meet at the university of oregon.
during his career, he set records in almost every long-distance event.
pre did everything on a track just about everything on a track that a runner can do.
one thing pre cherished most that he never got was the world record at 3 miles.
we'll deliver it in 12 minutes, 36 seconds then we'll stop the clock and as far as we're concerned, pre will have his record.
all of my life man and boy i've operated under the assumption that the main idea in running was to win the damn race.
your smiling face, your kind embrace, have made my home a happy place!
and i'm so happy you're the one, to whom i gave my loving son.
i will just take a chicken out of the freezer... because queen bernice... doesn't like ham.
okay, look, i'll just call her and tell her we can't make it.
first of all, eric, i'm the one who says "hold it."
when you pay the bills, you get to say "hold it."
i don't mean to bother you on your day off... but i promised to help out with grandma and i have a term paper due tomorrow.
if you could either get her to leave early today... or burn down the school tomorrow.
your smiling face... your kind embrace has made my home a happy place.
and i'm so happy you're the one... to whom i gave my loving son.
i will just take a chicken out of the freezer... because queen bernice... doesn't like ham.
okay, look, i'll just call her and tell her we can't make it.
first of all, eric, i'm the one who says "hold it."
when you pay the bills, you get to say "hold it."
i don't mean to bother you on your day off... but i promised to help out with grandma and i have a term paper due tomorrow.
if you could either get her to leave early today... or burn down the school tomorrow.
your smiling face... your kind embrace has made my home a happy place.
and i'm so happy you're the one... to whom i gave my loving son.
i will just take a chicken out of the freezer... because queen bernice... doesn't like ham.
okay, look, i'll just call her and tell her we can't make it.
first of all, eric, i'm the one who says "hold it."
when you pay the bills, you get to say "hold it."
i don't mean to bother you on your day off... but i promised to help out with grandma and i have a term paper due tomorrow.
if you could either get her to leave early today... or burn down the school tomorrow.
your smiling face... your kind embrace has made my home a happy place.
and i'm so happy you're the one... to whom i gave my loving son.
when you pay the bills, you get to say "hold it."
now get in the car, 'cause we're going to church... and we're gonna have a damn nice sunday.
and i'm so happy you're the one... to whom i gave my loving son.
and i'm so happy you're both happy... 'cause otherwise life would be crappy.
you know, another slice of americana brought to you by those card-carrying lunatics who think they're defending the second amendment.
lord knows, when i want the constitution explained to me, the first place i turn to is to some toothless cretin with a third grade education and an elmer fudd cap.
just lock up the damn gun so when little billy bob, you know, flunks gym, he doesn't have a hissy fit and take out half the faculty.
reg, we gotta get to the paper before he does so we can cut out everything that'll piss him off.
i got the seventh biggest restaurant supply business in the tri-state area.
a couple of terrific kids, and a wife with two of the greatest knockers money can buy.
how smart do you think it is to tick off the person who makes your food?
'cause i could slip in all kinds of nasty things, and you'd never taste it.
a couple weeks, you're gonna be flat on your back, your legs up in the air, screaming like a banshee.
pretty much what put you in that condition in the first place.
i know my limitations, and i'm so far past them, you have no idea.
oh, that reminds me, there's some cups in the bathroom with pee in them.
you know, some kid in west virginia gets a bad grade, grabs his daddy's rifle, and shoots out his teacher's tires.
you know, another slice of americana brought to you by those card-carrying lunatics who think they're defending the second amendment.
if it makes you feel more like a man to blow bambi's head off, knock yourself out.
just lock up the damn gun so when little billy bob, you know, flunks gym, he doesn't have a hissy fit and take out half the faculty.
a couple of terrific kids, and a wife with two of the greatest knockers money can buy.
so, miss all-that, you may have chilled bob in high school, but out here in life, well, who's the loser now?
on his previous visit, bob may have been a tad harsh.
true, you were a stuck-up bitch in high school, but bygones are bygones.
can you believe that little creep just walks in here and calls me a loser?
i mean, maybe this isn't tavern on the green, but that doesn't make me a loser.
got any words of wisdom to get me through the night?
you know, what i like to do is, uh, find someone who's even more miserable than me.
i'm just gonna go grab some chinese food and go home.
wait a minute, i thought you were gonna go to a ranger game with that, uh, friend of yours.
i really can't stand the way he never pulls his pants up.
i swear to god, i get physically ill looking at that.
you want me to throw any of your laundry in with mine?
no need for us to do any more loads then we have to.
and it's great because it leaves more time for atari that way.
could she put a spell on you to make your pants stay up?
that's why he went on and on all night about my butt!
i'm just not comfortable with guys looking at me like that!
you know, i want to make sure that your souls are at piece.
that you've been able to accept the passing of your friend.
you, brother ken, has got to keep satan out of your life.
the only way satan can get in is you ask him in.
and you're going to help him back to his resting place.
you're going to help him regain his dignity down in the ground.
i can't have my staff talking to journalists behind my back.
from now on, i take care of all the contacts with the media.
we think we know, but we can't get to him yet.
maybe he's scared, now because you know it's all about our class.
when she was 85 she sat with my brother and me and played poker.
she came down the stairs and did some funny dance moves.
we may have discounted aronsson too easily, he's not even been questioned.
his handicap could be a great way to get close to victims.
she wasn't on any school photos, but she was on the school register.
i was twelve years old when i was placed in foster care in sthammar.
they all believed that my mother was an air- hostess and my dad worked in the u.s.a.
until the priest whispered in a few ears some facts about my mother...
if we hadn't been so simplistic in our thinking, we might have got her in time.
678 01:22:55,378 -- 01:22:59,496 she was right in front of us.
gregory, please, would you explain to dharma why it is inappropriate for her to invite my maid to have lunch at my country club?
but first, explain to your mother that her maid is also a human being.
that although he thinks i walked in his garden and picked his flower that in truth i did not.
he wants to know then why you boast of picking the flower?
we didn't understand why we could live in the same house but not sleep in the same bed.
but we did it anyway, secretly and it all came out.
look, this line tells if you're going to be happy ornot.
and this means there's going to be a man in your life.
to be an anarchist in salt lake city was certainly no easy task, especially in 1985.
and having no money, no job, no plans for the future, the true anarchist position was, in itself, a strenuous job.
bob's irrational fear of needles was in contrast to everything you'd think about the guy.
i mean, to look at him, you'd think he was a madman, which he was.
but he was also one of the most uptight guys i'd ever met.
he didn't do anything about the cut on his hand, nothing.
so the water soaks through his pants and melts the acid which went through his pants onto the skin on his leg.
so you know, over a hundred hits of acid dissolved into sean's leg.
it's a crazy fucked-up world and we're all just barely floating' along, waitin' for somebody that can walk on water.
bob was like that, a real asshole when it came to reading into things.
it was the beginning of the fall and the rest of our lives.
we both graduated college after taking summer classes, a major feat, since our aim in college was to be as destructive as possible.
our mission, after leaving high school as two aspiring young punks,
i think the only two punks in salt lake city at the time, was to go to university and bring down the system.
you moved from new york city, the mecca and hub of the cultural world, to utah, nowhere, to change nothing, more to perpetuate this cycle of money, greed, fascism and triviality.
your movement of, by and for the people got you nothing.
to me, england was nothing more than a big american state like north dakota or canada.
you gotta look at me and say, "hey, why are you so mad?" and i'll tell you.
horses smell like shit to me and i don't fuck anyone in my own bloodline.
by definition, i'm not a redneck, and i ain't a fuckin' hick.
the one thing i do know is that we did it harder,
god damn it, we did it faster, and we definitely did it with more love, baby!
but everybody knew him, and all the tribes love him because he always had pot and acid.
what this crazy foreign fuck was doing behind this iron curtain, i had no idea.
i don't think anyone in utah really knew, but we did know that he was rich, loaded with killer bud and completely out of his fuckin' mind.
now, mark was rich, but not because he was a pusher, which he really wasn't.
so you'd have to sit through some bullshit if you wanted to score, because the one thing about mark, he loved company.
this looks like a silver record, but it's not a silver record.
he was always afraid of getting ripped off, yet at the same time, he ripped things off without shame or guilt.
chaos in man, although hopeful could also be, you know, a little tiresome.
and they just go ahead and try to take whatever they want.
it makes me want to kill, which i've done in the past, believe me.
my dad was next to the pilot, and he told us not to worry.
but, hey, even at five i knew we had trouble because the pilot was crying.
and then we hit the ground and something came through that plane and cut my mother's head off.
so now this head was flying straight at me and she never took her eyes off of me.
i saw my mother's arm, my sister's leg, my brother's head, but i couldn't find my father.
i wanted to, though, 'cause i was going to kick his fuckin' dead body.
i don't know why i'm telling you about him 'cause you'll meet him later.
now this girl, absolutely beautiful, sweet as pie is the greatest child god ever put on this earth, but you do not wanna mess with her when she hasn't had her medication in a dark, deserted alley.
we get in a lot of spats with mods, actually, but he's okay.
he's one of those kind of guys goes in between the tribes freely.
so we buy a beer, and this guy's callin' a squad car to follow us home.
'cause one look at us, and he knows, "gosh, those guys are gonna be trouble."
we looked suspicious, yes, but in all the years of pre-law,
i uncovered a lot of contradictions in the system, but i had found nothing that told me looking suspicious was a crime in and of itself.
excuse me, ma'am, but there have been floods and earthquakes since the beginning of time, dude.
that is so, but never have so many of satan's followers been amassed on the earth as there are now.
and the scripture states clearly that satan's followers will be in the majority and then god will raise his head and fire will spew from his snout and vengeance will burn in his eyes.
you have not seen such fury like the wrath of god.
not to mention that anarchy, a system-less society that i wanted, no government, no rules, that was the complete opposite of nazi fascism.
so we kicked the shit out of these kids every chance we could.
this contradiction was becoming clear to me in the fall of '85.
even as early as my first party, why did i love to fight?
rednecks kicked the shit out of punks, punks kicked the shit out of mods, mods kicked the shit out of skinheads, skinheads took out the heavy metal guys, the heavy metal guys beat the living shit out of new wavers,
and the new wavers did nothing, they were the new hippies.
now, there was this issue of a lifelong struggle with poverty, which was beginning to cause reflection to myself after i had run into someone from my past a few days earlier.
you guys wouldn't happen to have a dollar or a little somethin'?
i discovered then that chris was right, all things had systems, even me.
i was about to beat the shit out of this guy because he had invaded my territory.
it was my territory, no question about it, just like in the wild.
i was following nature, nature was order and order is the system.
he was me, harvard, my mom and dad, all of us.
jones was just making all of this up anyway, so who cared?
that's what i saw when i looked out over the city, nothin'.
how the mormon settlers looked upon this valley and felt that it was the promised land is beyond me.
this guy was one of the most hard-core sons of bitches i ever met, and he's going off to save the plants.
i remember this time he was drunk and he got the idea in his head that all the cars on his block would look better without windows.
the year was a waste, all right, but not the kind of waste i was looking for.
not a glorious wastefulness filled with parties and fights and good sex.
you see, the guy i am now is not the guy i was then.
if the guy i was then met the guy i am now he'd beat the shit out of me.
we should be going to parties, getting drunk, getting laid, being wild.
the last time we went to a party we got our asses kicked.
i could be a litigator in new york and piss the shit out of the judges.
i mean, that was me, a troublemaker, the future, one of those guys my parents so arrogantly saved the world for so we could fuck it up.
i mean, to look at him, you'd think he was a madman, which he was.
but he was also one of the most uptight guys i'd ever met.
you could tell how long he was being poisoned by following the traces of poison up his hair.
dude, dude, dude, if you do enough hits of it, you're dead.
so the water soaks through his pants and melts the acid which went through his pants onto the skin on his leg.
so you know, over a hundred hits of acid dissolved into sean's leg.
it was the beginning of the fall and the rest of our lives.
we both graduated college after taking summer classes, a major feat, since our aim in college was to be as destructive as possible.
our mission, after leaving high school as two aspiring young punks,
i think the only two punks in salt lake city at the time, was to go to university and bring down the system.
you moved from new york city, the mecca and hub of the cultural world, to utah, nowhere, to change nothing, more to perpetuate this cycle of money, greed, fascism and triviality.
your movement of, by and for the people got you nothing.
to me, england was nothing more than a big american state like north dakota or canada.
you gotta look at me and say, "hey, why are you so mad?" and i'll tell you.
horses smell like shit to me and i don't fuck anyone in my own bloodline.
by definition, i'm not a redneck, and i ain't a fuckin' hick.
the one thing i do know is that we did it harder,
god damn it, we did it faster, and we definitely did it with more love, baby!
what this crazy foreign fuck was doing behind this iron curtain, i had no idea.
i don't think anyone in utah really knew, but we did know that he was rich, loaded with killer bud and completely out of his fuckin' mind.
so you'd have to sit through some bullshit if you wanted to score, because the one thing about mark, he loved company.
this looks like a silver record, but it's not a silver record.
the main problem with mark was that he was intimidating, and he had a tendency to snap.
he was always afraid of getting ripped off, yet at the same time, he ripped things off without shame or guilt.
they tried to rob me, so i shot them in the head.
you have to put at least one bullet in the head just to make sure.
so i looked at my mom again, and she smiled at me again, and so this time i smiled.
and then we hit the ground and something came through that plane and cut my mother's head off.
and when i woke up, my family was all around me in pieces.
i saw my mother's arm, my sister's leg, my brother's head, but i couldn't find my father.
i don't know why i'm telling you about him 'cause you'll meet him later.
now this girl, absolutely beautiful, sweet as pie is the greatest child god ever put on this earth, but you do not wanna mess with her when she hasn't had her medication in a dark, deserted alley.
we get in a lot of spats with mods, actually, but he's okay.
he's one of those kind of guys goes in between the tribes freely.
'cause one look at us, and he knows, "gosh, those guys are gonna be trouble."
now, bob and i may not be innocent, but we are usually pretty law-abiding, usually.
as a matter of fact, they are some of the coolest guys i know.
the only reason half these guys start shit, it's not because they wanna fight me.
if somebody called me somethin' that i wasn't, i could see getting mad.
the problem with somebody giving you shit about being gay, it's not that they're wrong about you, it's that they're giving you shit.
excuse me, ma'am, but there have been floods and earthquakes since the beginning of time, dude.
that is so, but never have so many of satan's followers been amassed on the earth as there are now.
and the scripture states clearly that satan's followers will be in the majority and then god will raise his head and fire will spew from his snout and vengeance will burn in his eyes.
you have not seen such fury like the wrath of god.
not to mention that anarchy, a system-less society that i wanted, no government, no rules, that was the complete opposite of nazi fascism.
so we kicked the shit out of these kids every chance we could.
you know, i was just sitting over there in that chair in the corner.
i didn't really feel the particular urge to talk to anybody, and then i saw you walk in the room.
fighting appears to be chaos, and when we slam in a pit at a show, it is.
but when we fight for a reason, like rednecks, there is a system.
war implies extreme government, because wars are fought to enforce rules or ideals, even freedom.
but other people's ideals forced on someone else, even if it is something like freedom, is still a rule.
never came back from florida, if that was where he was going.
rumor flew around that he had died in a plane crash like he was supposed to all those years ago.
now, there was this issue of a lifelong struggle with poverty, which was beginning to cause reflection to myself after i had run into someone from my past a few days earlier.
you guys wouldn't happen to have a dollar or a little somethin'?
"we should go down around the sierras and get to california."
they got in a fight, and this guy killed one of the members of the donner party.
if she told me to cut off my left arm, i'd probably do it.
if she told me to lick a cop's asshole, i'd probably do it.
i stopped taking my medications, and everything feels so much better.
chris told me to stop taking them 'cause then i would believe in god and i would dissolve.
i was about to beat the shit out of this guy because he had invaded my territory.
it was my territory, no question about it, just like in the wild.
he was me, harvard, my mom and dad, all of us.
jones was just making all of this up anyway, so who cared?
i mean, that was me, a troublemaker, the future, one of those guys my parents so arrogantly saved the world for so we could fuck it up.
i could do a hell of a lot more damage in the system than outside of it.
to be an anarchist in salt lake city was certainly no easy task... especially in 1985.
and having no money, no job... no plans for the future... the true anarchist position was, in itself, a strenuous job.
i mean, to look at him, you'd think he was a madman, which he was.
but he was also one of the most uptight guys i've ever met.
you could tell how long he was being poisoned... by following the traces of poison up his hair.
dude, dude, dude, if you do enough hits of it, you're dead.
so he takes off running... and he's running through the track field... and the sprinklers are on.
so the water soaks through his pants... and melts the acid which went through his pants... onto the skin on his leg.
it's a crazy fucked-up world... and we're all just barely floating' along... waitin' for somebody that can walk on water.
bob was like that... a real asshole when it came to reading into things.
it was the beginning of the fall and the rest of our lives.
we both graduated college and were taking summer classes... a major feat, since our aim in college was to be as destructive as possible.
our mission, after leaving high school as two aspiring young punks...
i think the only two punks in salt lake city at the time... was to go to university and bring down the system.
you moved from new york city... the mecca and hub of the cultural world, to utah... nowhere... to change nothing...
more to perpetuate... this cycle of money, greed, fascism and triviality.
your movement of, by and for the people got you nothing.
you just hide behind some lost sense of drugs, sex, rock and roll.
sure, there was a lot more punks than there was four years earlier... but there was also as many posers.
posers were people that looked like punks, but they did it for fashion.
you gotta look at me and say, "hey, why are you so mad?" and i'll tell you.
'cause for all the fawning that went over the english bands in s.l. c... those fuckin' english chaps could only say shit about us americans.
i don't know who started it, and i don't give a fuck.
the one thing i do know is that we did it harder... goddamn it, we did it faster, and we definitely did it with more love, baby!
one of these days we'll all be bored one of these days i'm comin' out strong
one of these days it's got to go one of these days i'm comin' out strong
what this crazy foreign fuck was doing behind this iron curtain, i had no idea.
i don't think anyone in utah really knew... but we did know that he was rich, loaded with killer bud... and completely out of his fuckin' mind.
his whole family died in a plane crash over in europe when he was five.
the thing was, he liked to buy stuff and show it off.
the main problem with mark... was that he was intimidating, and he had a tendency to snap.
he was always afraid of getting ripped off... yet at the same time, he ripped things off without shame or guilt.
they tried to rob me, so i shot them in the head.
you have to put at least one bullet in the head just to make sure.
so i looked at my mom again, and she smiled at me again... and so this time i smiled.
and then we hit the ground... and something came through that plane... and cut my mother's head off.
and when i woke up, my family was all around me in pieces.
i saw my mother's arm, my sister's leg... my brother's head... but i couldn't find my father.
you know a drunk's just gonna drink twice as many beers to get drunk.
so not only do you have a drunk on your hands... but you got a drunk who's fat and gross.
'cause one look at us, and he knows, "gosh, those guys are gonna be trouble. "
now, bob and i may not be innocent... but we are usually pretty law-abiding, usually.
as a matter of fact, they are some of the coolest guys i know.
the only reason half these guys start shit... it's not because they wanna fight me.
if somebody called me somethin' that i wasn't, i could see getting mad.
the problem with somebody giving you shit about being gay... it's not that they're wrong about you, it's that they're giving you shit.
that is so, but never have so many of satan's followers... been amassed on the earth as there are now.
and the scripture states clearly... that satan's followers will be in the majority... and then god will raise his head... and fire will spew from his snout... and vengeance will burn in his eyes.
you have not seen such fury like the wrath of god.
so you guys have lots of devil worshipers around these parts?
you know, i was just sitting over there in that chair in the corner.
i didn't really feel the particular urge to talk to anybody... and then i saw you walk in the room.
fighting appears to be chaos, and when we slam in a pit at a show, it is.
but when we fight for a reason, like rednecks, there is a system.
war implies extreme government... because wars are fought to enforce rules or ideals, even freedom.
but other people's ideals forced on someone else... even if it is something like freedom, is still a rule.
never came back from florida, if that was where he was going.
rumor flew around... that he had died in a plane crash like he was supposed to all those years ago.
why not finish the process, and in the best possible way?
that's so funny, because, gosh, father... don't even remember applying to harvard law.
i stopped taking my medications, and everything feels so much better.
chris told me to stop taking them 'cause then i would believe in god... and i would dissolve.
i was about to beat the shit out of this guy because he had invaded my territory.
it was my territory, no question about it, just like in the wild.
this guy was one of the most hard-core sons of bitches i ever met... and he's going off to save the plants.
i remember this time he was drunk... and he got the idea in his head that all the cars on his block... would look better without windows.
the year was a waste, all right, but not the kind of waste i was looking for.
not a glorious wastefulness filled with parties and fights and good sex.
bob's irrational fear of needles... was in contrast to everything you'd think about the guy.
i mean, to look at him, you'd think he was a madman, which he was.
but he was also one of the most uptight guys i've ever met.
he didn't do anything about the cut on his hand... nothing.
so the water soaks through his pants... and melts the acid which went through his pants... onto the skin on his leg.
so you know, over a hundred hits of acid... dissolved into sean's leg.
bob was like that... a real asshole when it came to reading into things.
he liked to wrap things up into neat little packages that implied the world.
we both graduated college and were taking summer classes... a major feat, since our aim in college was to be as destructive as possible.
our mission, after leaving high school as two aspiring young punks...
my father was hell-bent on getting me to go to harvard law school, like he did.
my father tried to get me to go right after i graduated high school.
more to perpetuate... this cycle of money, greed, fascism and triviality.
your movement of, by and for the people got you nothing.
to me, england was nothing more than a big american state... like north dakota or canada.
you gotta look at me and say, "hey, why are you so mad?" and i'll tell you.
horses smell like shit to me... and i don't fuck anyone in my own bloodline.
by definition, i'm not a redneck, and i ain't a fuckin' hick.
one of these days it's got to go one of these days i'm comin' out slow
one of these days we'll all be bored one of these days i'm comin' out strong
but everybody knew him, and all the tribes love him... because he always had pot and acid.
what this crazy foreign fuck was doing behind this iron curtain, i had no idea.
i don't think anyone in utah really knew... but we did know that he was rich, loaded with killer bud... and completely out of his fuckin' mind.
now, mark was rich, but not because he was a pusher, which he really wasn't.
so you'd have to sit through some bullshit if you wanted to score... because the one thing about mark, he loved company.
this looks like a silver record, but it's not a silver record.
he was always afraid of getting ripped off... yet at the same time, he ripped things off without shame or guilt.
chaos in man, although hopeful... could also be, you know, a little tiresome.
and they just go ahead and try to take whatever they want.
it makes me want to kill... which i've done in the past, believe me.
my dad was next to the pilot, and he told us not to worry.
but, hey, even at five i knew we had trouble because the pilot was crying.
and then we hit the ground... and something came through that plane... and cut my mother's head off.
so now this head was flying straight at me... and she never took her eyes off of me.
i saw my mother's arm, my sister's leg... my brother's head... but i couldn't find my father.
i wanted to, though... 'cause i was going to kick his fuckin' dead body.
you know a drunk's just gonna drink twice as many beers to get drunk.
so not only do you have a drunk on your hands... but you got a drunk who's fat and gross.
'cause one look at us, and he knows, "gosh, those guys are gonna be trouble."
now, bob and i may not be innocent... but we are usually pretty law-abiding, usually.
as a matter of fact, they are some of the coolest guys i know.
the only reason half these guys start shit... it's not because they wanna fight me.
if somebody called me somethin' that i wasn't, i could see getting mad.
the problem with somebody giving you shit about being gay... it's not that they're wrong about you, it's that they're giving you shit.
that is so, but never have so many of satan's followers... been amassed on the earth as there are now.
and the scripture states clearly... that satan's followers will be in the majority... and then god will raise his head... and fire will spew from his snout... and vengeance will burn in his eyes.
you have not seen such fury like the wrath of god.
so you guys have lots of devil worshipers around these parts?
you know, i was just sitting over there in that chair in the corner.
i didn't really feel the particular urge to talk to anybody... and then i saw you walk in the room.
fighting appears to be chaos, and when we slam in a pit at a show, it is.
but when we fight for a reason, like rednecks, there is a system.
war implies extreme government... because wars are fought to enforce rules or ideals, even freedom.
but other people's ideals forced on someone else... even if it is something like freedom, is still a rule.
never came back from florida, if that was where he was going.
rumor flew around... that he had died in a plane crash like he was supposed to all those years ago.
why not finish the process, and in the best possible way?
that's so funny, because, gosh, father... don't even remember applying to harvard law.
i stopped taking my medications, and everything feels so much better.
chris told me to stop taking them 'cause then i would believe in god... and i would dissolve.
i was about to beat the shit out of this guy because he had invaded my territory.
it was my territory, no question about it, just like in the wild.
this guy was one of the most hard-core sons of bitches i ever met... and he's going off to save the plants.
i remember this time he was drunk... and he got the idea in his head that all the cars on his block... would look better without windows.
the year was a waste, all right, but not the kind of waste i was looking for.
not a glorious wastefulness filled with parties and fights and good sex.
bob's irrational fear of needles... was in contrast to everything you'd think about the guy.
i mean, to look at him, you'd think he was a madman, which he was.
but he was also one of the most uptight guys i've ever met.
he didn't do anything about the cut on his hand... nothing.
so the water soaks through his pants... and melts the acid which went through his pants... onto the skin on his leg.
so you know, over a hundred hits of acid... dissolved into sean's leg.
bob was like that... a real asshole when it came to reading into things.
he liked to wrap things up into neat little packages that implied the world.
we both graduated college and were taking summer classes... a major feat, since our aim in college was to be as destructive as possible.
our mission, after leaving high school as two aspiring young punks...
my father was hell-bent on getting me to go to harvard law school, like he did.
my father tried to get me to go right after i graduated high school.
more to perpetuate... this cycle of money, greed, fascism and triviality.
your movement of, by and for the people got you nothing.
to me, england was nothing more than a big american state... like north dakota or canada.
you gotta look at me and say, "hey, why are you so mad?" and i'll tell you.
horses smell like shit to me... and i don't fuck anyone in my own bloodline.
by definition, i'm not a redneck, and i ain't a fuckin' hick.
one of these days it's got to go one of these days i'm comin' out slow
one of these days we'll all be bored one of these days i'm comin' out strong
but everybody knew him, and all the tribes love him... because he always had pot and acid.
what this crazy foreign fuck was doing behind this iron curtain, i had no idea.
i don't think anyone in utah really knew... but we did know that he was rich, loaded with killer bud... and completely out of his fuckin' mind.
now, mark was rich, but not because he was a pusher, which he really wasn't.
so you'd have to sit through some bullshit if you wanted to score... because the one thing about mark, he loved company.
this looks like a silver record, but it's not a silver record.
he was always afraid of getting ripped off... yet at the same time, he ripped things off without shame or guilt.
chaos in man, although hopeful... could also be, you know, a little tiresome.
and they just go ahead and try to take whatever they want.
it makes me want to kill... which i've done in the past, believe me.
my dad was next to the pilot, and he told us not to worry.
but, hey, even at five i knew we had trouble because the pilot was crying.
and then we hit the ground... and something came through that plane... and cut my mother's head off.
so now this head was flying straight at me... and she never took her eyes off of me.
i saw my mother's arm, my sister's leg... my brother's head... but i couldn't find my father.
i wanted to, though... 'cause i was going to kick his fuckin' dead body.
you know a drunk's just gonna drink twice as many beers to get drunk.
so not only do you have a drunk on your hands... but you got a drunk who's fat and gross.
'cause one look at us, and he knows, "gosh, those guys are gonna be trouble."
now, bob and i may not be innocent... but we are usually pretty law-abiding, usually.
as a matter of fact, they are some of the coolest guys i know.
the only reason half these guys start shit... it's not because they wanna fight me.
if somebody called me somethin' that i wasn't, i could see getting mad.
the problem with somebody giving you shit about being gay... it's not that they're wrong about you, it's that they're giving you shit.
that is so, but never have so many of satan's followers... been amassed on the earth as there are now.
and the scripture states clearly... that satan's followers will be in the majority... and then god will raise his head... and fire will spew from his snout... and vengeance will burn in his eyes.
you have not seen such fury like the wrath of god.
so you guys have lots of devil worshipers around these parts?
you know, i was just sitting over there in that chair in the corner.
i didn't really feel the particular urge to talk to anybody... and then i saw you walk in the room.
fighting appears to be chaos, and when we slam in a pit at a show, it is.
but when we fight for a reason, like rednecks, there is a system.
war implies extreme government... because wars are fought to enforce rules or ideals, even freedom.
but other people's ideals forced on someone else... even if it is something like freedom, is still a rule.
never came back from florida, if that was where he was going.
rumor flew around... that he had died in a plane crash like he was supposed to all those years ago.
why not finish the process, and in the best possible way?
that's so funny, because, gosh, father... don't even remember applying to harvard law.
i stopped taking my medications, and everything feels so much better.
chris told me to stop taking them 'cause then i would believe in god... and i would dissolve.
i was about to beat the shit out of this guy because he had invaded my territory.
it was my territory, no question about it, just like in the wild.
this guy was one of the most hard-core sons of bitches i ever met... and he's going off to save the plants.
i remember this time he was drunk... and he got the idea in his head that all the cars on his block... would look better without windows.
the year was a waste, all right, but not the kind of waste i was looking for.
not a glorious wastefulness filled with parties and fights and good sex.
okay, i thought about it, and i'm going to the disco.
just on the off chance... they might mix up a little rock and roll, man.
my mind's always doing things that i don't even know about.
man, we always think of so many brilliant things down here... but then later, i can't remember any of them.
i'll bet that's how the writers at national lampoon do it.
yeah, i read somewhere that there are these people in france.
okay, i thought about it, and i'm going to the disco.
just on the off chance... they might mix up a little rock and roll, man.
my mind's always doing things that i don't even know about.
man, we always think of so many brilliant things down here... but then later, i can't remember any of them.
i'll bet that's how the writers at national lampoon do it.
yeah, i read somewhere that there are these people in france.
yeah, then we could play it back and write it down.
i'll bet that's how the writers at national lampoon do it.
yeah, then we could play it back and write it down.
i'll bet that's how the writers at national lampoon do it.
we have no way of knowing if it was him or not.
nor do we know what else he may have told her... which is why we must move quickly.
tonight, i'm supposed to be just a pretty face, thank you.
honorable guests, for your amusement, we present a maestro of magic.
the driver swears wonder woman tore open the crate and got her out.
we have less than 48 hours before i'm to deliver the gold to my buyer.
that magician at the hotel was up to something... that isn't in any of the books i've read.
i really do appreciate your concern, but as you can see, i'm okay.
maybe the magician is the same one that was at the reception.
tell her that wherever hutchins is, he must have the pendant...
i warn you, i'll see that it goes hard with you.
the pendant that was given to diana prince, where is it?
harold, i only thought that you'd be able to help me find that mime magician... who may have kidnapped dr. hutchins.
i really didn't think that we'd wind up at a symposium.
you're going to hyperventilate, and if you faint i'll have to carry you.
i know you're on spy business... but i hope we're here long enough to catch the great count cagliostro.
i would like to ask this volunteer to come up from the audience... and load this revolver with three silver bullets.
he will attest to the fact that they are real bullets, not blanks.
mr. vishal agnihotri, i defend cases in court to uphold justice.
i have not become a lawyer to defend murderers like you.
i don't want anything new to be added to your charge sheet.
i am not presenting you in court in the first few hearings.
during investigation, vishal was made to stay in hospital for about two hours.
to prove that, i'd like to present some witnesses and evidence in court.
for which, he had spent four nights in police lock up.
since then, the police considered him a thorn in their side.
and there is also a man like him sitting in that chair.
and people like them who act as audience and watch the fun.
mr. vishal agnihotri, the dgp must have told you about our committee.
i and the other members have been connected to various aspects...
normally, the law has only one way of looking at crime.
see the crime as is, give a befitting punishment for it.
but yours is the first case where the law has to deviate from norms.
the aspects of your crime that the police has kept before the court...
mr. nayar, when she was falling, couldn't you have saved her?
you have been handling all my jobs since the last 1 7 years.
sir, there is a bus stop near their colony, and a liquor den near it.
the girls who work return late at night have to cross that liquor den.
those who pass from here, their heart beats stop for a few moments.
you live in kandivli, have brought me a problem of the people of malad.
a lot is being written in the papers about the plot at kala chowk.
call all these journalists who are writing these reports to my office.
and one of those goons was nagesh, the son of jaspal rana.
the jaspal rana, who claims to be a leader and social worker...
you are aware that mr. rana has done many jobs for the welfare of people.
he always strives to do things in the interest of the society country.
because i am not a part of this crowd of dummies.
mr. rana is expressing remorse at the worsening situation in the city.
he is advising the police on how to keep the hooligans in check.
he stands on stage wearing a mask of a social worker...
so today i, sachdanand agnihotri, give the police an eye witness.
the police has recovered a body on the mahim railway tracks last night.
you have to go to gandhi memorial school at 1 1 am.
the kids that had died eating sweets on the independence day function...
there must be some people who's conscience is not dead yet.
those people will come on the streets and demand nagesh's arrest.
it won't take me long to break the charge sheet in court.
i won't allow any witness or evidence against nagesh in court.
he has not eaten a morsel since a day and a half.
just because he gave evidence, he has put himself into trouble.
i want to throw light on the basis of this case.
an ngo, to discuss the rising crime rate in the city...
at 1 1 pm, on worli naka, where thousands of people are around...
since there is a taxi stand on the left, a theater hospital on the right.
in such an atmosphere, some goons forcibly put a girl in a jeep.
none of the people present there hear her screams, except master.
but the next day, at cross maiden, his other facet came forward.
a man who stops himself from going to the police station...
i will prove that my every question is connected to this case.
now tell me, why did you work for only 4 years in a government school?
when i feed pigeons, my security guard fires a shot at them.
the police takes me in the police station through the back door.
your honour, a teacher holds an important place in my life.
i was very naughty when young, and it was a teacher who had reformed me.
being a man of law, i am trying to protect law.
on one hand, i am happy, and on the other, i regret...
that in this attempt, a teacher is being put to trouble.
so master, i am placing before the court what you saw, again today.
you saw this incident happen on the back road of chitra theater.
you were quite far away from worli naka, to the right of the taxi stand.
you are taking so long in explaining the incident to the court.
when will the court know the exact details of the incident that you saw.
but i want to tell you that i am not mad.
i have said what i saw, and i never lied in my life.
i have this pen in my pocket with which you write.
i know there is a clock on that wall and it's 4:38 right now.
the police has labeled me murderer, but i will be deemed a murderer... when the court will convict me.
and mr. khurana, for renowned lawyers like you, to save men like me... from the gallows, is petty job.
mr. vishal agnihotri, i defend cases in court to uphold justice.
i have not become a lawyer to defend murderers like you.
by wiping out those four men, i have done a good deed.
and i don't want to spend my life behind bars for it.
the man who the police is after... who is looking for a corner to hide himself... how will he arrange 100 million rupees?
mr. khurana, if i have been defamed, i have also earned a reputation.
your honour, i agree that whatever evidence i collected against vishal...
mr. khurana has been shattering those witnesses and evidence... since the last here hearings.
with his talent, mr. khurana... has succeeded in proving the truth to be false and vice versa.
but i have not yet given up hope... fearing that the court may give a wrong verdict.
setting free a murderer like vishal... will send a wrong signal to the youth of the country, that terrorism...
mr. sinha is deviating from the case... the proceedings of which are to prove... whether vishal is connected with these four murders or not.
so he is trying to probe matters... and also deviate from the case.
my lord, i want to go back to the argument we had in our last hearing.
during investigation, vishal was made to stay in hospital for about two hours.
to prove that, i'd like to present some witnesses and evidence in court.
my lord, it has been proved beyond doubt that my client... has no hand in any of the four murders.
now the question arises that why is an innocent youth... booked for four murders.
my lord, he is a victim of personal enmity with the police.
some time ago, he had protested against police atrocity... outside nana chowk police station.
since then, the police considered him a thorn in their side.
then, the police, to hide their failure prove their superiority... framed vishal for these murders.
after considering the entire proceedings... it is clear that the police has no concrete evidence or witness... on the basis of which the accused, vishal agnihotri can be proved guilty.
the arguments by the defense lawyer and the evidence presented... prove his innocence.
and there is also a man like him sitting in that chair.
and people like them who act as audience and watch the fun.
the incident of killing one's own defense lawyer in court... has shocked the city.
yesterday, during proceedings, the accused, vishal agnihotri... killed his defence lawyer
this 15 member committee will look into every aspect of vishal's case... and give its verdict.
look vishal, what you want or don't want... is definitely your personal view, your personal decision.
when your case is opened before the committee... people will get to know the truth.
our department's corrupt officials, who have supported wrong... those officials should be exposed.
mr. vishal agnihotri, the dgp must have told you about our committee.
i and the other members have been connected to various aspects... of law and administration.
see the crime as is, give a befitting punishment for it.
but yours is the first case where the law has to deviate from norms.
the aspects of your crime that the police has kept before the court... like your charge-sheet, the evidence witnessesinfavouroragainstyou... this committee has no intention of giving verdict... keeping only those in view.
this committee also wants to see the other aspect connected with this case.
naturally, i feel good, that i have upheld justice... and have done a good deed by punishing a criminal.
you feel good after doing a good deed, you don't feel remorse.
if your father lays hands on it, he'll only talk about them all day.
he had left at 6 in the morning, and is not back home yet.
go to the bank on your way and collect the pass book.
tell your mom to hide the newspaper in some good place next time.
mr. nayar, when she was falling, couldn't you have saved her?
you have been handling all my jobs since the last 1 7 years.
sir, there is a bus stop near their colony, and a liquor den near it.
the girls who work return late at night have to cross that liquor den.
a lot is being written in the papers about the plot at kala chowk.
call all these journalists who are writing these reports to my office.
- you realise how bad it is... to be young, when your elder starts bullying you.
my elder brother just wrote, without thinking how this will affect me.
i toiled hard day and night and became a rich man.
i don't want a good for nothing fellow to marry you... and usurp my property.
"my love, relent to what my heart says, it is pounding"
"my love, relent to what my heart says, it is pounding"
i saw some goons taking away a girl from the middle of the street.
and one of those goons was nagesh, the son of jaspal rana.
the jaspal rana, who claims to be a leader and social worker... is such a powerful leader today... that his son committed such a heinous crime on the street... and the police is hand in glove with him?
this 60 year old man who has seen us being freed from slavery... was helplessly watching this incident.
you are aware that mr. rana has done many jobs for the welfare of people.
he always strives to do things in the interest of the society country.
i request mr. rana to place his views before you and begin the meeting.
the worsening situation, the terror of goons... and the common man living in fear... that's the picture this city portrays.
whether home, workplace, or street, a man does not feel safe anywhere.
the state of affairs is such that hooliganism... goes on in broad daylight.
mr. rana is expressing remorse at the worsening situation in the city.
he is advising the police on how to keep the hooligans in check.
you have to go to gandhi memorial school at 11 am.
the kids that had died eating sweets on the independence day function... you have to congratulate them.
it won't take me long to break the charge sheet in court.
i won't allow any witness or evidence against nagesh in court.
he has not eaten a morsel since a day and a half.
just because he gave evidence, he has put himself into trouble.
your honour, before arguing on the charge sheet against nagesh rana...
i want to throw light on the basis of this case.
an ngo, to discuss the rising crime rate in the city... organizes a meeting at cross maidan... which is attended by top officers of the police, social workers... and also the press.
mr. jaspal rana is invited as chief guest for the meeting.
to the extent, that he accuses his son, nagesh of rape and murder.
he says he has seen nagesh and his friends pick a girl.
at 11 pm, on worli naka, where thousands of people are around... since there is a taxi stand on the left, a theater hospital on the right.
in such an atmosphere, some goons forcibly put a girl in a jeep.
but the next day, at cross maiden, his other facet came forward.
a man who stops himself from going to the police station... snatches the mike from jaspal rana in the presence of thousands of people?
this is not just a case where the life of a youth is involved.
even the reputation of a renowned social worker is at stake.
now tell me, why did you work for only 4 years in a government school?
because as a teacher, it was embarrassing for me to see... what was happening there.
and this money had been shared with others along with the principal.
the head clerk had a major hand in this entire episode.
the thoughts that trouble me, that i want to forget about... in court, the same things...
let me tell you, i am being troubled even outside court.
when i feed pigeons, my security guard fires a shot at them.
the police takes me in the police station through the back door.
so that the court doesn't do injustice... some matters have to be repeated in court.
even i feel sad seeing tension on the face of a teacher... standing in the witness box.
your honour, a teacher holds an important place in my life.
i was very naughty when young, and it was a teacher who had reformed me.
being a man of law, i am trying to protect law.
on one hand, i am happy, and on the other, i regret... that in this attempt, a teacher is being put to trouble.
on the night of 13th october... at 11 pm, you were passing through worli naka... and heard a girl scream.
you saw some goons kidnapping a girl... and putting her in a police jeep.
and if you were at mahalaxmi station at 11-11:30... then that train was not the last train.
i remember i got off at chembur station at 12: 27.
the vehicle in which the girl was put... is sometimes a police jeep, and sometimes, an ambulance.
you are taking so long in explaining the incident to the court.
when will the court know the exact details of the incident that you saw.
changing your statement every time makes it clear... you are out to hide some mistake, some lie.
for example, a crowd is watching a street show... but he feels someone is being beaten.
if they see someone running to catch a train or bus... they feel someone is trying to kill him.
i have understood that you want to prove in court... that sachdanand chaudhary, who is standing here is a mad man.
but i want to tell you that i am not mad.
i know you speak into a phone and write with a pen.
i know that woman there is my wife, and her name is gayatri.
terrians now have a more plantlike composition, given that their nutrients are absorbed by osmosis... and their symbiotic relationship with the planet.
does that mean... one day we'll be evolving to be more like terrians?
i thought it was just because i was coming down with something.
it's probably from being out in the cold so long yesterday.
what if your diaglove didn't detect some spores from a bazillion years ago?
who knows what kind of deadly microbes could have been released?
second, unlike terrians that we've encountered so far, this specimen possesses a spinal column and multiple vertebra.
and although more diminutive, residual muscle tissue still indicates great strength.
when you were on sentry, did you go into the alien tent, maybe- maybe bump into the lab table accidentally?
[ scoffs ] you couldn't drag me near that tent, devon.
[ inhales ] you're not giving in to this paranoia yourself,are you?
'cause if you are, you can always curl up next to baines in the trans-rover.
let's just pray it'll be able to smoke out whoever actually is the host.
he didn't seem any different than the morgan martin we've come to know and love.
it's not in their nature to fight one of their own.
i still don't understand what this has to do with me.
[ alonzo narrating ] they told me to return, and somehow i knew.
the only way to fight the demon's anger was to release my own.
along with talks of india's independence from britain came rumblings about its division into two countries, pakistan and india.
hindus, muslims, and sikhs who had lived together as one entity for centuries suddenly started to clamor for pieces of india for themselves.
if you want to save your lands, sher singh, become friends with the muslims.
even the british say you sikhs are a headache, a bloody nuisance.
yes, i've thrown grenades at hindus and sikhs who i've know all my life.
i want to kill someone for each breast they cut off my sisters.
two hundred and fifty years of the british empire ended in 1947, but what's there to show for it, except a country divided?
the massacres and kidnapping, vendettas and more violence, was it all worth it?
when the indian leaves his seat... the soldier helps himself to a large gulp from the bottle
"whenever the indian left his seat, the angrez emptied a bit"
i've concocted a new oil that grows hair on bald heads
"it comprises of fish oil, mustard oil, ground pearls and lots of herbs"
"in the ochre of her veil is painted my treasured shades of love"
"oh what bond is this that ties you to me, robs me of my sleep?"
"banno my princess, someday you had to go away to a king's palace..."
"you had to become a stranger to all of your friends"
"stray incidents of looting, arson and violence are reported from gurdaspur"
the city was under a 24-hour curfew for the third day
"yes, i lobbed grenades into several hindu homes, folks i knew all my life"
"for each of my sisters' breasts, i want to kill all the bastards"
later i heard somewhere that she was married to the ice-candy-wallah
somewhere i heard that she was seen in the brothels of lahore
"on that 1947-day, i had lost a part of myself with my nanny"
i was eight years old, living in lahore in march of 1947, when the british empire in india stafted to collapse.
along with talks of india's independence from britain came rumblings about its division into two countries, pakistan and india.
hindus, muslims, and sikhs who had lived together as one entity for centuries suddenly stafted to clamor for pieces of india for themselves.
if you want to save your lands, sher singh, become friends with the muslims.
even the british say you sikhs are a headache, a bloody nuisance.
yes, i've thrown grenades at hindus and sikhs who i've know all my life.
i want to kill someone for each breast they cut off my sisters.
two hundred and fifty years of the british empire ended in 1947, but what's there to show for it, except a country divided?
the massacres and kidnapping, vendettas and more violence, was it all wofth it?
seven million muslims and five million hindus and sikhs were uprooted in the largest and most terrible exchange of population known to history.
iwas eight years old, living in lahore in march of 1947, when the british empire in india started to collapse.
along with talks of india's independence from britain came rumblings about its division into two countries, pakistan and india.
hindus, muslims, and sikhs who had lived together as one entity for centuries suddenly started to clamor for pieces of india for themselves.
if you want to save your lands, sher singh, become friends with the muslims.
even the british say you sikhs are a headache, a bloody nuisance.
yes, i've thrown grenades at hindus and sikhs who i've know all my life.
i want to kill someone for each breast they cut off my sisters.
two hundred and fifty years of the british empire ended in 1947, but what's there to show for it, except a country divided?
the massacres and kidnapping, vendettas and more violence, was it all worth it?
seven million muslims and five million hindus and sikhs were uprooted in the largest and most terrible exchange of population known to history.
i was eight years old, living in lahore in march of 1947 when the british empire in india started to collapse
along with talks of india's independence from britain came rumblings about its division into two countries, pakistan and india
hindus, muslims, and sikhs who had lived together as one entity for centuries suddenly started to clamor for pieces of india for themselves
if you want to save your lands sher singh become friends with the muslims
even the british say you sikhs are a headache a bloody nuisance
seven million muslims and five million hindus and sikhs were uprooted in the largest and most terrible exchange of population known to history
i was eight years old, living in lahore in march of 1947 when the british empire in india started to collapse
along with talks of india's independence from britain came rumblings about its division into two countries, pakistan and india
hindus, muslims, and sikhs who had lived together as one entity for centuries suddenly started to clamor for pieces of india for themselves
if you want to save your lands sher singh become friends with the muslims
even the british say you sikhs are a headache a bloody nuisance
back in civil war days, we had names for guys like you.
they're pretty much like the names we have for you today.
then you do the presentation by yourself, because, thank god, i'm dead.
you know, as much as i like that... it's going to be tough to follow.
listen, if i don't come back, it's because i died of embarrassment.
i do declare, you look so very fine in your uniform.
you know, after all these years, you still have no idea, do you?
look, i know you have to be in the mood... but can't you just, this once, think like a man?
a woman says, "before i sleep with you, i want to feel close to you."
and i say, "you will feel very close to me when you are sleeping with me."
no, but just watching you play with the kids this morning... and then wearing these silly boxers that they gave you....
i don't know, just the fact that you're my husband, you take care of us... and the whole picture.
besides, they're your grandchildren, you love them... and you want to spend time with them on christmas, iike people.
i'm spending time with them here, and they're not breaking my stuff.
with scores like these, buffy, you could have a first-rate education.
i'm not suggesting that you ignore your calling, but you need to look to your future.
so i'm strolling through the park looking for a meal, and i happen to walk by, and she's making out with the chaos demon.
so i said "you know, i don't have to put up with this."
the last time i looked in on you two, you were fightin' to the death.
now you're back making eyes at each other like nothin' happened.
if he's so drunk, he'll get sloppy, and then i'll make my move.
as long as my move doesn't involve standing up or using my limbs, we'll be ok.
with scores like these, buffy, you could have a first-rate education.
i'm not suggesting that you ignore your calling, but you need to look to your future.
so i'm strolling through the park looking for a meal, and i happen to walk by, and she's making out with the chaos demon.
so i said "you know, i don't have to put up with this."
the last time i looked in on you two, you were fightin' to the death.
now you're back making eyes at each other like nothin' happened.
if he's so drunk, he'll get sloppy, and then i'll make my move.
as long as my move doesn't involve standing up or using my limbs, we'll be ok.
with scores like these, buffy, you could have a first-rate education.
i'm not suggesting that you ignore your calling, but you need to look to your future.
so i'm strolling through the park looking for a meal, and i happen to walk by, and she's making out with the chaos demon.
so i said "you know, i don't have to put up with this."
the last time i looked in on you two, you were fightin' to the death.
now you're back making eyes at each other like nothin' happened.
if he's so drunk, he'll get sloppy, and then i'll make my move.
as long as my move doesn't involve standing up or using my limbs, we'll be ok.
i'm not suggesting that you ignore your calling, but... you need to look to your future.
and with faith here... it may be that you can move on, for a time, at least.
yes, he was up to all sorts of shenanigans last year.
we had a world of fun trying to guess what he'd do next.
i don't think she's ready to process the information that... you and i are friends again.
anyway, i think this college jones is just a reaction to the whole slayer thing.
i happen to walk by, and she's making out with a chaos demon!
and i said, "you know, i don't have to put up with this."
i'm going to do what i should have done in the first place...
i'll find her, wherever she is... tie her up, torture her until she likes me again.
i'm not suggesting that you ignore your calling, but... you need to look to your future.
and with faith here... it may be that you can move on, for a time, at least.
yes, he was up to all sorts of shenanigans last year.
we had a world of fun trying to guess what he'd do next.
i don't think she's ready to process the information that... you and i are friends again.
anyway, i think this college jones is just a reaction to the whole slayer thing.
i happen to walk by, and she's making out with a chaos demon!
and i said, "you know, i don't have to put up with this."
i'm going to do what i should have done in the first place...
i'll find her, wherever she is... tie her up, torture her until she likes me again.
you can catch all that action on "csc on campus with stan myers" coming up at the top of the hour.
and you won't want to miss championship billiards at 1:00 a.m.
i can actually aff ord to wear what i want and pay f ull price.
i'm not promoting the economic upside as much as i am the opportunity to drink something giant and blue.
it's time f or big, giant blue things at $2 off.
i just wanted to write a quick letter to my sister, louise.
dear louise, it's a little after midnight on thursday, and i'm sitting in the middle of the main newsroom at "sports night. "
i can't even begin to describe how much i love this place.
i've only been here three months, but it feels a lot like home to me.
some of the guys asked me to go out with them after the show tonight.
in your last letter, you asked me what dan and casey are like.
and i can't wait to tell you all about them in person, but, for now, i'll just say that as impressive as they are on the air, the thing that constantly amazes me is that the pressure of writing and performing
chad was just elected pr esident of the connecticut young black republican caucus.
he has a 3.9 gpa, he is co-captain of the lacrosse team, he plays the fr ench horn, and does volunteer work at a crisis hotline.
there are four rundown meetings a day -- noon, 6:00, 8:00, and 10:00.
i'm sure that in no time i'll have forgotten about it, but at the moment,
- well, i'm just saying, is there really room f or a story with, at best, local inter est in kansas city mayb--?
we'll put it up f ront, isaac, right bef or e the first br eak.
"if you can't play defense, you can't play in the nba. " casey?
archibald "a.k." russell is probably not a name you'r e f amiliar with, unless you wer e lucky enough to watch the kansas city monarchs play baseball the way it was meant to be played.
he had 3 20-win seasons, he's an associate pastor at the berry hill baptist church, and, oh yeah, taught himself how to r ead and write.
he was driving the cadillac seville that his 4 sons had given him f or his 80th birthday when he stopped f or a r ed light this morning.
he was dragged f rom his car, beaten with sticks and bottles, and left at the side of the road.
a.k.'s in critical condition in mercy hospital in kansas city, and the thoughts and prayers of everyone her e ar e with him.
she got her love of sports f rom her f ather and 6 brothers, one of whom plays for the denver broncos.
she got her education f rom a series of ex clusive all-girls schools that her mother insisted she attend so that she wouldn't grow up to be like her f ather and 6 brothers.
dana thinks that casey's jealous of her relationship with gordon, her new boyf riend, which he is.
casey claims he has no interest in dana one way or the other, which he does.
you have an envy of postgraduate degr ees -- always have.
do you have a sense of exactly what day you turned into a lunatic woman?
casey, he and his team worked f or 4 1/2 years to build a case against galino.
this would have been a huge blow to organized crime in brooklyn and the whole city.
i'm gratef ul to him as any good citizen would be.
organized crime is a scourge that aff ects us all, and i just thank god he won.
there's nothing that dan likes more than writing, so this day was particularly tough on him.
and i want to ask f or your patience and support during this period.
it r eally wasn't my intention to discuss any dana-r elated matters.
no, i was just reading this "new york times" piece on the f or ensic evidence, the ballistics match, the eyewitnesses, and the 78 hours worth of wir etaps, a portion of which included the def endant saying,
i killed him dead" and was wondering what the heck a f ella has to do to get thrown in jail on your watch.
well, how 'bout i run you through an irs audit and we find out?
[ sighs ] i f eel like somebody put a mojo on me.
l-l-i'm tense, my mind's racing -- like i'm gonna blow apart.
i fell asleep once while making her dinner, and that's a whole other story, but since that night, it seems like things have been kind of awkward between us.
it's hard to resist the urge to ask her out, but i doubt that would do much to lessen the awkwardness.
[ homer's voice ] hey, bart-bart... looks like a beautiful day to swipe some "pic-i-nic" baskets.
[ bart's voice ] but, "homi," ranger ned's not gonna like that.
well, if we'd left at 4:00 a.m like i wanted to-
well, if we'd left at 4:00 a.m like i wanted to-
if you let me hang around a while, i can do all kinds of stuff for ya.
well, we are down to our last roll of toilet paper.
a gallon of wheatgrass juice, a five-pound wad of tofu, some jellied zinc... and a couple of pairs of $600 sunglasses.
mr. simpson, these exotic items are suspiciously different... from your usual order of beer and pork.
this is only 1 7... and several of the pages are just drawings of the time machine.
- so you're saying you don't want to star in my movie?
but the next time you want someone to remind you which brother is which...
- or smell your hair while you're sleeping- - [ gasps ] just remember, old homer won't be here anymore.
when was the last time barbra streisand cleaned out your garage?
and when it's time to do the dishes, where's ray bolger?
and we just tossed him out like a golden globe award.
i've got to admit, i miss the way he used to tuck us in... and kiss us on the forehead.
if celebrities didn't want people pawing through their garbage... and saying they're gay, they shouldn't have tried to express themselves creatively.
in closing, you people must realize... that the public owns you for life, and when you're dead... you'll all be in commercials, dancing with vacuum cleaners.
it looks like the lake is the place to be, huh?
well, if we'd left at 4:00 a.m like i wanted to-
well, we are down to our last roll of toilet paper.
and i have been brushing my teeth with hair gel for a week.
- regarding that so-called silent propulsion system... in the hunt for red october-
i printed out a list of technical errors... which i think you'd enjoy discussing.
- or smell your hair while you're sleeping- - [ gasps ] just remember, old homer won't be here anymore.
- [ clamoring ] - [ moe ] hey, come on.!
it looks like the lake is the place to be, huh?
well, if we'd left at 4:00 a.m like i wanted to-
well, we are down to our last roll of toilet paper.
and i have been brushing my teeth with hair gel for a week.
- regarding that so-called silent propulsion system... in the hunt for red october-
i printed out a list of technical errors... which i think you'd enjoy discussing.
- or smell your hair while you're sleeping- - [ gasps ] just remember, old homer won't be here anymore.
- [ clamoring ] - [ moe ] hey, come on.!
well, we are down to our last roll of toilet paper.
and i have been brushing my teeth with hair gel for a week.
this is only 1 7... and several of the pages are just drawings of the time machine.
so you're saying you don't want to star in my movie?
if celebrities didn't want people pawing through their garbage... and saying they're gay, they shouldn't have tried to express themselves creatively.
in closing, you people must realize... that the public owns you for life, and when you're dead... you'll all be in commercials, dancing with vacuum cleaners.
but, sire..., ...your father is king of the gods..., ...and if he's turned against his own son..., ...what hope do we have?
i've sent for a man, across the seas..., ...a hero, who will not bow down to the will of the gods.
he journeyed the earth battling the minions of his wicked stepmother, hera, the all-powerful queen of the gods.
but wherever there was evil, wherever an innocent would suffer, there would be...
look, it's not as though we don't have problems of our own.
i know these gods... are different from ours, but people aren't.
the nectar flows from this chalice..., ...but it was hidden by the gods in the middle of a pyramid..., ...protected by a series of trials.
only those with the blood of a god can reach it.
in my brother's absence..., ...i will assume his authority, beginning now.
you can stand here and wait for a miracle..., ...or you can come with me and fix this thing.
and in my deepest despair..., ...i heard... the voice... of dahak.
a voice so pure..., ...so true i knew i had found salvation.
my family has been gone to me a long time, now.
i call on you, master of the darkness..., ...to consume this warrior heart...
as your king, i'm asking for your strength, now more than ever.
in return, i give you my word that i will not rest... until sumeria is safe again.
but, sire, your father is king of the gods, and if he's turned against his own son, what hope do we have?
i've sent for a man across the seas... a hero who will not bow down to the will of the gods.
hercules possessed a strength the world had never seen, a strength surpassed only by the power of his heart.
he journeyed the earth, battling the minions of his wicked stepmother, hera, the all-powerful queen of the gods.
the point is, hercules, we don't know anything about these other gods.
[ lolaus ] look, it's not as though we don't have problems of our own.
then the gods fasted for seven days on the nectar that sustains them... to give life to the land.
so if we get some of this nectar, we can restore the land.
in my brother's absence, i will assume his authority, beginning now.
you can stand here and wait for a miracle, or you can come with me and fix this thing.
i've heard stories of sailors who are lost at sea... and see lights in the northern skies.
they say the lights are really spirits who have come to help them find their way.
seven years ago this very night the clown prince of crime, the joker, was born on this spot.
since then, gotham has repeatedly been rocked by the attacks of this criminal madman.
seven years ago this very night the clown prince of crime, the joker, was born on this spot.
since then, gotham has repeatedly been rocked by the attacks of this criminal madman.
"lf i become a plant, i may be pulled out by the roots.
"lf i blossom into a flower, i may adorn someone's hair.
select me. i'll welcome the mission i want to die a martyr
my death should not be a routine one. i want do die in glory.
i don't want my roots to go deep within the dark, suffocating earth to look for water lf l become a plant i may be pulled out by the roots.
if i blossom into a flower, i may adorn someone's hair lrefuse to grow unless my safety is guaranteed.
come a long way to find what you really left behind
you don't know when the end is but it's coming fast
did you ever think i get lonely did you ever think that i needed love did you ever think to stop thinking you're the only one that i'm thinking of
you'll never know how hard i tried to find my space and satisfy you too
but oh how i lived my life for you still you'd turn away
now as i die for you my flesh still crawls as i breathe your name
all these years i thought i was wrong now i know it was you
raise you head raise your face, your eyes tell me who you think you are
won't you hold me again you just laughed, ha ha, bitch
my whole life is work built on the past but the time has come when all things shall pass this good thing passed away
oh lord, i wait for death, and, yes, i have no fear.
i recall that night, my every breath, and, step along the way.
oh, there is no escape, the sea is full of sharks.
the tide takes you away, and smashes you on the rocks.
the priest that reads the sermons, is walking next to me,
to the stake, my last request, to have her burn with me.
follow the instructions of the new ways' evil book of rules.
replacing rights with wrongs, the files and records in the schools.
i can't replace the lies that let a 1000 days go
no more living trapped inside, in her way i'll surely die
i can't replace the lies that let a 1000 days go
no more living trapped inside, in her way i'll surely die
down in my seat of judgement gavel's bang, uphold the law
up on my soapbox, a leader out to change the world
you're the one to be careful, ask eva to be careful too.
last time a girl bit my dick, so i knocked off all her teeth.
what was so important that we coudn't tak over the phone?
dharma and i are having a problem, and i could really use your help.
'm sorry, dharma, but you can't hep every human being on the planet.
but you can help the ones that are right in front of you.
dharma, i have a friend from law school who specializes in adoptions.
'm sure he can find a terrific coupe to adopt the baby.
what was so important that we couldn't talk over the phone?
dharma and i are having a problem, and i could really use your help.
i'm sorry, dharma, but you can't help every human being on the planet.
but you can help the ones that are right in front of you.
dharma, i have a friend from law school who specializes in adoptions.
i'm sure he can find a terrific couple to adopt the baby.
i mean, they say it's just the sound of your inner ear, but...
i like to think it really is the sound of the ocean.
well, a girl's got a right to make a little extra spendin' money, huh ?
i mean, a bunch of old pigs want to throw me some of their pocket change.
oh, what, you think i needed you to touch me, huh ?
you think i needed your big, strong, handsome italian hands all over me ?
uh, listen, there's a slight change in our first-ever engaged christmas plans.
see, shawn's bunking in my room, so the sex is off.
yeah, i just got word that a busload of children from saint mary's just arrived.
now, these are children without parents and no money at all, so...
i made all those little kids smile, took care of everybody that came to see me.
no disrespect, but why would you send me that little boy?
[ announcer] we'll return for the remainder of the conclusion after these messages.
well, i'd rather get a message than see another lousy commercial.
you ladies are without a doubt the most sorrowful clique at the dance.
- not one of you fit to guard a russian rock band.
- [ cheering, applause ] - [ man ] mr. skywalker.
[ groans ] homer, i think you know what to do.
well, i'd rather get a message than see another lousy commercial.
people of earth, we have traveled all the way from space... to attend the most "astrotastic" event in the entire universe.
tell me, how do you feel about 45-year-old virgins who still live with their parents?
- comb the sweet tarts out of your beard and you're on.
you know, i'm here today as luke skywalker... but i'm also here to talk about sprint.
as you can see, you stand to save up to 1 7 cents a month over the more dependable providers.
and after moe's, we went to krusty burger, and the mayor got some more change.
and i ordered a double-double, but they gave me the double-double-double-double.
thank you, mayor quimby, for honoring us with the school milk concession.
well, the good children of springfield need their milk, and i need my- [ coughs ]
i mean, if i were fat tony and, god willing, some day i will be...
i'd just be stewing in my jail cell, getting madder and madder.
homer, i'm not sure it's wise to go out right now.
i was thinking of a quiet evening at home with the, uh- [ sighs ] wife.
i am only here as a devotee of the lively arts.
but i do have something for the mayor that perhaps you could deliver.
well, i'd rather get a message than see another lousy commercial.
people of earth, we have traveled all the way from space... to attend the most "astrotastic" event in the entire universe.
tell me, how do you feel about 45-year-old virgins who still live with their parents?
- comb the sweet tarts out of your beard and you're on.
you know, i'm here today as luke skywalker... but i'm also here to talk about sprint.
as you can see, you stand to save up to 1 7 cents a month over the more dependable providers.
and after moe's, we went to krusty burger, and the mayor got some more change.
and i ordered a double-double, but they gave me the double-double-double-double.
thank you, mayor quimby, for honoring us with the school milk concession.
well, the good children of springfield need their milk, and i need my- [ coughs ]
i mean, if i were fat tony and, god willing, some day i will be...
i'd just be stewing in my jail cell, getting madder and madder.
homer, i'm not sure it's wise to go out right now.
i was thinking of a quiet evening at home with the, uh- [ sighs ] wife.
i am only here as a devotee of the lively arts.
but i do have something for the mayor that perhaps you could deliver.
you can't do it, even if you work three days and nights.
i was in the square, but i was alone, with a shovel...
tell him that i study, that i'm attentive and that i'll be promoted in june.
and the most important thing, that i'm top of my class.
"i hate you, i don't love you anymore, you see, i don't love you !
remember that day, my feet took me far, my heart dreamed of return.
the house was an echo of the past, of a long time of promise.
and that echo was all i took away with me of you, forever."
"in your song trills tweet tweet, with little crackles and bursts, the secret creaking ofthat pile of logs.
a creaking you thought you heard when you were hunting for worms, trtrteritterit."
when everything's fixed for you, if you want to go to university you can.
not to find work, there's as much as you want right here.
i put him there because it's easier to fix things up.
i work from morning till night so he has what he needs.
the little squirt of this noble line is buying a round.
hey, you nob, looking for votes to stand in the montmartre elections?
the sologne is beautiful, but the hunting is terrible and the hunters terribly vulgar.
yet the marshes are magical when graced by the evening sun.
so, young men, you're inviting worthies to masturbate before my art?
mr. bernard, mr. lautrec, in your work, i see the deplorable inuence of the impressionists.
in 10 years' time, the critics will see you're a genius.
in 10 years' time, will you greet me in the street?
the remain of a squirt from an eminent lineage is buying us a round!
sir, are you buying our votes to be elected in montmartre?
we like neither nobles nor bourgeois on the inspired montmartre hill.
we eat red wine and raw meat to give us strength.
la valadon was beautiful smelling like fresh flowers in saint-vincent street.
her father was unknown, and her mother had died so for long . she lived with her grandmother or was growing up alone in saint-vincent street.
you won't avoid wedding me at the madeleine, with organs and choir!
a little tongue is all it takes to tickle the candy.
hurt by their attack, blood dripping from her forehead the drunk woman turned around and looked at them.
they stopped their attack, ashamed and scared under the gaze of the drunkard while gray-haired passersby looking surprisingly at the scene found the drunkard quite appalling.
perhaps the sorrow for a lost child remembering their past happiness.
so one night, she decides to take her life the drunk woman.
art nouveau is inspired, not by god or homeland but by madness.
if artists are indeed prophets the next century will be frightening.
when i hear my hear beating my mother is calling me.
taking my drunken child-like face in the streets at every step, i suffocate and totter.
all of them have an ugly body, with short legs and a belly like a round bag, the bastards!
in the morning, they reek of wine and whore after drinking in cabarets, the bastards!
i bet if i talked to carol and susan i could convince them to move to london with ben.
i'm sure your ex-wife would be more than happy to move so you can patch things up with your new wife.
i just wanted to let you know that i found a selfless good deed.
i went down to the park and i let a bee sting me.
i'm still mad at them, but they bring happiness to lots of kids whose moms didn't kill themselves.
by supporting them, i'm doing a good thing, but i'm not happy about it.
look i got carried away before, but there's something you got to know.
if i'm the best, it's only because you made me the best.
he's hoping that someone will help him get in touch with her.
i don't care if i said some other girl's name, you prissy old twit!
i just wanted to let you know that i found a selfless good deed.
i went down to the park and i let a bee sting me.
i bet if i talked to carol and susan i could convince them to move to london with ben.
i'm sure your ex-wife would be more than happy to move so you can patch things up with your new wife.
i snuck over there and raked up the leaves on his front stoop.
but he caught me, and he force-fed me cider and cookies.
i mean, i can't be in the same room as her.
it drives me mad thinking of you being in the same room as her.
if you've been enjoying cirque du soleil and you'd like to see more, it's very simple.
all you have to do is call in a pledge and tell one of our volunteers what type of programming you...
i'm still mad at them, but they bring happiness to lots of kids whose moms didn't kill themselves.
by supporting them, i'm doing a good thing, but i'm not happy about it.
look i got carried away before, but there's something you got to know.
if i'm the best, it's only because you made me the best.
i bet if i talked to carol and susan i could convince them to move to london with ben.
i'm sure your ex-wife would be more than happy to move so you can patch things up with your new wife.
i just wanted to let you know that i found a selfless good deed.
i went down to the park and i let a bee sting me.
i'm still mad at them, but they bring happiness to lots of kids whose moms didn't kill themselves.
by supporting them, i'm doing a good thing, but i'm not happy about it.
look i got carried away before, but there's something you got to know.
if i'm the best, it's only because you made me the best.
he's hoping that someone will help him get in touch with her.
i don't care if i said some other girl's name, you prissy old twit!
i snuck over there and raked up the leaves on his front stoop.
but he caught me, and he force-fed me cider and cookies.
i mean, i can't be in the same room as her.
it drives me mad thinking of you being in the same room as her.
with all the stupid gloating, would you want to sleep with you?
well, i think i'd be a little out of my league, but i'd give it a shot.
if you've been enjoying cirque du soleil and you'd like to see more, it's very simple.
all you have to do is call in a pledge and tell one of our volunteers what type of programming you
i snuck over there and raked up the leaves on his front stoop.
but he caught me, and he force-fed me cider and cookies.
i mean, i can't be in the same room as her.
it drives me mad thinking of you being in the same room as her.
[uncut] with all the stupid gloating, would you want to sleep with you?
[uncut] well, i think i'd be a little out of my league, but i'd give it a shot.
if you've been enjoying cirque du soleil and you'd like to see more, it's very simple.
all you have to do is call in a pledge and tell one of our volunteers what type of programming you...
so i just thought it would make me feel better if i wrote to sesame street.
because they were so nice when i was a little kid.
you know that really old guy that lives next door to me?
i snuck over there and raked up all the leaves on his front stoop.
i just wanted to let you know that i found a selfless good deed.
i went down to the park and i let a bee sting me.
i either keep my wife and lose one of my best friends or i keep my friend and get divorced for the second time before i'm 30.
so if anyone else has a better suggestion, let's hear it.
i'm still mad at them, but i also know that they bring happiness to lots of kids whose moms didn't kill themselves.
you know, so by supporting them, i'm doing a good thing, but i'm not happy about it.
he's calling everyone on her side of the family hoping that someone will help him get in touch with her.
i-i-i don't care if i said some other girl's name you prissy, old twit!
i mean if this guy was me and it was me who had learned that it was me who was the best you'd ever had, i'd be going like this.
all right emily, as much as i love you, i'm sorry, i can't move to london without ben.
we've been watching all day, when are you gonna be on tv?
see, there was kind of a mix up in my agent's office, but i'm still on tv and that's good exposure. / you're not on tv.
now if you've been enjoying the performance of cirque du soleil, and you'd like to see more of the same kind of programming, it's very simple.
all you have to do is call in your pledge and at that time tell the operator, one of our volunteers, what kind of programming you'd like to
the pledge that did it was taken by one of our volunteers oh boy!
and may i say one of our sharpest dressed volunteers, mr. joseph tribbiani!
i know this sounds crazy, but every time this cat hisses at me i know it's saying, "rachel!"
doesn't sound as crazy as paying $ 1000 for a cat.
obviously, you know how to haggle, so i won't try and take you on.
so $800, and i don't call the cops, because you are robbing me blind!
i'm so sorry you got caught in the middle of that.
i didn't mean to be so out there, but i am furious with him.
i'm a little warm, so i'm gonna be taking off my sweater.
now, i'm just letting you know this is not an invitation to the physical act of love.
i am not gonna have sex with you in the bathroom!
you know, in roman times, this was more than just a hat.
wouldn't you pay good money to see identical hands showcased in some type of an entertainment venue?
if you leave now, i will chop off my hand and give it to you!
he's hoping that someone will help him get in touch with her.
i don't care if i said some other girl's name, you prissy old twit!
i bet if i talked to carol and susan i could convince them to move to london with ben.
i'm sure your ex-wife would be more than happy to move so you can patch things up with your new wife.
i snuck over there and raked up the leaves on his front stoop.
but he caught me, and he force-fed me cider and cookies.
i mean, i can't be in the same room as her.
it drives me mad thinking of you being in the same room as her.
if you've been enjoying cirque du soleil and you'd like to see more, it's very simple.
all you have to do is call in a pledge and tell one of our volunteers what type of programming you...
i'm still mad at them, but they bring happiness to lots of kids whose moms didn't kill themselves.
by supporting them, i'm doing a good thing, but i'm not happy about it.
look i got carried away before, but there's something you got to know.
if i'm the best, it's only because you made me the best.
i bet if i talked to carol and susan i could convince them to move to london with ben.
i'm sure your ex-wife would be more than happy to move so you can patch things up with your new wife.
i snuck over there and raked up the leaves on his front stoop.
but he caught me, and he force-fed me cider and cookies.
i mean, i can't be in the same room as her.
it drives me mad thinking of you being in the same room as her.
if you've been enjoying cirque du soleil and you'd like to see more, it's very simple.
all you have to do is call in a pledge and tell one of our volunteers what type of programming you...
i'm still mad at them, but they bring happiness to lots of kids whose moms didn't kill themselves.
by supporting them, i'm doing a good thing, but i'm not happy about it.
look i got carried away before, but there's something you got to know.
if i'm the best, it's only because you made me the best.
he's hoping that someone will help him get in touch with her.
i don't care if i said some other girl's name, you prissy old twit!
i just wanted to let you know that i found a selfless good deed.
i went down to the park and i let a bee sting me.
he's hoping that someone will help him get in touch with her.
i don't care if i said some other girl's name, you prissy old twit!
i snuck over there and raked up the leaves on his front stoop.
but he caught me, and he force-fed me cider and cookies.
i mean, i can't be in the same room as her.
it drives me mad thinking of you being in the same room as her.
i just wanted to let you know that i found a selfless good deed.
i went down to the park and i let a bee sting me.
he's hoping that someone will help him get in touch with her.
i don't care if i said some other girl's name, you prissy old twit!
i bet if i talked to carol and susan i could convince them to move to london with ben.
i'm sure your ex-wife would be more than happy to move so you can patch things up with your new wife.
i snuck over there and raked up the leaves on his front stoop.
but he caught me, and he force-fed me cider and cookies.
i mean, i can't be in the same room as her.
it drives me mad thinking of you being in the same room as her.
if you've been enjoying cirque du soleil and you'd like to see more, it's very simple.
all you have to do is call in a pledge and tell one of our volunteers what type of programming you...
i'm still mad at them, but they bring happiness to lots of kids whose moms didn't kill themselves.
by supporting them, i'm doing a good thing, but i'm not happy about it.
look i got carried away before, but there's something you got to know.
if i'm the best, it's only because you made me the best.
in her very own home, a man, a bigger man, sexually assaults her.
and when he, this bigger man, struck her one could opine it was her place to defend herself.
and i can't bear it if a guy doesn't grab me a bit.
but then if he does grab me, i'm on that playground again.
by pretense of a sexual advance, she pulled my pants down on the street.
co-counsel and a member of their firm came in a getaway car.
billy, i'm pro-choice, obviously but when it comes to a baby in my stomach your baby in my stomach...
i can't even bring myself to say the "a" word much less consider it.
raiders strike quickly, knock out communications and navigational control plunder the cargo bays, then destroy the ships.
whoever is behind these attacks isn't interested in cargo or profit.
the transports were so overwhelmed they didn't have a chance to fight back.
well, until now the other worlds probably figured this is just a local problem.
you're required to give the council briefings on matters affecting their security within 24 hours of reviewing them in-house.
every member race has been hit equally and the attacks have been totally random so that rules out border skirmishes or political disagreements.
deploy rangers along the main shipping lines monitor all frequencies for distress signals.
we have to find out who is responsible for this or we're going to have a real problem.
well, it's good to know that your excellency's sense of humor is still intact after such a long voyage.
well, now, perhaps if we could show you to your room...
while some telepaths on other worlds evolved naturally the majority were created by the vorlons through centuries of genetic manipulation.
they created us so we could be used by other worlds as weapons in their war against the shadows.
if anybody can find out what is going on, it's you.
and while the regent can refuse to see me it would be very hard to avoid seeing his own prime minister.
let me know what you find out and i will bring it to the regent myself.
perhaps it's nothing, just whispers and rumors but just once i would like to find myself wrong about these things for a change.
tell me, minister, if i were to strike you which would you be angry at:
the hand that struck you or the heart that commanded the hand to strike?
it is the heart that carries the burden and that heart is dead in both of us, minister.
it died with cartagia and it died in me soon after.
if they're gonna give you five minutes they're gonna need to know why.
so if you can't tell me there's nothing i can do.
my information could calm them down, but if i give it to any one person first they'll think it's a trick.
it has to be done in front of all of them.
and i want to thank the brakiri for their help in rescuing survivors from a burning drazi transport.
it is exactly that kind of cooperation that the alliance stands for.
the reports lyta is handing out contain detailed information on how the vorlons created telepaths on a hundred different worlds through centuries of genetic manipulation.
human telepaths were among those created by the vorlons to serve their needs, and yours, during the shadow war.
we have been caged, pursued and forced into a kind of slave labor all for your benefit.
so now i turn back to you and say you must help us.
give us a homeworld of our own and you will never hear from us again.
fail to do so and all your secrets will be revealed.
unless they do a deep scan, a telepath can only pick up what you're thinking at the moment.
but who the hell remembers every passing thought they had for two days?
if you were hated by your own race, forced to join the psi corps or forced to take drugs to inhibit your talents for the rest of your life if you had been hunted and enslaved by the others would you not want a place of your own?
a place where others like you could gather safely without fear of persecution?
that's the worst thing you can do to someone, zack threaten to reveal his secrets.
on top of that, now the drazi are claiming their people were attacked by telepaths that threats were made.
maybe we do owe them a lot more than we've given them.
but there's nothing we can do until we have them in custody.
when the other worlds hear of our starving here for the dream of our own homeworld, it may soften their hearts towards us.
the longer it takes them to get to us, the more we may have a chance to negotiate.
he was there when i sent for you, but then when i came back he was gone.
but i assure you that every possible attempt will be made to locate him just as soon as possible.
i'm glad we got there in time to save you, mollari.
you know, you were the only one who treated me fairly when cartagia was here.
g'kar i have been in the royal palace on and off for most of my life.
even when cartagia was here i never lost my affection for it.
this is babylon 5 station security to telepaths in brown sector.
we are aware that you have sabotaged the transport tubes and welded the access hatches shut.
you are ordered to remove these obstructions and surrender at once.
failure to do so will result in direct confrontation with our forces and i imagine you don 't want that any more than we do.
there will come a moment when i will ask you to leave me behind.
when that moment comes, you must do exactly as i say.
raiders strike quickly, knock out communications and navigational control plunder the cargo bays, then destroy the ships.
whoever is behind these attacks isn't interested in cargo or profit.
the transports were so overwhelmed they didn't have a chance to fight back.
well, until now the other worlds probably figured this is just a local problem.
you're required to give the council briefings on matters affecting their security within 24 hours of reviewing them in-house.
every member race has been hit equally and the attacks have been totally random so that rules out border skirmishes or political disagreements.
deploy rangers along the main shipping lines monitor all frequencies for distress signals.
we have to find out who is responsible for this or we're going to have a real problem.
well, it's good to know that your excellency's sense of humor is still intact after such a long voyage.
well, now, perhaps if we could show you to your room...
while some telepaths on other worlds evolved naturally the majority were created by the vorlons through centuries of genetic manipulation.
they created us so we could be used by other worlds as weapons in their war against the shadows.
if anybody can find out what is going on, it's you.
and while the regent can refuse to see me it would be very hard to avoid seeing his own prime minister.
let me know what you find out and i will bring it to the regent myself.
perhaps it's nothing, just whispers and rumors but just once i would like to find myself wrong about these things for a change.
tell me, minister, if i were to strike you which would you be angry at:
the hand that struck you or the heart that commanded the hand to strike?
it is the heart that carries the burden and that heart is dead in both of us, minister.
it died with cartagia and it died in me soon after.
if they're gonna give you five minutes they're gonna need to know why.
so if you can't tell me there's nothing i can do.
my information could calm them down, but if i give it to any one person first they'll think it's a trick.
it has to be done in front of all of them.
and i want to thank the brakiri for their help in rescuing survivors from a burning drazi transport.
it is exactly that kind of cooperation that the alliance stands for.
the reports lyta is handing out contain detailed information on how the vorlons created telepaths on a hundred different worlds through centuries of genetic manipulation.
human telepaths were among those created by the vorlons to serve their needs, and yours, during the shadow war.
we have been caged, pursued and forced into a kind of slave labor all for your benefit.
so now i turn back to you and say you must help us.
give us a homeworld of our own and you will never hear from us again.
fail to do so and all your secrets will be revealed.
unless they do a deep scan, a telepath can only pick up what you're thinking at the moment.
but who the hell remembers every passing thought they had for two days?
if you were hated by your own race, forced to join the psi corps or forced to take drugs to inhibit your talents for the rest of your life if you had been hunted and enslaved by the others would you not want a place of your own?
a place where others like you could gather safely without fear of persecution?
that's the worst thing you can do to someone, zack threaten to reveal his secrets.
on top of that, now the drazi are claiming their people were attacked by telepaths that threats were made.
maybe we do owe them a lot more than we've given them.
but there's nothing we can do until we have them in custody.
when the other worlds hear of our starving here for the dream of our own homeworld, it may soften their hearts towards us.
the longer it takes them to get to us, the more we may have a chance to negotiate.
he was there when i sent for you, but then when i came back he was gone.
but i assure you that every possible attempt will be made to locate him just as soon as possible.
i'm glad we got there in time to save you, mollari.
you know, you were the only one who treated me fairly when cartagia was here.
g'kar i have been in the royal palace on and off for most of my life.
even when cartagia was here i never lost my affection for it.
this is babylon 5 station security to telepaths in brown sector.
we are aware that you have sabotaged the transport tubes and welded the access hatches shut.
you are ordered to remove these obstructions and surrender at once.
failure to do so will result in direct confrontation with our forces and i imagine you don't want that any more than we do.
there will come a moment when i will ask you to leave me behind.
when that moment comes, you must do exactly as i say.
this is my analysis of the latest reports from the rangers.
we've had a major increase in attacks against shipping lines of alliance worlds.
we have to find out who is responsible for this or we're going to have a real problem.
a highly trained but unknown military force striking randomly against our allies?
during the shadow war she served the vorlons acted as their go-between.
they adjusted her abilities, made her stronger and revealed the truth to her.
sometimes he says he has something important to tell them and then a cloud seems to pass over his face, and he walks away.
once, before he could be brought to his room he told a guard to kill him, that he was not himself.
keep an eye out for anything else you might consider strange.
let me know what you find out and i will bring it to the regent myself.
you do understand, jano that if it were my decision i would never let anyone harm you.
i would never let anyone hurt you if it were my decision.
i'll need you to stay here and coordinate things while i go find mr. garibaldi.
in the next 24 hours i'll need you more than i've ever needed anyone.
it has always been our tradition to go for the chest.
that way you can see the life go out of their eyes as they fall.
the hand has no choice but to do as it is told.
it is the heart that carries the burden and that heart is dead in both of us, minister.
it died with cartagia and it died in me soon after.
besides everyone knows that the true source of pain is neither the hand nor the heart.
it has to be done in front of all of them.
and i want to thank the brakiri for their help in rescuing survivors from a burning drazi transport.
i'm afraid i'm going to divert from my prepared comments but this matter is no less important than the one i was expected to address.
the reports lyta is handing out contain detailed information on how the vorlons created telepaths on a hundred different worlds through centuries of genetic manipulation.
so now i turn back to you and say you must help us.
the alliance we were created to serve must now help its creations by giving us and all telepaths a homeworld of our own.
over the last two days, each of you has been followed by one of my people.
they have scanned every thought, every secret every hidden thing you would not want known.
look, they were very smart in not saying exactly what they knew.
unless they do a deep scan, a telepath can only pick up what you're thinking at the moment.
but who the hell remembers every passing thought they had for two days?
leaving everyone to assume they know the most damaging information possible.
a place where others like you could gather safely without fear of persecution?
okay, i grant you, on a strictly idealistic level it's understandable.
on top of that, now the drazi are claiming their people were attacked by telepaths that threats were made.
with everyone already wired up over the attacks on their shipping lines it was the proverbial straw that broke the camel's back.
we will refuse to be arrested, but we will do so peacefully.
we'll weld shut all the air doors, block all the transport tubes.
i say we leave here while we can, split up and strike back.
make them understand that if they give us what we want we'll go in peace.
even when cartagia was here i never lost my affection for it.
but tonight, for the first time i think it frightens me.
we are aware that you have sabotaged the transport tubes and welded the access hatches shut.
you are ordered to remove these obstructions and surrender at once.
failure to do so will result in direct confrontation with our forces and i imagine you don't want that any more than we do.
lyta, if you're in there come on out now and we may be able to intercede for you.
raiders strike quickly, knock out communications and navigational control plunder the cargo bays, then destroy the ships.
whoever is behind these attacks isn't interested in cargo or profit.
the transports were so overwhelmed they didn't have a chance to fight back.
well, until now the other worlds probably figured this is just a local problem.
you're required to give the council briefings on matters affecting their security within 24 hours of reviewing them in-house.
every member race has been hit equally and the attacks have been totally random so that rules out border skirmishes or political disagreements.
deploy rangers along the main shipping lines monitor all frequencies for distress signals.
we have to find out who is responsible for this or we're going to have a real problem.
well, it's good to know that your excellency's sense of humor is still intact after such a long voyage.
well, now, perhaps if we could show you to your room...
while some telepaths on other worlds evolved naturally the majority were created by the vorlons through centuries of genetic manipulation.
they created us so we could be used by other worlds as weapons in their war against the shadows.
if anybody can find out what is going on, it's you.
and while the regent can refuse to see me it would be very hard to avoid seeing his own prime minister.
let me know what you find out and i will bring it to the regent myself.
perhaps it's nothing, just whispers and rumors but just once i would like to find myself wrong about these things for a change.
tell me, minister, if i were to strike you which would you be angry at:
the hand that struck you or the heart that commanded the hand to strike?
it is the heart that carries the burden and that heart is dead in both of us, minister.
it died with cartagia and it died in me soon after.
if they're gonna give you five minutes they're gonna need to know why.
so if you can't tell me there's nothing i can do.
my information could calm them down, but if i give it to any one person first they'll think it's a trick.
it has to be done in front of all of them.
and i want to thank the brakiri for their help in rescuing survivors from a burning drazi transport.
it is exactly that kind of cooperation that the alliance stands for.
the reports lyta is handing out contain detailed information on how the vorlons created telepaths on a hundred different worlds through centuries of genetic manipulation.
human telepaths were among those created by the vorlons to serve their needs, and yours, during the shadow war.
we have been caged, pursued and forced into a kind of slave labor all for your benefit.
so now i turn back to you and say you must help us.
give us a homeworld of our own and you will never hear from us again.
fail to do so and all your secrets will be revealed.
unless they do a deep scan, a telepath can only pick up what you're thinking at the moment.
but who the hell remembers every passing thought they had for two days?
if you were hated by your own race, forced to join the psi corps or forced to take drugs to inhibit your talents for the rest of your life if you had been hunted and enslaved by the others would you not want a place of your own?
a place where others like you could gather safely without fear of persecution?
that's the worst thing you can do to someone, zack threaten to reveal his secrets.
on top of that, now the drazi are claiming their people were attacked by telepaths that threats were made.
maybe we do owe them a lot more than we've given them.
but there's nothing we can do until we have them in custody.
when the other worlds hear of our starving here for the dream of our own homeworld, it may soften their hearts towards us.
the longer it takes them to get to us, the more we may have a chance to negotiate.
he was there when i sent for you, but then when i came back he was gone.
but i assure you that every possible attempt will be made to locate him just as soon as possible.
i'm glad we got there in time to save you, mollari.
you know, you were the only one who treated me fairly when cartagia was here.
g'kar i have been in the royal palace on and off for most of my life.
even when cartagia was here i never lost my affection for it.
this is babylon 5 station security to telepaths in brown sector.
we are aware that you have sabotaged the transport tubes and welded the access hatches shut.
you are ordered to remove these obstructions and surrender at once.
failure to do so will result in direct confrontation with our forces and i imagine you don't want that any more than we do.
there will come a moment when i will ask you to leave me behind.
when that moment comes, you must do exactly as i say.
this is my analysis of the latest reports from the rangers.
we've had a major increase in attacks against shipping lines... of the alliance worlds in recent weeks.
we have to find out who is responsible for this or we're going to have a real problem.
a highly trained but unknown military force... striking randomly against our allies?
during the shadow war she served the vorlons acted as their go-between.
they adjusted her abilities, made her stronger and revealed the truth to her.
sometimes he says he has something important to tell them and then a cloud seems to pass over his face, and he walks away.
once, before he could be brought to his room he told a guard to kill him, that he was not himself.
keep an eye out for anything else you might consider strange.
let me know what you find out and i will bring it to the regent myself.
you do understand, jano that if it were my decision i would never let anyone harm you.
i would never let anyone hurt you if it were my decision.
i'll need you to stay here and coordinate things while i go find mr. garibaldi.
in the next 24 hours i'll need you more than i've ever needed anyone.
it has always been our tradition to go for the chest.
that way you can see the life go out of their eyes as they fall.
the hand has no choice but to do as it is told.
it is the heart that carries the burden and that heart is dead in both of us, minister.
it died with cartagia and it died in me soon after.
besides everyone knows that the true source of pain is neither the hand nor the heart.
it has to be done in front of all of them.
and i want to thank the brakiri for their help in rescuing survivors from a burning drazi transport.
i'm afraid i'm going to divert from my prepared comments but this matter is no less important than the one i was expected to address.
the reports lyta is handing out contain detailed information on how the vorlons created telepaths on a hundred different worlds through centuries of genetic manipulation.
so now i turn back to you and say you must help us.
the alliance we were created to serve must now help its creations by giving us and all telepaths a homeworld of our own.
over the last two days, each of you has been followed by one of my people.
they have scanned every thought, every secret every hidden thing you would not want known.
look, they were very smart in not saying exactly what they knew.
unless they do a deep scan, a telepath can only pick up what you're thinking at the moment.
but who the hell remembers every passing thought they had for two days?
leaving everyone to assume they know the most damaging information possible.
a place where others like you could gather safely without fear of persecution?
okay, i grant you, on a strictly idealistic level it's understandable.
on top of that, now the drazi are claiming their people were attacked by telepaths that threats were made.
with everyone already wired up over the attacks on their shipping lines it was the proverbial straw that broke the camel's back.
we will refuse to be arrested, but we will do so peacefully.
we'll weld shut all the air doors, block all the transport tubes.
i say we leave here while we can, split up and strike back.
make them understand that if they give us what we want we'll go in peace.
even when cartagia was here i never lost my affection for it.
but tonight, for the first time i think it frightens me.
we are aware that you have sabotaged the transport tubes and welded the access hatches shut.
you are ordered to remove these obstructions and surrender at once.
raiders strike quickly, knock out communications and navigational control plunder the cargo bays, then destroy the ships.
whoever is behind these attacks isn't interested in cargo or profit.
the transports were so overwhelmed they didn't have a chance to fight back.
well, until now the other worlds probably figured this is just a local problem.
you're required to give the council briefings on matters affecting their security within 24 hours of reviewing them in-house.
every member race has been hit equally and the attacks have been totally random so that rules out border skirmishes or political disagreements.
deploy rangers along the main shipping lines monitor all frequencies for distress signals.
we have to find out who is responsible for this or we're going to have a real problem.
well, it's good to know that your excellency's sense of humor is still intact after such a long voyage.
well, now, perhaps if we could show you to your room...
while some telepaths on other worlds evolved naturally the majority were created by the vorlons through centuries of genetic manipulation.
they created us so we could be used by other worlds as weapons in their war against the shadows.
if anybody can find out what is going on, it's you.
and while the regent can refuse to see me it would be very hard to avoid seeing his own prime minister.
let me know what you find out and i will bring it to the regent myself.
perhaps it's nothing, just whispers and rumors but just once i would like to find myself wrong about these things for a change.
tell me, minister, if i were to strike you which would you be angry at:
the hand that struck you or the heart that commanded the hand to strike?
it is the heart that carries the burden and that heart is dead in both of us, minister.
it died with cartagia and it died in me soon after.
if they're gonna give you five minutes they're gonna need to know why.
so if you can't tell me there's nothing i can do.
my information could calm them down, but if i give it to any one person first they'll think it's a trick.
it has to be done in front of all of them.
and i want to thank the brakiri for their help in rescuing survivors from a burning drazi transport.
it is exactly that kind of cooperation that the alliance stands for.
the reports lyta is handing out contain detailed information on how the vorlons created telepaths on a hundred different worlds through centuries of genetic manipulation.
human telepaths were among those created by the vorlons to serve their needs, and yours, during the shadow war.
we have been caged, pursued and forced into a kind of slave labor all for your benefit.
so now i turn back to you and say you must help us.
give us a homeworld of our own and you will never hear from us again.
fail to do so and all your secrets will be revealed.
unless they do a deep scan, a telepath can only pick up what you're thinking at the moment.
but who the hell remembers every passing thought they had for two days?
if you were hated by your own race, forced to join the psi corps or forced to take drugs to inhibit your talents for the rest of your life if you had been hunted and enslaved by the others would you not want a place of your own?
a place where others like you could gather safely without fear of persecution?
that's the worst thing you can do to someone, zack threaten to reveal his secrets.
on top of that, now the drazi are claiming their people were attacked by telepaths that threats were made.
maybe we do owe them a lot more than we've given them.
but there's nothing we can do until we have them in custody.
when the other worlds hear of our starving here for the dream of our own homeworld, it may soften their hearts towards us.
the longer it takes them to get to us, the more we may have a chance to negotiate.
he was there when i sent for you, but then when i came back he was gone.
but i assure you that every possible attempt will be made to locate him just as soon as possible.
i'm glad we got there in time to save you, mollari.
you know, you were the only one who treated me fairly when cartagia was here.
g'kar i have been in the royal palace on and off for most of my life.
even when cartagia was here i never lost my affection for it.
this is babylon 5 station security to telepaths in brown sector.
we are aware that you have sabotaged the transport tubes and welded the access hatches shut.
you are ordered to remove these obstructions and surrender at once.
failure to do so will result in direct confrontation with our forces and i imagine you don't want that any more than we do.
there will come a moment when i will ask you to leave me behind.
when that moment comes, you must do exactly as i say.
but sometimes the twins get hooked together and they're born as siamese twins.
sometimes, after the siamese twins are joined together, one of the twins dies before birth.
the living baby is born, with the dead baby still attached.
sometimes, the dead twin is inside the living person, so even you could have a dead twin inside you and not even know it!
apparently nobody else would play us, because they knew we'd just beat 'em silly.
so i told the school board to find me some hick school from the mountains, and here you are.
so did you ever think of you just you know, having it cut off?
yes, principal victoria, the thought had occured to me, unfortunately it would mean my death.
ladies and gentlemen this is indeed a great week for south park.
mrs. herman has opened the east wing of the library, and our own south park cows elementary school dodgeball team is going to the national finals.
where they will undoubtly be beaten senseless by the washington team.
but most importantly this week has brought to my attention a very serious and dreaded disease.
and now friends, it's time to present lifetime conjoined twin achievement award.
this award goes to outstanding conjoined twins who have made a mark on society.
- excuse me mayor, but i just received some news that you might all be interested in.
our south park cows have just beaten the washington dodgeball team, and are on their way to the world championship in china.
- and just what price would you pay for you trying to blow it.
just imagine and big yellow dodgeball champions bear hanging in the cafeteria.
you see it's not ok to make fun of an american because they're black brown or whatever.
but it is ok to make fun of foreigners because they're from another country.
i don't supposed they'll have any problem seeing the ball with their big american eyes.
yeah good thing they have those big eyes so they don't have to rely on that amazing american intellect
i would like to personally thank all of you for your enthusiastic cooperation.
now let's head it one more time for our world champions south park cows!
don't you realize that the last thing i ever wanted was to be singled out?
i just wanted to do my job, and live my life like any normal person, but instead you've made everybody focus on my handycap all week long.
so let's have half of the children on this side, and half the children on that side.
excuse me a moment gentlemen, i don't believe i know how to play dodgeball.
god damn maybe if you didn't eat all those crossaints be able to get...
ok, that was pretty good pip, but you're supposed to hit the kids on the other team.
i have a still born fetus growth attached to my head.
and when she moved up and down, the little fetus jiggled.
you see boys, sometimes when babies are born, they're born as twins.
but sometimes the twins get hooked together and they're born as siamese twins.
sometimes, after the siamese twins are joined together, one of the twins dies before birth.
the living baby is born, with the dead baby still attached.
sometimes, the dead twin is inside the living person, so even you could have a dead twin inside you and not even know it!
so now that you're edjucated about her disease, you won't need to make fun of her, right boobie?
now come on, we have a lot of practicing to do.
aren't we supposed to have won something in order to go to state finals?
this poor woman is forced to live in the shadows because she feels like an outcast.
it is up to us to make her feel comfortable and welcome in out town.
well i certainly wanna thank you for bringing your team down.
apparently nobody else would play us, because they knew we'd just beat 'em silly.
we could get you a few hats, and you could wear a different one every day.
i really appreciate what you're trying to do here, but it's not necessary.
gonna need some creme on yo ass, it's all swollen and red.
ladies and gentlemen this is indeed a great week for south park.
mrs. herman has opened the east wing of the library, and our own south park cows elementary school dodgeball team is going to the national finals.
where they will undoubtly be beaten senseless by the washington team.
they use steroids and training equipment to make them not kids, but animals.
- well good luck, we've got our futures to think about.
ok, tom, looks like the americans are getting ready to play.
i don't supposed they'll have any problem seeing the ball with their big american eyes.
ladies and gentlemen on this 4th day of cojoined twin myslexia week all our prayers are with our little south park cows now playing their hearts out in china.
now join me in saluting our cows and help make nurse gollum not feel like an outcast with our first official conjoined twin myslexia hats!
- hey if you want to make him throw the ball, say this.
hey you american dumbass, you french piece of crap, throw ball.
but sometimes the twins get hooked together and they're born as siamese twins.
sometimes, after the siamese twins are joined together, one of the twins dies before birth.
the living baby is born, with the dead baby still attached.
sometimes, the dead twin is inside the living person, so even you could have a dead twin inside you and not even know it!
apparently nobody else would play us, because they knew we'd just beat 'em silly.
so i told the school board to find me some hick school from the mountains, and here you are.
so did you ever think of you just you know, having it cut off?
yes, principal victoria, the thought had occured to me, unfortunately it would mean my death.
ladies and gentlemen this is indeed a great week for south park.
mrs. herman has opened the east wing of the library, and our own south park cows elementary school dodgeball team is going to the national finals.
where they will undoubtly be beaten senseless by the washington team.
but most importantly this week has brought to my attention a very serious and dreaded disease.
and now friends, it's time to present lifetime conjoined twin achievement award.
this award goes to outstanding conjoined twins who have made a mark on society.
- excuse me mayor, but i just received some news that you might all be interested in.
our south park cows have just beaten the washington dodgeball team, and are on their way to the world championship in china.
- and just what price would you pay for you trying to blow it.
just imagine and big yellow dodgeball champions bear hanging in the cafeteria.
you see it's not ok to make fun of an american because they're black brown or whatever.
but it is ok to make fun of foreigners because they're from another country.
i don't supposed they'll have any problem seeing the ball with their big american eyes.
yeah good thing they have those big eyes so they don't have to rely on that amazing american intellect
i would like to personally thank all of you for your enthusiastic cooperation.
now let's head it one more time for our world champions south park cows!
don't you realize that the last thing i ever wanted was to be singled out?
i just wanted to do my job, and live my life like any normal person, but instead you've made everybody focus on my handycap all week long.
but what are you going to pass on, if the bastard grabs it?
we don't know who, but we have to find somebody to do it.
i didn't call you bastard like the others, but i knew you were one.
and that's all you'll ever be, even if you own all these farms.
so how many prayers do you give him for grabbing property by turning the farmers in?
one of them has died in a camp now, so he killed him
he was in jail a few times, he joined the army, he disappeared.
he came back with the germans and started to take his revenge.
virgin mary, don't make me hold a dead son in my arms like you...
the others get love from their children at least, but me?
so we lined them up with those bodies under the trees.
we threw their balls to the dogs, but the dogs didn't want them...
let me be the first to raise a glass to to god-uncle charlie.
as long as you're doing the laundry, the kitchen towels could use a washing.
daphne... is cooking dinner... for your date with a fictitious woman.
why not just set a place for the march hare and the mad hatter?
i didn't plan for this, but we are having a perfect evening.
i need a few more minutes alone and i'll be able to tell her everything.
niles, this absurd lie is likely to blow up in your face.
as long as i keep track of what i'm saying, nothing is going to blow up on anyone.
you never had any idea he had his eye on you?
i caught him staring at me in the elevator this morning.
if you rush things, you may ruin something that has a real chance.
no smart woman would get involved with a man in the middle of a divorce.
every time i go pick her up at the airport, it's so great.
but i'm thinking, "i'll be right back in a couple of days, dropping her off."
every time i go pick her up at the airport, it's so great.
but i'm thinking, "i'll be right back in a couple of days, dropping her off."
can you believe something that stupid actually got us our apartment back?
if you had just done that after the last contest no one would have had to move at all.
no really, when i'm with you i'm-i'm like this whole other guy, i love that guy!
i mean, i love you too, a lot, but that guy!
okay, i've got a carton of milk in my fridge i've had a longer relationship with!
look guys, when i'm with her it's-it's-it's like she brings this-this-this great side out of me.
look, i want those basketball seats as much as you do!
okay, but we can't leave in the small apartment after we've lived here!
can you believe that something that stupid actually got us our apartment back?
that's so funny to think if you'd just done that right after the last contest, no one would have had to move at all.
every time i go pick her up at the airport, it's so great.
but i'm thinking, "l'll be right back in a couple of days, dropping her off. "
can you believe something that stupid actually got us our apartment back?
if you had just done that after the last contest no one would have had to move at all.
every time i go pick her up at the airport, it's so great.
but i'm thinking, "i'll be right back in a couple of days, dropping her off."
use it for a couple of weeks, then you pay us what you think it's worth.
if it doesn't work for you and your wife, pay us nothing.
and i'm just a kid, nobody pays any attention to me.
i can't even visit mr. wilson's house anymore, for crying out loud.
we interrupt this broadcast to bring you footage... from a spectacular rescue at the grand canyon.
i was getting this rock for my best friend, mr. wilson.
although polls show most qubecers disapprove of the methods used by the flq, their message has aroused sympathy.
calls to radio talkshows show that part of the population approves of the flq's denunciation of the elites governing the country.
finally, in closing, we travel to the other side of the globe where the osaka world's fair is winding down.
seen as a huge success by international participants, it enabled nations of the world to showcase the best of their cultures in a remarkable atmosphere of fraternity.
- here, in this ultramodern theatre, the visitor discovers a little-known facet of japanese culture:
the no play, a theatrical form dating back to the samurai.
- with your army troops, you seem to be combating them as almost, as though it is a war.
and if it is a war, is anything that they say have validity?
just because walter works for the embassy, we're not trying to convert you.
even so far away, we know what's going on at home.
- the no side is still leading 58%%%, almost 59%%%, to 41%%%.
for a reaction we'll ask someone who campaigned actively for the winning side,
i'm sure you're very pleased, but are you surprised at the scale of the victory?
- l thought we'd win, but not with a majority like this, which is very satisfying.
both sides of the barricade behaved with a great deal of civilisy... civility.
there were a few outbursts, but i was very pleased with the tone of debate.
it's like a couple trying desperately to find shared ground or a project.
but it's sterile, there's no common identity that's really... i don't know...
- prime minister trudeau rejected outright the demands of the flq - the qubec liberation front.
he delivered an ultimatum, giving the kidnappers a six-hour deadline to free the british diplomat and the minister of labor.
calls to radio talkshows show that part of the population approves of the flq's denunciation of the elites governing the country.
finally, in closing, we travel to the other side of the globe where the osaka world's fair is winding down.
seen as a huge success by international participants, it enabled nations of the world to showcase the best of their cultures in a remarkable atmosphere of fraternity.
now, to wind up our series on expo 70, madeleine st-laurent takes us to the japanese pavilion.
the no play, a theatrical form dating back to the samurai.
in the calm of the kagami-no-ma, the no actor assumes the role of an exiled young woman who, after trying to drown her torment in a river, finds her way back thanks to words her warrior lover has written in fire.
- don't be a jerk. i have to earn a living, pay the rent!
- look, i get the feeling you think i fart around all day.
- your invitation to the official dinner with the cultural attach and his charming wife.
we came up with an excuse not to go, huh, lynda?
concerned about the military's sweeping new powers, an english journalist questioned trudeau at the commons.
- with your army troops, you seem to be combating them as almost, as though it is a war.
- you said language is our struggle, our form of resistance.
the way we speak it, the words we use... words different from the oppressor's.
- usually, when people compliment the costumes, they didn't like the play.
- l liked it. i thought it was... interesting, entertaining, refreshing.
- l thought we'd win, but not with a majority like this, which is very satisfying.
both sides of the barricade behaved with a great deal of civilisy... civility.
there were a few outbursts, but i was very pleased with the tone of debate.
- so, the big story for qubec and the entire country, the big story is the no's stunning victory...
it takes more energy to change political and social forms than to do nothing.
- yeah, but the people who voted no, they have a project, too.
ok, we share a certain intimacy, certain values... but we don't have a project for the future.
i don't know, like... i'm not saying it's sterile... not completely. lt can be very pleasant. lt's an option.
on the proposition by the vicar, seconded by mr newitt -
that there should be 'a slightly firmer hand on the rudder'
'well, a cause very close to my heart is nursery schools.
'i mean, surely everyone should be able to read and write.
just my ballet teacher said that unfortunately my ankle was too bendy.
thousands of us in the church all started off as dancers.
why would anyone be stupid enough to want fame and fortune when you can have the stars at night and a proper friend by your side?
i always make a wish when i look at the stars.
and today is valentines day, so i just whant to say a few words, by the everly brothers, for lovers everywhare and particularly to the woman i love.
i bless the day i found you, i whant my arms around you.
how could it know that death was just round the corner?
alice, look, i'm not going to tell you these jokes anymore if you keep on responding like this.
oh, so much beauty, so much potential, it never got born.
never saw the light of the sun, or felt the gentle rustle of the breeze through its feathers.
when it catches fire, it will give us the effect of a viking funeral, but with none of the morbidity.
the hudson river authority says that for you, they'll make a special dispensation.
'cause the truth is, honey, there's no sense living your life without this.
to make the journey and not fall deeply in love, well, you haven't lived a life at all.
all those admonitions about being " deliriously happy, that there is no sense living your life without."
all the sparks and energy you give off, the rosy advice you dispense in round, pear-shaped tones.
hitting on me in as nice a way as i've been hit on in a long time.
the second that you found out i was my father's daughter, you, uh...
when you put your mouth to his, it seemed a frequent thing.
drew is none of your business, and neither is where i put my mouth.
no passion or rapture or any of these mighty things you're so intent on imparting.
but i am certain, should you say who i am, our adventure would end abruptly.
but i also knew there was more to life than buying something for a dollar... and selling it for two.
i'd hoped to create something, something which could be... held to the highest standards.
and perhaps cheating on your french philosophers exam at the groton school... was an expedient way to get your diploma, and perhaps it wasn't.
be that as it may, drew, a question can often be argued both ways.
now, what we're trying to do here is to, uh... to gather our thoughts in light of bill's rejection of bontecou's offer... and to make an appropriate presentation to him... as to how we think the company might proceed.
won't you share with our board the information you gave me last night?
we have a right to know how you are managing the operations of this company.
and, most importantly, that you have not delegated someone to do it for you.
mandatory retirement on our chairman's 65th birthday, at which time the chairman will be named emeritus.
you're welcome to attend all meetings... and will serve as international spokesman for the corporation.
i'm only living the parrish bywords... looking for that "ounce of excitement,"
that " whisper of a thrill there is no sense living your life without."
you may be the pro, joe, but i know who you are, and you're all fucked up.
i don't like your tone, and i don't like your references.
but the truth is, it bound to happen... if you stay long enough.
so take that nice picture you got in your head home with you, but don't be fooled.
oh, i told drew and the board that bill depended on you.
drew and bontecou are gonna chop up the company, sell it off for parts.
oh, i've got a baritone with a balalaika... coming from the russian tea room.
i've dressed him in a cossack shirt, and he'll be singing nelson eddy songs.
i loved susan from the moment she was born, and i love her now and every minute in between.
and what i dream of is a man who will discover her, and that she will discover a man... who will love her, who is worthy of her, who is of this world, this time... and has the grace, compassion and fortitude to walk beside her... as she makes her way through life.
why don't you tell her, try it out, see what happens?
reveal everything there is to know about yourself and let the chips fall where they may.
i've had the opportunity to be witness to every kind and degree of deception.
but bill parrish has been on the receiving end of machinations so machiavellian... that it has rarely been my experience to encounter.
and yet, he has combatted them stoically and selflessly, without revealing my identity.
had he violated the vow of secrecy he took, his task would have been far easier.
mmm, yes, we were convinced that bontecou, on past deals, has structured his mergers and acquisitions... in suspicious and complicated ways so as to evade paying the taxes he is liable for.
the agency asked bill for his cooperation in an undercover investigation of bontecou.
of course, that's not his real name... smelled out your involvement, drew.
he developed evidence you were working both sides of the fence.
should you choose to test my resolve in this matter, you will be looking at an outcome that will have a finality... that is beyond your comprehension.
and you will not be counting the days or the months or the years, but millenniums in a place with no doors.
when it catches fire, it will give us the effect of a viking funeral, but with none of the morbidity.
the hudson river authority says that for you, they'll make a special dispensation.
to make the journey and not fall deeply in love, well, you haven't lived a life at all.
but you have to try, 'cause if you haven't tried, you haven't lived.
ls it just the executive committee, or are you guys gonna use me?
quince, man, thanks for the offer, but it's all set for just me and bill.
- we have an acceptance list that would do the white house proud:
the chairman of the f.c.c., the secretary general of the u.n.,
the man from whose lips fall "rapture" and "passion" and "obsession"?
all those admonitions about being "deliriously happy, that there is no sense living your life without."
the question you've been asking yourself with increased regularity, at odd moments, panting through the extra game of handball, when you ran for the plane in delhi, when you sat up in bed last night and hit the floor in the office this morning.
the question that is in the back of your throat, choking the blood to your brain, ringing in your ears over and over as you put it to yourself.
hitting on me in as nice a way as i've been hit on in a long time.
the second that you found out i was my father's daughter, you, uh--
i have a certain function to perform, and it seems to take up most of my time.
but sometimes i... speculate... that i haven't left room for... anything else.
no passion or rapture or any of these mighty things you're so intent on imparting.
but i am certain, should you say who i am, our adventure would end abruptly.
but i also knew there was more to life than buying something for a dollar... and selling it for two.
i'd hoped to create something, something which could be... held to the highest standards.
and perhaps cheating on your french philosophers exam at the groton school... was an expedient way to get your diploma, and perhaps it wasn't.
be that as it may, drew, a question can often be argued both ways.
bill parrish dealt with us preemptively... in dismissing any deal with bontecou.
therefore, i'm sorry to say that if we're to examine this new offer responsibly, as the board of directors of parrish communications, we must do so without its chairman.
when it catches fire, it will give us the effect of a viking funeral, but with none of the morbidity.
the hudson river authority says that for you, they'll make a special dispensation.
to make the journey and not fall deeply in love, well, you haven't lived a life at all.
but you have to try, 'cause if you haven't tried, you haven't lived.
ls it just the executive committee, or are you guys gonna use me?
quince, man, thanks for the offer, but it's all set for just me and bill.
- we have an acceptance list that would do the white house proud:
the chairman of the f.c.c., the secretary general of the u.n.,
the man from whose lips fall "rapture" and "passion" and "obsession"?
all those admonitions about being "deliriously happy, that there is no sense living your life without."
hitting on me in as nice a way as i've been hit on in a long time.
the second that you found out i was my father's daughter, you, uh--
i have a certain function to perform, and it seems to take up most of my time.
but sometimes i... speculate... that i haven't left room for... anything else.
no passion or rapture or any of these mighty things you're so intent on imparting.
but i am certain, should you say who i am, our adventure would end abruptly.
what i'm trying to say is this is a board meeting and you're not a member.
i'm sure you'll find a way to make it all right.
if we give him license to absorb parrish communications-- and he has his eye on a few others after us-- in order to reach the world, you will have to go through john bontecou.
and not only will you have to pay him to do this, far more important, you'll have to agree with him.
- perhaps a merger is a way... to bring bill's company into the 21st century, and perhaps it isn't.
and perhaps cheating on your french philosophers exam at the groton school... was an expedient way to get your diploma, and perhaps it wasn't.
bill parrish dealt with us preemptively... in dismissing any deal with bontecou.
therefore, i'm sorry to say that if we're to examine this new offer responsibly, as the board of directors of parrish communications, we must do so without its chairman.
now, what we're trying to do here is to, uh-- to gather our thoughts in light of bill's rejection of bontecou's offer... and to make an appropriate presentation to him... as to how we think the company might proceed.
won't you share with our board the information you gave me last night?
well, uh, i'm hap-- i'm happy to tell you i got good news.
as i was, uh, as i was telling drew, uh, i've been making a little hay while the bontecou sun was shining.
mandatory retirement on our chairman's 65th birthday, at which time the chairman will be named emeritus.
you're welcome to attend all meetings... and will serve as international spokesman for the corporation.
i chose you for your verve, your excellence... and your ability to... instruct.
you've lived a first-rate life, and i find it eminently usable.
you may be the pro, joe, but i know who you are, and you're all fucked up.
i don't like your tone, and i don't like your references.
oh, i told drew and the board that bill depended on you.
drew and bontecou are gonna chop up the company, sell it off for parts.
she always gets a smile from you, as opposed to me.
when i walk in, this look comes over your face, like, "what does she want now?"
because you've somehow developed into a good guy, and you know this is all wrong.
i don't know what you're gonna do, but, uh, how can this be love?
i've had the opportunity to be witness to every kind and degree of deception.
but bill parrish has been on the receiving end of machinations so machiavellian... that it has rarely been my experience to encounter.
and yet, he has combatted them stoically and selflessly, without revealing my identity.
had he violated the vow of secrecy he took, his task would have been far easier.
mmm, yes, we were convinced that bontecou, on past deals, has structured his mergers and acquisitions... in suspicious and complicated ways so as to evade paying the taxes he is liable for.
the agency asked bill for his cooperation in an undercover investigation of bontecou.
he developed evidence you were working both sides of the fence.
unfortunately, that is what is known as a conflict of interest.
archers from the state college of new paltz will shoot flaming arrows at it.
when it catches fire, it will give us the effect of a viking funeral, but with none of the morbidity.
the hudson river authority says that for you, they'll make a special dispensation.
but, of course, there will be an overtime bill... for the poughkeepsie fire department.
'cause the truth is, honey, there's no sense living your life without this.
to make the journey and not fall deeply in love, well, you haven't lived a life at all.
- we have an acceptance list that would do the white house proud:
the chairman of the f.c.c., the secretary general of the u.n.,
the man from whose lips fall "rapture" and "passion" and "obsession"?
all those admonitions about being "deliriously happy, that there is no sense living your life without".
hitting on me in as nice a way as i've been hit on in a long time.
the second that you found out i was my father's daughter, you, uh...
i have a certain function to perform, and it seems to take up most of my time.
but sometimes i... speculate... that i haven't left room for... anything else.
if we give him license to absorb parrish communications... and he has his eye on a few others after us... in order to reach the world, you will have to go through john bontecou.
and not only will you have to pay him to do this, far more important, you'll have to agree with him.
- perhaps a merger is a way... to bring bill's company into the 21st century, and perhaps it isn't.
and perhaps cheating on your french philosophers exam at the groton school... was an expedient way to get your diploma, and perhaps it wasn't.
bill parrish dealt with us preemptively... in dismissing any deal with bontecou.
therefore, i'm sorry to say that if we're to examine this new offer responsibly, as the board of directors of parrish communications, we must do so without its chairman.
mandatory retirement on our chairman's 65th birthday, at which time the chairman will be named emeritus.
you're welcome to attend all meetings... and will serve as international spokesman for the corporation.
i chose you for your verve, your excellence... and your ability to... instruct.
you've lived a first-rate life, and i find it eminently usable.
what would you say if you knew it was me who brought down bill parrish?
oh, i told drew and the board that bill depended on you.
she always gets a smile from you, as opposed to me.
when i walk in, this look comes over your face, like, "what does she want now?"
i wanna tell this guy how i feel about him face-to-face.
that could be a tall order, b.p. i doubt if drew is anxious to see you face-to-face.
i loved susan from the moment she was born, and i love her now and every minute in between.
and what i dream of is a man who will discover her, and that she will discover a man... who will love her, who is worthy of her, who is of this world, this time... and has the grace, compassion and fortitude to walk beside her... as she makes her way through life.
why don't you tell her, try it out, see what happens?
reveal everything there is to know about yourself and let the chips fall where they may.
i've had the opportunity to be witness to every kind and degree of deception.
but bill parrish has been on the receiving end of machinations so machiavellian... that it has rarely been my experience to encounter.
and yet, he has combatted them stoically and selflessly, without revealing my identity.
had he violated the vow of secrecy he took, his task would have been far easier.
mmm, yes, we were convinced that bontecou, on past deals, has structured his mergers and acquisitions... in suspicious and complicated ways so as to evade paying the taxes he is liable for.
the agency asked bill for his cooperation in an undercover investigation of bontecou.
of course, that's not his real name... smelled out your involvement, drew.
he developed evidence you were working both sides of the fence.
should you choose to test my resolve in this matter, you will be looking at an outcome that will have a finality... that is beyond your comprehension.
and you will not be counting the days or the months or the years, but millenniums in a place with no doors.
and i'm gonna break precedent and tell you my one candle wish.
that you would have a life as lucky as mine, where you can wake up one morning and say,
now that we have a moment, would you mind if i expressed my gratitude for what you did for susan?
i've never heard her speak of any man as she spoke of you.
when it catches fire, it will give us the effect of a viking funeral, but with none of the morbidity.
the hudson river authority says that for you, they'll make a special dispensation.
there's not an ounce of excitement, not a... whisper of a thrill.
and this relationship has all the passion of a pair of titmice.
'cause the truth is, honey, there's no sense living your life without this.
to make the journey and not fall deeply in love, well, you haven't lived a life at all.
is it just the executive committee, or are you guys gonna use me?
quince, man, thanks for the offer, but it's all set for just me and bill.
and i want to have music that pleases you, but doesn't put a thousand other people to sleep.
- i've agonized over it and finally settled on sidney brown.
- we have an acceptance list that would do the white house proud:
the chairman of the f.c.c., the secretary general of the u.n.,
the man from whose lips fall "rapture" and "passion" and "obsession"?
all those admonitions about being "deliriously happy, that there is no sense living your life without."
when you put your mouth to his, it seemed a frequent thing.
drew is none of your business, and neither is where i put my mouth.
if we give him license to absorb parrish communications- and he has his eye on a few others after us- in order to reach the world, you will have to go through john bontecou.
and not only will you have to pay him to do this, far more important, you'll have to agree with him.
and perhaps cheating on your french philosophers exam at the groton school... was an expedient way to get your diploma, and perhaps it wasn't.
be that as it may, drew, a question can often be argued both ways.
bontecou is so anxious to get us, he said he'd take parrish communications with bill parrish or without.
in this crisis, and be assured... this is a crisis, it's not pleasant to say the following.
won't you share with our board the information you gave me last night?
well, uh, i'm hap- i'm happy to tell you i got good news.
mandatory retirement on our chairman's 65th birthday, at which time the chairman will be named emeritus.
you're welcome to attend all meetings... and will serve as international spokesman for the corporation.
i'm only living the parrish bywords- looking for that "ounce of excitement,"
that "whisper of a thrill there is no sense living your life without."
you may be the pro, joe, but i know who you are, and you're all fucked up.
i don't like your tone, and i don't like your references.
but the truth is, it bound to happen... if you stay long enough.
so take that nice picture you got in your head home with you, but don't be fooled.
oh, i told drew and the board that bill depended on you.
drew and bontecou are gonna chop up the company, sell it off for parts.
oh, i've got a baritone with a balalaika... coming from the russian tea room.
i've dressed him in a cossack shirt, and he'll be singing nelson eddy songs.
i wanna tell this guy how i feel about him face-to-face.
that could be a tall order, b.p. i doubt if drew is anxious to see you face-to-face.
i loved susan from the moment she was born, and i love her now and every minute in between.
and what i dream of is a man who will discover her, and that she will discover a man... who will love her, who is worthy of her, who is of this world, this time... and has the grace, compassion and fortitude to walk beside her... as she makes her way through life.
why don't you tell her, try it out, see what happens?
reveal everything there is to know about yourself and let the chips fall where they may.
members of the board, this will just take a minute of your time.
as custodians of the company, you may receive information from what follows... that will be valuable to you or not.
i've had the opportunity to be witness to every kind and degree of deception.
but bill parrish has been on the receiving end of machinations so machiavellian... that it has rarely been my experience to encounter.
and yet, he has combatted them stoically and selflessly, without revealing my identity.
had he violated the vow of secrecy he took, his task would have been far easier.
mmm, yes, we were convinced that bontecou, on past deals, has structured his mergers and acquisitions... in suspicious and complicated ways so as to evade paying the taxes he is liable for.
the agency asked bill for his cooperation in an undercover investigation of bontecou.
he developed evidence you were working both sides of the fence.
unfortunately, that is what is known as a conflict of interest.
and i'm gonna break precedent and tell you my one candle wish.
that you would have a life as lucky as mine, where you can wake up one morning and say,
now that we have a moment, would you mind if i expressed my gratitude for what you did for susan?
i've never heard her speak of any man as she spoke of you.
archers from the state college of new paltz will shoot flaming arrows at it.
when it catches fire, it will give us the effect of a viking funeral, but with none of the morbidity.
the hudson river authority says that for you, they'll make a special dispensation.
but, of course, there will be an overtime bill... for the poughkeepsie fire department.
'cause the truth is, honey, there's no sense living your life without this.
to make the journey and not fall deeply in love, well, you haven't lived a life at all.
all those admonitions about being "deliriously happy, that there is no sense living your life without."
all the sparks and energy you give off, the rosy advice you dispense in round, pear-shaped tones.
hitting on me in as nice a way as i've been hit on in a long time.
the second that you found out i was my father's daughter, you, uh--
when you put your mouth to his, it seemed a frequent thing.
drew is none of your business, and neither is where i put my mouth.
no passion or rapture or any of these mighty things you're so intent on imparting.
but i am certain, should you say who i am, our adventure would end abruptly.
our sole order of business today is a, uh-- is an acceptance of john bontecou's generous offer.
and i think bill-- do you have any more of these delicious cookies ?
but i also knew there was more to life than buying something for a dollar... and selling it for two.
i'd hoped to create something, something which could be... held to the highest standards.
in my estimation-- perhaps a merger is a way... to bring bill's company into the 2 1 st century, and perhaps it isn't.
and perhaps cheating on your french philosophers exam at the groton school... was an expedient way to get your diploma, and perhaps it wasn't.
bill, why at this juncture... are you letting yourself be so concerned by business matters ?
'cause i don't want anybody buying up my life's work !
bill parrish dealt with us preemptively... in dismissing any deal with bontecou.
therefore, i'm sorry to say that if we're to examine this new offer responsibly, as the board of directors of parrish communications, we must do so without its chairman.
won't you share with our board the information you gave me last night ?
well, uh, i'm hap-- i'm happy to tell you i got good news.
have you had a chance to, uh, look at my father's rare books ?
he has jefferson's parliamentary manual, and, uh, this first edition of bleak house.
you're welcome to attend all meetings... and will serve as international spokesman for the corporation.
plus, of course, a settlement, a golden parachute of such magnitude that his feet will never touch the ground.
i'm only living the parrish bywords-- looking for that "ounce of excitement,"
that "whisper of a thrill there is no sense living your life without."
you may be the pro,joe, but i know who you are, and you're all fucked up.
i don't like your tone, and i don't like your references.
but the truth is, it bound to happen... if you stay long enough.
so take that nice picture you got in your head home with you, but don't be fooled.
what would you say if you knew it was me who brought down bill parrish ?
oh, i told drew and the board that bill depended on you.
oh, i've got a baritone with a balalaika... coming from the russian tea room.
i've dressed him in a cossack shirt, and he'll be singing nelson eddy songs.
i wanna tell this guy how i feel about him face-to-face.
that could be a tall order, b.p. i doubt if drew is anxious to see you face-to-face.
because you've somehow developed into a good guy, and you know this is all wrong.
i don't know what you're gonna do, but, uh, how can this be love ?
i've had the opportunity to be witness to every kind and degree of deception.
but bill parrish has been on the receiving end of machinations so machiavellian... that it has rarely been my experience to encounter.
and yet, he has combatted them stoically and selflessly, without revealing my identity.
had he violated the vow of secrecy he took, his task would have been far easier.
mmm, yes, we were convinced that bontecou, on past deals, has structured his mergers and acquisitions... in suspicious and complicated ways so as to evade paying the taxes he is liable for.
the agency asked bill for his cooperation in an undercover investigation of bontecou.
he developed evidence you were working both sides of the fence.
unfortunately, that is what is known as a conflict of interest.
soon as i get back to the city, i'll meet with the board.
[ eddie ] you're meeting with the board right now, drew.
and i'm gonna break precedent and tell you my one candle wish.
that you would have a life as lucky as mine, where you can wake up one morning and say,
archers from the state college of new paltz will shoot flaming arrows at it.
when it catches fire, it will give us the effect of a viking funeral, but with none of the morbidity.
the hudson river authority says that for you, they'll make a special dispensation.
but, of course, there will be an overtime bill... for the poughkeepsie fire department.
there's not an ounce of excitement, not a... whisper of a thrill.
and this relationship has all the passion of a pair of titmice.
'cause the truth is, honey, there's no sense living your life without this.
to make the journey and not fall deeply in love, well, you haven't lived a life at all.
- we have an acceptance list that would do the white house proud:
the chairman of the f.c.c., the secretary general of the u.n.,
the man from whose lips fall "rapture" and "passion" and "obsession"?
all those admonitions about being "deliriously happy, that there is no sense living your life without."
when you put your mouth to his, it seemed a frequent thing.
drew is none of your business, and neither is where i put my mouth.
but i also knew there was more to life than buying something for a dollar... and selling it for two.
i'd hoped to create something, something which could be... held to the highest standards.
and perhaps cheating on your french philosophers exam at the groton school... was an expedient way to get your diploma, and perhaps it wasn't.
be that as it may, drew, a question can often be argued both ways.
bill parrish dealt with us preemptively... in dismissing any deal with bontecou.
therefore, i'm sorry to say that if we're to examine this new offer responsibly, as the board of directors of parrish communications, we must do so without its chairman.
now, what we're trying to do here is to, uh... to gather our thoughts in light of bill's rejection of bontecou's offer... and to make an appropriate presentation to him... as to how we think the company might proceed.
won't you share with our board the information you gave me last night?
have you had a chance to, uh, look at my father's rare books?
he has jefferson's parliamentary manual, and, uh, this first edition of bleak house.
we have a right to know how you are managing the operations of this company.
and, most importantly, that you have not delegated someone to do it for you.
you're welcome to attend all meetings... and will serve as international spokesman for the corporation.
plus, of course, a settlement, a golden parachute of such magnitude that his feet will never touch the ground.
i'm only living the parrish bywords... looking for that "ounce of excitement,"
that "whisper of a thrill there is no sense living your life without."
you may be the pro, joe, but i know who you are, and you're all fucked up.
i don't like your tone, and i don't like your references.
what would you say if you knew it was me who brought down bill parrish?
oh, i told drew and the board that bill depended on you.
she always gets a smile from you, as opposed to me.
when i walk in, this look comes over your face, like, "what does she want now?"
because you've somehow developed into a good guy, and you know this is all wrong.
i don't know what you're gonna do, but, uh, how can this be love?
members of the board, this will just take a minute of your time.
as custodians of the company, you may receive information from what follows... that will be valuable to you or not.
you've operated behind the scenes to suborn the trust of a man... who has stamped you with his imprimatur of class, elegance and stature.
i've had the opportunity to be witness to every kind and degree of deception.
but bill parrish has been on the receiving end of machinations so machiavellian... that it has rarely been my experience to encounter.
and yet, he has combatted them stoically and selflessly, without revealing my identity.
but he is too honorable a man to have done that.
because of me, he has lost his work, his company, his reputation.
the agency asked bill for his cooperation in an undercover investigation of bontecou.
we wanted to go after him, and this deal gave us that perfect opportunity.
he developed evidence you were working both sides of the fence.
unfortunately, that is what is known as a conflict of interest.
[ chuckles ] i'm looking for a saffron glow, sort of tea-dance '20s.
if food is the prose of a party, then lights are its poetry.
it works. lf food is the prose of a party, lights are its poetry.
i like that. lf music were the food of love, play on. i'm going out of my mind.
archers from the state college of new paltz will shoot flaming arrows at it.
when it catches fire, it will give us the effect of a viking funeral, but with none of the morbidity.
the hudson river authority says that for you, they'll make a special dispensation.
but, of course, there will be an overtime bill... for the poughkeepsie fire department.
to make the journey and not fall deeply in love, well, you haven't lived a life at all.
but you have to try, 'cause if you haven't tried, you haven't lived.
quince, man, thanks for the offer, but it's all set for just me and bill.
- more people might-- - l know. i know, gum up the works.
i sat between them at the bronx zoo benefit. lt was better than seconal.
[ bill's voice ] i'm waiting outside the front door, bill.
all those admonitions about being "deliriously happy, that there is no sense living your life without."
all the sparks and energy you give off, the rosy advice you dispense in round, pear-shaped tones.
the question you've been asking yourself with increased regularity, at odd moments, panting through the extra game of handball, when you ran for the plane in delhi, when you sat up in bed last night and hit the floor in the office this morning.
the question that is in the back of your throat, choking the blood to your brain, ringing in your ears over and over as you put it to yourself.
- [ chuckles ] not the one that i met this morning.
hitting on me in as nice a way as i've been hit on in a long time.
when you put your mouth to his, it seemed a frequent thing.
drew is none of your business, and neither is where l put my mouth.
i have a certain function to perform, and it seems to take up most of my time.
but sometimes i... speculate... that i haven't left room for... anything else.
no passion or rapture or any of these mighty things you're so intent on imparting.
but i am certain, should you say who i am, our adventure would end abruptly.
i'd hoped to create something, something which could be... held to the highest standards.
and what i realized was l-- l wanted to give the news to the world.
joe, i don't-- l don't have time to see you right now.
i'm, um, about to start making rounds, and i'm examining back-to-back patients until dinner, and, uh--
and perhaps cheating on your french philosophers exam at the groton school... was an expedient way to get your diploma, and perhaps it wasn't.
be that as it may, drew, a question can often be argued both ways.
but i just gotta tell you, if mergers are in the wind, i've developed some great prospects.
and i want to come and talk to you about-- about 'em next week.
[ clicks tongue ] i remember when you were little girls, and, uh-- l love little girls.
and uh, now you're all grown up, and i, um-- l had some words prepared, but, uh, i've forgotten them.
bontecou is so anxious to get us, he said he'd take parrish communications with bill parrish or without.
[ board member coughs ] ln this crisis, and be assured... this is a crisis, it's not pleasant to say the following.
won't you share with our board the information you gave me last night ?
well, uh, i'm hap-- l'm happy to tell you i got good news.
you're welcome to attend all meetings... and will serve as international spokesman for the corporation.
plus, of course, a settlement, a golden parachute of such magnitude that his feet will never touch the ground.
what would you say if you knew it was me who brought down bill parrish ?
oh, i told drew and the board that bill depended on you.
oh, i've got a baritone with a balalaika... coming from the russian tea room.
i've dressed him in a cossack shirt, and he'll be singing nelson eddy songs.
she always gets a smile from you, as opposed to me.
when i walk in, this look comes over your face, like, "what does she want now ?"
i loved susan from the moment she was born, and i love her now and every minute in between.
and what i dream of is a man who will discover her, and that she will discover a man... who will love her, who is worthy of her, who is of this world, this time... and has the grace, compassion and fortitude to walk beside her... as she makes her way through life.
why don't you tell her, try it out, see what happens ?
reveal everything there is to know about yourself and let the chips fall where they may.
you've operated behind the scenes to suborn the trust of a man... who has stamped you with his imprimatur of class, elegance and stature.
i've had the opportunity to be witness to every kind and degree of deception.
but bill parrish has been on the receiving end of machinations so machiavellian... that it has rarely been my experience to encounter.
and yet, he has combatted them stoically and selflessly, without revealing my identity.
but he is too honorable a man to have done that.
because of me, he has lost his work, his company, his reputation.
the agency asked bill for his cooperation in an undercover investigation of bontecou.
we wanted to go after him, and this deal gave us that perfect opportunity.
uh, agent joe black here-- of course, that's not his real name-- smelled out your involvement, drew.
he developed evidence you were working both sides of the fence.
should you choose to test my resolve in this matter, you will be looking at an outcome that will have a finality... that is beyond your comprehension.
and you will not be counting the days or the months or the years, but millenniums in a place with no doors.
[ bill ] now that we have a moment, would you mind if i expressed my gratitude for what you did for susan ?
i've never heard her speak of any man as she spoke of you.
archers from the state college of new paltz will shoot flaming arrows at it.
when it catches fire, it will give us the effect of a viking funeral, but with none of the morbidity.
the hudson river authority says that for you, they'll make a special dispensation.
but, of course, there will be an overtime bill... for the poughkeepsie fire department.
to make the journey and not fall deeply in love, well, you haven't lived a life at all.
but you have to try, 'cause if you haven't tried, you haven't lived.
is it just the executive committee, or are you guys gonna use me?
quince, man, thanks for the offer, but it's all set for just me and bill.
all those admonitions about being " deliriously happy, that there is no sense living your life without."
all the sparks and energy you give off, the rosy advice you dispense in round, pear-shaped tones.
the question you've been asking yourself with increased regularity, at odd moments, panting through the extra game of handball, when you ran for the plane in delhi, when you sat up in bed last night and hit the floor in the office this morning.
the question that is in the back of your throat, choking the blood to your brain, ringing in your ears over and over as you put it to yourself.
but i also knew there was more to life than buying something for a dollar... and selling it for two.
i'd hoped to create something, something which could be... held to the highest standards.
perhaps a merger is a way... to bring bill's company into the 21st century, and perhaps it isn't.
and perhaps cheating on your french philosophers exam at the groton school... was an expedient way to get your diploma, and perhaps it wasn't.
bontecou is so anxious to get us, he said he'd take parrish communications with bill parrish or without.
in this crisis, and be assured... this is a crisis, it's not pleasant to say the following.
mandatory retirement on our chairman's 65th birthday, at which time the chairman will be named emeritus.
you're welcome to attend all meetings... and will serve as international spokesman for the corporation.
but the truth is, it bound to happen... if you stay long enough.
so take that nice picture you got in your head home with you, but don't be fooled.
oh, i told drew and the board that bill depended on you.
drew and bontecou are gonna chop up the company, sell it off for parts.
oh, i've got a baritone with a balalaika... coming from the russian tea room.
i've dressed him in a cossack shirt, and he'll be singing nelson eddy songs.
i wanna tell this guy how i feel about him face-to-face.
that could be a tall order, b.p. i doubt if drew is anxious to see you face-to-face.
i loved susan from the moment she was born, and i love her now and every minute in between.
and what i dream of is a man who will discover her, and that she will discover a man... who will love her, who is worthy of her, who is of this world, this time... and has the grace, compassion and fortitude to walk beside her... as she makes her way through life.
why don't you tell her, try it out, see what happens?
reveal everything there is to know about yourself and let the chips fall where they may.
i've had the opportunity to be witness to every kind and degree of deception.
but bill parrish has been on the receiving end of machinations so machiavellian... that it has rarely been my experience to encounter.
and yet, he has combatted them stoically and selflessly, without revealing my identity.
had he violated the vow of secrecy he took, his task would have been far easier.
mmm, yes, we were convinced that bontecou, on past deals, has structured his mergers and acquisitions... in suspicious and complicated ways so as to evade paying the taxes he is liable for.
the agency asked bill for his cooperation in an undercover investigation of bontecou.
of course, that's not his real name... smelled out your involvement, drew.
he developed evidence you were working both sides of the fence.
should you choose to test my resolve in this matter, you will be looking at an outcome that will have a finality... that is beyond your comprehension.
and you will not be counting the days or the months or the years, but millenniums in a place with no doors.
and i'm gonna break precedent and tell you my one candle wish.
that you would have a life as lucky as mine, where you can wake up one morning and say,
when it catches fire, it will give us the effect of a viking funeral, but with none of the morbidity.
the hudson river authority says that for you, they'll make a special dispensation.
there's not an ounce of excitement, not a... whisper of a thrill.
and this relationship has all the passion of a pair of titmice.
'cause the truth is, honey, there's no sense living your life without this.
to make the journey and not fall deeply in love, well, you haven't lived a life at all.
we have an acceptance list that would do the white house proud:
the chairman of the f.c.c., the secretary general of the u.n.,
the man from whose lips fall "rapture" and "passion" and "obsession"?
all those admonitions about being " deliriously happy, that there is no sense living your life without."
hitting on me in as nice a way as i've been hit on in a long time.
the second that you found out i was my father's daughter, you, uh...
when you put your mouth to his, it seemed a frequent thing.
drew is none of your business, and neither is where i put my mouth.
no passion or rapture or any of these mighty things you're so intent on imparting.
but i am certain, should you say who i am, our adventure would end abruptly.
what i'm trying to say is this is a board meeting and you're not a member.
i'm sure you'll find a way to make it all right.
if we give him license to absorb parrish communications... and he has his eye on a few others after us... in order to reach the world, you will have to go through john bontecou.
and not only will you have to pay him to do this, far more important, you'll have to agree with him.
and perhaps cheating on your french philosophers exam at the groton school... was an expedient way to get your diploma, and perhaps it wasn't.
be that as it may, drew, a question can often be argued both ways.
bill parrish dealt with us pre-emptively... in dismissing any deal with bontecou.
therefore, i'm sorry to say that if we're to examine this new offer responsibly, as the board of directors of parrish communications, we must do so without its chairman.
now, what we're trying to do here is to, uh... to gather our thoughts in light of bill's rejection of bontecou's offer... and to make an appropriate presentation to him... as to how we think the company might proceed.
won't you share with our board the information you gave me last night?
have you had a chance to, uh, look at my father's rare books?
he has jefferson's parliamentary manual, and, uh, this first edition of bleak house.
we have a right to know how you are managing the operations of this company.
and, most importantly, that you have not delegated someone to do it for you.
you're welcome to attend all meetings... and will serve as international spokesman for the corporation.
plus, of course, a settlement, a golden parachute of such magnitude that his feet will never touch the ground.
i'm only living the parrish bywords... looking for that "ounce of excitement,"
that " whisper of a thrill there is no sense living your life without."
you may be the pro, joe, but i know who you are, and you're all fucked up.
i don't like your tone, and i don't like your references.
what would you say if you knew it was me who brought down bill parrish?
oh, i told drew and the board that bill depended on you.
she always gets a smile from you, as opposed to me.
when i walk in, this look comes over your face, like, "what does she want now?"
because you've somehow developed into a good guy, and you know this is all wrong.
i don't know what you're gonna do, but, uh, how can this be love?
members of the board, this will just take a minute of your time.
as custodians of the company, you may receive information from what follows... that will be valuable to you or not.
you've operated behind the scenes to suborn the trust of a man... who has stamped you with his imprimatur of class, elegance and stature.
i've had the opportunity to be witness to every kind and degree of deception.
but bill parrish has been on the receiving end of machinations so machiavellian... that it has rarely been my experience to encounter.
and yet, he has combatted them stoically and selflessly, without revealing my identity.
but he is too honorable a man to have done that.
because of me, he has lost his work, his company, his reputation.
the agency asked bill for his cooperation in an undercover investigation of bontecou.
we wanted to go after him, and this deal gave us that perfect opportunity.
he developed evidence you were working both sides of the fence.
unfortunately, that is what is known as a conflict of interest.
now that we have a moment, would you mind if i expressed my gratitude for what you did for susan?
i've never heard her speak of any man as she spoke of you.
archers from the state college of new paltz will shoot flaming arrows at it.
when it catches fire, it will give us the effect of a viking funeral, but with none of the morbidity.
the hudson river authority says that for you, they'll make a special dispensation.
but, of course, there will be an overtime bill... for the poughkeepsie fire department.
there's not an ounce of excitement, not a... whisper of a thrill.
and this relationship has all the passion of a pair of titmice.
'cause the truth is, honey, there's no sense living your life without this.
to make the journey and not fall deeply in love, well, you haven't lived a life at all.
all those admonitions about being " deliriously happy, that there is no sense living your life without. "
all the sparks and energy you give off, the rosy advice you dispense in round, pear-shaped tones.
the question you've been asking yourself with increased regularity, at odd moments, panting through the extra game of handball, when you ran for the plane in delhi, when you sat up in bed last night and hit the floor in the office this morning.
the question that is in the back of your throat, choking the blood to your brain, ringing in your ears over and over as you put it to yourself.
hitting on me in as nice a way as i've been hit on in a long time.
the second that you found out i was my father's daughter, you, uh...
when you put your mouth to his, it seemed a frequent thing.
drew is none of your business, and neither is where i put my mouth.
no passion or rapture or any of these mighty things you're so intent on imparting.
but i am certain, should you say who i am, our adventure would end abruptly.
what i'm trying to say is this is a board meeting and you're not a member.
i'm sure you'll find a way to make it all right.
but i also knew there was more to life than buying something for a dollar... and selling it for two.
i'd hoped to create something, something which could be... held to the highest standards.
- perhaps a merger is a way... to bring bill's company into the 21st century, and perhaps it isn't.
and perhaps cheating on your french philosophers exam at the groton school... was an expedient way to get your diploma, and perhaps it wasn't.
bontecou is so anxious to get us, he said he'd take parrish communications with bill parrish or without.
in this crisis, and be assured... this is a crisis, it's not pleasant to say the following.
mandatory retirement on our chairman's 65th birthday, at which time the chairman will be named emeritus.
you're welcome to attend all meetings... and will serve as international spokesman for the corporation.
i'm only living the parrish bywords... looking for that "ounce of excitement,"
that " whisper of a thrill there is no sense living your life without. "
you may be the pro, joe, but i know who you are, and you're all fucked up.
i don't like your tone, and i don't like your references.
what would you say if you knew it was me who brought down bill parrish?
oh, i told drew and the board that bill depended on you.
she always gets a smile from you, as opposed to me.
when i walk in, this look comes over your face, like, "what does she want now?"
i wanna tell this guy how i feel about him face-to-face.
that could be a tall order, b.p. i doubt if drew is anxious to see you face-to-face.
i loved susan from the moment she was born, and i love her now and every minute in between.
and what i dream of is a man who will discover her, and that she will discover a man... who will love her, who is worthy of her, who is of this world, this time... and has the grace, compassion and fortitude to walk beside her... as she makes her way through life.
why don't you tell her, try it out, see what happens?
reveal everything there is to know about yourself and let the chips fall where they may.
i've had the opportunity to be witness to every kind and degree of deception.
but bill parrish has been on the receiving end of machinations so machiavellian... that it has rarely been my experience to encounter.
and yet, he has combatted them stoically and selflessly, without revealing my identity.
had he violated the vow of secrecy he took, his task would have been far easier.
mmm, yes, we were convinced that bontecou, on past deals, has structured his mergers and acquisitions... in suspicious and complicated ways so as to evade paying the taxes he is liable for.
the agency asked bill for his cooperation in an undercover investigation of bontecou.
of course, that's not his real name... smelled out your involvement, drew.
he developed evidence you were working both sides of the fence.
should you choose to test my resolve in this matter, you will be looking at an outcome that will have a finality... that is beyond your comprehension.
and you will not be counting the days or the months or the years, but millenniums in a place with no doors.
and i'm gonna break precedent and tell you my one candle wish.
that you would have a life as lucky as mine, where you can wake up one morning and say,
now that we have a moment, would you mind if i expressed my gratitude for what you did for susan?
i've never heard her speak of any man as she spoke of you.
[ chuckles ] i'm looking for a saffron glow, sort of tea-dance '20s.
if food is the prose of a party, then lights are its poetry.
it works. lf food is the prose of a party, lights are its poetry.
i like that. lf music were the food of love, play on. i'm going out of my mind.
archers from the state college of new paltz will shoot flaming arrows at it.
when it catches fire, it will give us the effect of a viking funeral, but with none of the morbidity.
the hudson river authority says that for you, they'll make a special dispensation.
but, of course, there will be an overtime bill... for the poughkeepsie fire department.
to make the journey and not fall deeply in love, well, you haven't lived a life at all.
but you have to try, 'cause if you haven't tried, you haven't lived.
quince, man, thanks for the offer, but it's all set for just me and bill.
- more people might-- - l know. i know, gum up the works.
i sat between them at the bronx zoo benefit. lt was better than seconal.
[ bill's voice ] i'm waiting outside the front door, bill.
all those admonitions about being "deliriously happy, that there is no sense living your life without."
all the sparks and energy you give off, the rosy advice you dispense in round, pear-shaped tones.
the question you've been asking yourself with increased regularity, at odd moments, panting through the extra game of handball, when you ran for the plane in delhi, when you sat up in bed last night and hit the floor in the office this morning.
the question that is in the back of your throat, choking the blood to your brain, ringing in your ears over and over as you put it to yourself.
- [ chuckles ] not the one that i met this morning.
hitting on me in as nice a way as i've been hit on in a long time.
when you put your mouth to his, it seemed a frequent thing.
drew is none of your business, and neither is where l put my mouth.
i have a certain function to perform, and it seems to take up most of my time.
but sometimes i... speculate... that i haven't left room for... anything else.
no passion or rapture or any of these mighty things you're so intent on imparting.
but i am certain, should you say who i am, our adventure would end abruptly.
i'd hoped to create something, something which could be... held to the highest standards.
and what i realized was l-- l wanted to give the news to the world.
joe, i don't-- l don't have time to see you right now.
i'm, um, about to start making rounds, and i'm examining back-to-back patients until dinner, and, uh--
and perhaps cheating on your french philosophers exam at the groton school... was an expedient way to get your diploma, and perhaps it wasn't.
be that as it may, drew, a question can often be argued both ways.
but i just gotta tell you, if mergers are in the wind, i've developed some great prospects.
and i want to come and talk to you about-- about 'em next week.
[ clicks tongue ] i remember when you were little girls, and, uh-- l love little girls.
and uh, now you're all grown up, and i, um-- l had some words prepared, but, uh, i've forgotten them.
bontecou is so anxious to get us, he said he'd take parrish communications with bill parrish or without.
[ board member coughs ] ln this crisis, and be assured... this is a crisis, it's not pleasant to say the following.
won't you share with our board the information you gave me last night ?
well, uh, i'm hap-- l'm happy to tell you i got good news.
you're welcome to attend all meetings... and will serve as international spokesman for the corporation.
plus, of course, a settlement, a golden parachute of such magnitude that his feet will never touch the ground.
what would you say if you knew it was me who brought down bill parrish ?
oh, i told drew and the board that bill depended on you.
oh, i've got a baritone with a balalaika... coming from the russian tea room.
i've dressed him in a cossack shirt, and he'll be singing nelson eddy songs.
she always gets a smile from you, as opposed to me.
when i walk in, this look comes over your face, like, "what does she want now ?"
i loved susan from the moment she was born, and i love her now and every minute in between.
and what i dream of is a man who will discover her, and that she will discover a man... who will love her, who is worthy of her, who is of this world, this time... and has the grace, compassion and fortitude to walk beside her... as she makes her way through life.
why don't you tell her, try it out, see what happens ?
reveal everything there is to know about yourself and let the chips fall where they may.
you've operated behind the scenes to suborn the trust of a man... who has stamped you with his imprimatur of class, elegance and stature.
i've had the opportunity to be witness to every kind and degree of deception.
but bill parrish has been on the receiving end of machinations so machiavellian... that it has rarely been my experience to encounter.
and yet, he has combatted them stoically and selflessly, without revealing my identity.
but he is too honorable a man to have done that.
because of me, he has lost his work, his company, his reputation.
the agency asked bill for his cooperation in an undercover investigation of bontecou.
we wanted to go after him, and this deal gave us that perfect opportunity.
uh, agent joe black here-- of course, that's not his real name-- smelled out your involvement, drew.
he developed evidence you were working both sides of the fence.
should you choose to test my resolve in this matter, you will be looking at an outcome that will have a finality... that is beyond your comprehension.
and you will not be counting the days or the months or the years, but millenniums in a place with no doors.
[ bill ] now that we have a moment, would you mind if i expressed my gratitude for what you did for susan ?
i've never heard her speak of any man as she spoke of you.
when it catches fire, it will give us the effect of a viking funeral, but with none of the morbidity.
the hudson river authority says that for you, they'll make a special dispensation.
'cause the truth is, honey, there's no sense living your life without this.
to make the journey and not fall deeply in love, well, you haven't lived a life at all.
the question you've been asking yourself with increased regularity, at odd moments, panting through the extra game of handball, when you ran for the plane in delhi, when you sat up in bed last night and hit the floor in the office this morning.
the question that is in the back of your throat, choking the blood to your brain, ringing in your ears over and over as you put it to yourself.
hitting on me in as nice a way as i've been hit on in a long time.
the second that you found out i was my father's daughter, you...
when you put your mouth to his, it seemed a frequent thing.
drew is none of your business, and neither is where i put my mouth.
no passion or rapture or any of these mighty things you're so intent on imparting.
but i am certain, should you say who i am, our adventure would end abruptly.
what i'm trying to say is this is a board meeting and you're not a member.
- i'm sure you'll find a way to make it all right.
but i also knew there was more to life than buying something for $1 and selling it for $2.
i'd hoped to create something, something which could be held to the highest standards.
perhaps a merger is a way to bring bill's company into the 21 st century, and perhaps it isn't.
and perhaps cheating on your french philosophers exam at the groton school was an expedient way to get your diploma, and perhaps it wasn't.
bill parrish dealt with us preemptively in dismissing any deal with bontecou.
therefore, i'm sorry to say that if we're to examine this new offer responsibly, as the board of directors of parrish communications, we must do so without its chairman.
we have a right to know how you are managing the operations of this company.
and, most importantly, that you have not delegated someone to do it for you.
mandatory retirement on our chairman's 65th birthday, at which time the chairman will be named emeritus.
you're welcome to attend all meetings and will serve as international spokesman for the corporation.
i chose you for your verve, your excellence and your ability to instruct.
you've lived a first-rate life, and i find it eminently usable.
but the truth is, it bound to happen if you stay long enough.
so take that nice picture you got in your head home with you, but don't be fooled.
oh, i told drew and the board that bill depended on you.
drew and bontecou are gonna chop up the company, sell it off for parts.
i do it because i love you, because everybody loves you.
mommy, wherever she is, susan, quince, all the people you work with, anyone who's ever met you.
she always gets a smile from you, as opposed to me.
when i walk in, this look comes over your face, like, "what does she want now?"
you see, susan went for that poor son of a bitch whose body you took, and everything since has been aftermath.
you say you love her but you don't know what love is.
and what i dream of is a man who will discover her, and that she will discover a man who will love her, who is worthy of her, who is of this world, of this time,
and has the grace, compassion and fortitude to walk beside her as she makes her way through life.
why don't you tell her, try it out, see what happens?
reveal everything there is to know about yourself and let the chips fall where they may.
members of the board, this will just take a minute of your time.
as custodians of the company, you may receive information from what follows that will be valuable to you or not.
i've had the opportunity to be witness to every kind and degree of deception.
but bill parrish has been on the receiving end of machinations so machiavellian that it has rarely been my experience to encounter.
and yet, he has combated them stoically and selflessly, without revealing my identity.
had he violated the vow of secrecy he took, his task would have been far easier.
yes, we were convinced that bontecou, on past deals, has structured his mergers and acquisitions in suspicious and complicated ways so as to evade paying the taxes he is liable for.
the agency asked bill for his cooperation in an undercover investigation of bontecou.
of course, thas not his real name, smelled out your involvement, drew.
he developed evidence you were working both sides of the fence.
[ chuckles ] i'm looking for a saffron glow, sort of tea-dance '20s.
if food is the prose of a party, then lights are its poetry.
it works. lf food is the prose of a party, lights are its poetry.
i like that. lf music were the food of love, play on. i'm going out of my mind.
archers from the state college of new paltz will shoot flaming arrows at it.
when it catches fire, it will give us the effect of a viking funeral, but with none of the morbidity.
the hudson river authority says that for you, they'll make a special dispensation.
but, of course, there will be an overtime bill... for the poughkeepsie fire department.
to make the journey and not fall deeply in love, well, you haven't lived a life at all.
but you have to try, 'cause if you haven't tried, you haven't lived.
quince, man, thanks for the offer, but it's all set for just me and bill.
- more people might-- - l know. i know, gum up the works.
i sat between them at the bronx zoo benefit. lt was better than seconal.
[ bill's voice ] i'm waiting outside the front door, bill.
all those admonitions about being "deliriously happy, that there is no sense living your life without."
all the sparks and energy you give off, the rosy advice you dispense in round, pear-shaped tones.
the question you've been asking yourself with increased regularity, at odd moments, panting through the extra game of handball, when you ran for the plane in delhi, when you sat up in bed last night and hit the floor in the office this morning.
the question that is in the back of your throat, choking the blood to your brain, ringing in your ears over and over as you put it to yourself.
- [ chuckles ] not the one that i met this morning.
hitting on me in as nice a way as i've been hit on in a long time.
when you put your mouth to his, it seemed a frequent thing.
drew is none of your business, and neither is where l put my mouth.
i have a certain function to perform, and it seems to take up most of my time.
but sometimes i... speculate... that i haven't left room for... anything else.
no passion or rapture or any of these mighty things you're so intent on imparting.
but i am certain, should you say who i am, our adventure would end abruptly.
i'd hoped to create something, something which could be... held to the highest standards.
and what i realized was l-- l wanted to give the news to the world.
joe, i don't-- l don't have time to see you right now.
i'm, um, about to start making rounds, and i'm examining back-to-back patients until dinner, and, uh--
and perhaps cheating on your french philosophers exam at the groton school... was an expedient way to get your diploma, and perhaps it wasn't.
be that as it may, drew, a question can often be argued both ways.
but i just gotta tell you, if mergers are in the wind, i've developed some great prospects.
and i want to come and talk to you about-- about 'em next week.
[ clicks tongue ] i remember when you were little girls, and, uh-- l love little girls.
and uh, now you're all grown up, and i, um-- l had some words prepared, but, uh, i've forgotten them.
bontecou is so anxious to get us, he said he'd take parrish communications with bill parrish or without.
[ board member coughs ] ln this crisis, and be assured... this is a crisis, it's not pleasant to say the following.
won't you share with our board the information you gave me last night ?
well, uh, i'm hap-- l'm happy to tell you i got good news.
you're welcome to attend all meetings... and will serve as international spokesman for the corporation.
plus, of course, a settlement, a golden parachute of such magnitude that his feet will never touch the ground.
what would you say if you knew it was me who brought down bill parrish ?
oh, i told drew and the board that bill depended on you.
oh, i've got a baritone with a balalaika... coming from the russian tea room.
i've dressed him in a cossack shirt, and he'll be singing nelson eddy songs.
she always gets a smile from you, as opposed to me.
when i walk in, this look comes over your face, like, "what does she want now ?"
i loved susan from the moment she was born, and i love her now and every minute in between.
and what i dream of is a man who will discover her, and that she will discover a man... who will love her, who is worthy of her, who is of this world, this time... and has the grace, compassion and fortitude to walk beside her... as she makes her way through life.
why don't you tell her, try it out, see what happens ?
reveal everything there is to know about yourself and let the chips fall where they may.
you've operated behind the scenes to suborn the trust of a man... who has stamped you with his imprimatur of class, elegance and stature.
i've had the opportunity to be witness to every kind and degree of deception.
but bill parrish has been on the receiving end of machinations so machiavellian... that it has rarely been my experience to encounter.
and yet, he has combatted them stoically and selflessly, without revealing my identity.
but he is too honorable a man to have done that.
because of me, he has lost his work, his company, his reputation.
the agency asked bill for his cooperation in an undercover investigation of bontecou.
we wanted to go after him, and this deal gave us that perfect opportunity.
uh, agent joe black here-- of course, that's not his real name-- smelled out your involvement, drew.
he developed evidence you were working both sides of the fence.
should you choose to test my resolve in this matter, you will be looking at an outcome that will have a finality... that is beyond your comprehension.
and you will not be counting the days or the months or the years, but millenniums in a place with no doors.
[ bill ] now that we have a moment, would you mind if i expressed my gratitude for what you did for susan ?
i've never heard her speak of any man as she spoke of you.
archers from the state college of new paltz will shoot flaming arrows at it.
when it catches fire, it will give us the effect of a viking funeral, but with none of the morbidity.
the hudson river authority says that for you, they'll make a special dispensation.
but, of course, there will be an overtime bill... for the poughkeepsie fire department.
there's not an ounce of excitement, not a... whisper of a thrill.
and this relationship has all the passion of a pair of titmice.
to make the journey and not fall deeply in love, well, you haven't lived a life at all.
but you have to try, 'cause if you haven't tried, you haven't lived.
is it just the executive committee, or are you guys gonna use me?
quince, man, thanks for the offer, but it's all set for just me and bill.
and i want to have music that pleases you, but doesn't put a thousand other people to sleep.
- i've agonized over it and finally settled on sidney brown.
the man from whose lips fall "rapture" and "passion" and "obsession"?
all those admonitions about being "deliriously happy, that there is no sense living your life without."
the question you've been asking yourself with increased regularity, at odd moments, panting through the extra game of handball, when you ran for the plane in delhi, when you sat up in bed last night and hit the floor in the office this morning.
the question that is in the back of your throat, choking the blood to your brain, ringing in your ears over and over as you put it to yourself.
hitting on me in as nice a way as i've been hit on in a long time.
the second that you found out i was my father's daughter, you, uh...
but i also knew there was more to life than buying something for a dollar... and selling it for two.
i'd hoped to create something, something which could be... held to the highest standards.
if we give him license to absorb parrish communications... and he has his eye on a few others after us... in order to reach the world, you will have to go through john bontecou.
and not only will you have to pay him to do this, far more important, you'll have to agree with him.
- perhaps a merger is a way... to bring bill's company into the 21st century, and perhaps it isn't.
and perhaps cheating on your french philosophers exam at the groton school... was an expedient way to get your diploma, and perhaps it wasn't.
bill parrish dealt with us preemptively... in dismissing any deal with bontecou.
therefore, i'm sorry to say that if we're to examine this new offer responsibly, as the board of directors of parrish communications, we must do so without its chairman.
now, what we're trying to do here is to, uh... to gather our thoughts in light of bill's rejection of bontecou's offer... and to make an appropriate presentation to him... as to how we think the company might proceed.
won't you share with our board the information you gave me last night?
have you had a chance to, uh, look at my father's rare books?
he has jefferson's parliamentary manual, and, uh, this first edition of bleak house.
mandatory retirement on our chairman's 65th birthday, at which time the chairman will be named emeritus.
you're welcome to attend all meetings... and will serve as international spokesman for the corporation.
i chose you for your verve, your excellence... and your ability to... instruct.
you've lived a first-rate life, and i find it eminently usable.
i'm only living the parrish bywords... looking for that "ounce of excitement,"
that "whisper of a thrill there is no sense living your life without."
you may be the pro, joe, but i know who you are, and you're all fucked up.
i don't like your tone, and i don't like your references.
oh, i told drew and the board that bill depended on you.
drew and bontecou are gonna chop up the company, sell it off for parts.
oh, i've got a baritone with a balalaika... coming from the russian tea room.
i've dressed him in a cossack shirt, and he'll be singing nelson eddy songs.
she always gets a smile from you, as opposed to me.
when i walk in, this look comes over your face, like, "what does she want now?"
because you've somehow developed into a good guy, and you know this is all wrong.
i don't know what you're gonna do, but, uh, how can this be love?
members of the board, this will just take a minute of your time.
as custodians of the company, you may receive information from what follows... that will be valuable to you or not.
you've operated behind the scenes to suborn the trust of a man... who has stamped you with his imprimatur of class, elegance and stature.
i've had the opportunity to be witness to every kind and degree of deception.
but bill parrish has been on the receiving end of machinations so machiavellian... that it has rarely been my experience to encounter.
and yet, he has combatted them stoically and selflessly, without revealing my identity.
but he is too honorable a man to have done that.
because of me, he has lost his work, his company, his reputation.
mmm, yes, we were convinced that bontecou, on past deals, has structured his mergers and acquisitions... in suspicious and complicated ways so as to evade paying the taxes he is liable for.
the agency asked bill for his cooperation in an undercover investigation of bontecou.
of course, that's not his real name... smelled out your involvement, drew.
he developed evidence you were working both sides of the fence.
should you choose to test my resolve in this matter, you will be looking at an outcome that will have a finality... that is beyond your comprehension.
and you will not be counting the days or the months or the years, but millenniums in a place with no doors.
and i'm gonna break precedent and tell you my one candle wish.
that you would have a life as lucky as mine, where you can wake up one morning and say,
now that we have a moment, would you mind if i expressed my gratitude for what you did for susan?
i've never heard her speak of any man as she spoke of you.
archers from the state college of new paltz will shoot flaming arrows at it.
when it catches fire, it will give us the effect of a viking funeral, but with none of the morbidity.
the hudson river authority says that for you, they'll make a special dispensation.
but, of course, there will be an overtime bill... for the poughkeepsie fire department.
there's not an ounce of excitement, not a... whisper of a thrill.
and this relationship has all the passion of a pair of titmice.
'cause the truth is, honey, there's no sense living your life without this.
to make the journey and not fall deeply in love, well, you haven't lived a life at all.
and i want to have music that pleases you, but doesn't put a thousand other people to sleep.
- i've agonized over it and finally settled on sidney brown.
all those admonitions about being "deliriously happy, that there is no sense living your life without."
all the sparks and energy you give off, the rosy advice you dispense in round, pear-shaped tones.
the question you've been asking yourself with increased regularity, at odd moments, panting through the extra game of handball, when you ran for the plane in delhi, when you sat up in bed last night and hit the floor in the office this morning.
the question that is in the back of your throat, choking the blood to your brain, ringing in your ears over and over as you put it to yourself.
when you put your mouth to his, it seemed a frequent thing.
drew is none of your business, and neither is where i put my mouth.
but i also knew there was more to life than buying something for a dollar... and selling it for two.
i'd hoped to create something, something which could be... held to the highest standards.
and perhaps cheating on your french philosophers exam at the groton school... was an expedient way to get your diploma, and perhaps it wasn't.
be that as it may, drew, a question can often be argued both ways.
bontecou is so anxious to get us, he said he'd take parrish communications with bill parrish or without.
in this crisis, and be assured... this is a crisis, it's not pleasant to say the following.
won't you share with our board the information you gave me last night?
well, uh, i'm hap-- i'm happy to tell you i got good news.
mandatory retirement on our chairman's 65th birthday, at which time the chairman will be named emeritus.
you're welcome to attend all meetings... and will serve as international spokesman for the corporation.
i chose you for your verve, your excellence... and your ability to... instruct.
you've lived a first-rate life, and i find it eminently usable.
you may be the pro, joe, but i know who you are, and you're all fucked up.
i don't like your tone, and i don't like your references.
oh, i told drew and the board that bill depended on you.
drew and bontecou are gonna chop up the company, sell it off for parts.
she always gets a smile from you, as opposed to me.
when i walk in, this look comes over your face, like, "what does she want now?"
because you've somehow developed into a good guy, and you know this is all wrong.
i don't know what you're gonna do, but, uh, how can this be love?
i've had the opportunity to be witness to every kind and degree of deception.
but bill parrish has been on the receiving end of machinations so machiavellian... that it has rarely been my experience to encounter.
and yet, he has combatted them stoically and selflessly, without revealing my identity.
had he violated the vow of secrecy he took, his task would have been far easier.
mmm, yes, we were convinced that bontecou, on past deals, has structured his mergers and acquisitions... in suspicious and complicated ways so as to evade paying the taxes he is liable for.
the agency asked bill for his cooperation in an undercover investigation of bontecou.
he developed evidence you were working both sides of the fence.
unfortunately, that is what is known as a conflict of interest.
archers from the state college of new paltz will shoot flaming arrows at it.
when it catches fire, it will give us the effect of a viking funeral, but with none of the morbidity.
the hudson river authority says that for you, they'll make a special dispensation.
but, of course, there will be an overtime bill... for the poughkeepsie fire department.
there's not an ounce of excitement, not a... whisper of a thrill.
and this relationship has all the passion of a pair of titmice.
'cause the truth is, honey, there's no sense living your life without this.
to make the journey and not fall deeply in love, well, you haven't lived a life at all.
we have an acceptance list that would do the white house proud:
the chairman of the f.c.c., the secretary general of the u.n.,
the man from whose lips fall "rapture" and "passion" and "obsession"?
all those admonitions about being " deliriously happy", that there is no sense living your life without."
the question you've been asking yourself with increased regularity, at odd moments, panting through the extra game of handball, when you ran for the plane in delhi, when you sat up in bed last night and hit the floor in the office this morning.
the question that is in the back of your throat, choking the blood to your brain, ringing in your ears over and over as you put it to yourself.
hitting on me in as nice a way as i've been hit on in a long time.
the second that you found out i was my father's daughter, you...
when you put your mouth to his, it seemed a frequent thing.
drew is none of your business, and neither is where i put my mouth.
no passion or rapture or any of these mighty things you're so intent on imparting.
but i am certain, should you say who i am, our adventure would end abruptly.
but i also knew there was more to life than buying something for a dollar... and selling it for two.
i'd hoped to create something, something which could be... held to the highest standards.
- perhaps a merger is a way... to bring bill's company into the 21st century, and perhaps it isn't.
and perhaps cheating on your french philosophers exam at the groton school... was an expedient way to get your diploma, and perhaps it wasn't.
bill parrish dealt with us preemptively... in dismissing any deal with bontecou.
therefore, i'm sorry to say that if we're to examine this new offer responsibly, as the board of directors of parrish communications, we must do so without its chairman.
now, what we're trying to do here is to... to gather our thoughts in light of bill's rejection of bontecou's offer... and to make an appropriate presentation to him... as to how we think the company might proceed.
won't you share with our board the information you gave me last night?
have you had a chance to, look at my father's rare books?
he has jefferson's parliamentary manual, and, this first edition of bleak house.
we have a right to know how you are managing the operations of this company.
and, most importantly, that you have not delegated someone to do it for you.
you're welcome to attend all meetings... and will serve as international spokesman for the corporation.
plus, of course, a settlement, a golden parachute of such magnitude that his feet will never touch the ground.
i chose you for your verve, your excellence... and your ability to... instruct.
you've lived a firstrate life, and i find it eminently usable.
i'm only living the parrish bywords... looking for that "ounce of excitement,"
that " whisper of a thrill there is no sense living your life without."
you may be the pro, joe, but i know who you are, and you're all fucked up.
i don't like your tone, and i don't like your references.
but the truth is, it bound to happen... if you stay long enough.
so take that nice picture you got in your head home with you, but don't be fooled.
i told drew and the board that bill depended on you.
drew and bontecou are gonna chop up the company, sell it off for parts.
she always gets a smile from you, as opposed to me.
when i walk in, this look comes over your face, like, "what does she want now?"
i wanna tell this guy how i feel about him facetoface.
that could be a tall order, b.p. i doubt if drew is anxious to see you facetoface.
because you've somehow developed into a good guy, and you know this is all wrong.
i don't know what you're gonna do, but, how can this be love?
i've had the opportunity to be witness to every kind and degree of deception.
but bill parrish has been on the receiving end of machinations so machiavellian... that it has rarely been my experience to encounter.
and yet, he has combatted them stoically and selflessly, without revealing my identity.
had he violated the vow of secrecy he took, his task would have been far easier.
the agency asked bill for his cooperation in an undercover investigation of bontecou.
we wanted to go after him, and this deal gave us that perfect opportunity.
he developed evidence you were working both sides of the fence.
unfortunately, that is what is known as a conflict of interest.
when it catches fire, it will give us the effect of a viking funeral, but with none of the morbidity.
the hudson river authority says that for you, they'll make a special dispensation.
is it just the executive committee, or are you guys gonna use me?
quince, man, thanks for the offer, but it's all set for just me and bill.
all those admonitions about being "deliriously happy, that there is no sense living your life without."
all the sparks and energy you give off, the rosy advice you dispense in round, pear-shaped tones.
no passion or rapture or any of these mighty things you're so intent on imparting.
but i am certain, should you say who i am, our adventure would end abruptly.
what i'm trying to say is this is a board meeting and you're not a member.
i'm sure you'll find a way to make it all right.
- perhaps a merger is a way... to bring bill's company into the st century, and perhaps it isn't.
and perhaps cheating on your french philosophers exam at the groton school... was an expedient way to get your diploma, and perhaps it wasn't.
bill parrish dealt with us preemptively... in dismissing any deal with bontecou.
therefore, i'm sorry to say that if we're to examine this new offer responsibly, as the board of directors of parrish communications, we must do so without its chairman.
now, what we're trying to do here is to, uh... to gather our thoughts in light of
bill's rejection of bontecou's offer... and to make an appropriate presentation to him... as to how we think the company might proceed.
have you had a chance to, uh, look at my father's rare books?
he has jefferson's parliamentary manual, and, uh, this first edition of bleak house.
mandatory retirement on our chairman's th birthday, at which time the chairman will be named emeritus.
you're welcome to attend all meetings... and will serve as international spokesman for the corporation.
i chose you for your verve, your excellence... and your ability to... instruct.
you've lived a first-rate life, and i find it eminently usable.
you may be the pro, joe, but i know who you are, and you're all fucked up.
i don't like your tone, and i don't like your references.
oh, i told drew and the board that bill depended on you.
drew and bontecou are gonna chop up the company, sell it off for parts.
oh, i've got a baritone with a balalaika... coming from the russian tea room.
i've dressed him in a cossack shirt, and he'll be singing nelson eddy songs.
i wanna tell this guy how i feel about him face-to-face.
that could be a tall order, b.p. i doubt if drew is anxious to see you face-to-face.
i loved susan from the moment she was born, and i love her now and every minute in between.
and what i dream of is a man who will discover her, and that she will discover a man... who will love her, who is worthy of her, who is of this world, this time... and has the grace, compassion
because you've somehow developed into a good guy, and you know this is all wrong.
i don't know what you're gonna do, but, uh, how can this be love?
members of the board, this will just take a minute of your time.
as custodians of the company, you may receive information from what follows... that will be valuable to you or not.
i've had the opportunity to be witness to every kind and degree of deception.
but bill parrish has been on the receiving end of machinations so machiavellian... that it has rarely been my experience to encounter.
and yet, he has combatted them stoically and selflessly, without revealing my identity.
had he violated the vow of secrecy he took, his task would have been far easier.
the agency asked bill for his cooperation in an undercover investigation of bontecou.
we wanted to go after him, and this deal gave us that perfect opportunity.
he developed evidence you were working both sides of the fence.
unfortunately, that is what is known as a conflict of interest.
when it catches fire, it will give us the effect of a viking funeral, but with none of the morbidity.
the hudson river authority says that for you, they'll make a special dispensation.
'cause the truth is, honey, there's no sense living your life without this.
to make the journey and not fall deeply in love, well, you haven't lived a life at all.
- we have an acceptance list that would do the white house proud:
the chairman of the f.c.c., the secretary general of the u.n.,
all those admonitions about being "deliriously happy, that there is no sense living your life without."
all the sparks and energy you give off, the rosy advice you dispense in round, pear-shaped tones.
when you put your mouth to his, it seemed a frequent thing.
drew is none of your business, and neither is where l put my mouth.
i have a certain function to perform, and it seems to take up most of my time.
but sometimes i... speculate... that i haven't left room for... anything else.
no passion or rapture or any of these mighty things you're so intent on imparting.
but i am certain, should you say who i am, our adventure would end abruptly.
what i'm trying to say is this is a board meeting and you're not a member.
i'm sure you'll find a way to make it all right.
i'd hoped to create something, something which could be... held to the highest standards.
and what i realized was i... i wanted to give the news to the world.
and perhaps cheating on your french philosophers exam at the groton school... was an expedient way to get your diploma, and perhaps it wasn't.
be that as it may, drew, a question can often be argued both ways.
but i just gotta tell you, if mergers are in the wind, i've developed some great prospects.
and i want to come and talk to you about... about 'em next week.
i remember when you were little girls, and, uh... i love little girls.
and uh, now you're all grown up, and i, um... i had some words prepared, but, uh, i've forgotten them.
bontecou is so anxious to get us, he said he'd take parrish communications with bill parrish or without.
in this crisis, and be assured... this is a crisis, it's not pleasant to say the following.
we have a right to know how you are managing the operations of this company.
and, most importantly, that you have not delegated someone to do it for you.
you're welcome to attend all meetings... and will serve as international spokesman for the corporation.
plus, of course, a settlement, a golden parachute of such magnitude that his feet will never touch the ground.
but the truth is, it bound to happen... if you stay long enough.
so take that nice picture you got in your head home with you, but don't be fooled.
what would you say if you knew it was me who brought down bill parrish?
oh, i told drew and the board that bill depended on you.
i wanna tell this guy how i feel about him face-to-face.
that could be a tall order, b.p. i doubt if drew is anxious to see you face-to-face.
i loved susan from the moment she was born, and i love her now and every minute in between.
and what i dream of is a man who will discover her, and that she will discover a man... who will love her, who is worthy of her, who is of this world, this time... and has the grace, compassion and fortitude to walk beside her... as she makes her way through life.
why don't you tell her, try it out, see what happens?
reveal everything there is to know about yourself and let the chips fall where they may.
i've had the opportunity to be witness to every kind and degree of deception.
but bill parrish has been on the receiving end of machinations so machiavellian... that it has rarely been my experience to encounter.
and yet, he has combatted them stoically and selflessly, without revealing my identity.
had he violated the vow of secrecy he took, his task would have been far easier.
because of me, he has lost his work, his company, his reputation.
so now, given these losses, i'm compelled to end the need for secrecy.
the agency asked bill for his cooperation in an undercover investigation of bontecou.
we wanted to go after him, and this deal gave us that perfect opportunity.
he developed evidence you were working both sides of the fence.
unfortunately, that is what is known as a conflict of interest.
when it catches fire, it will give us the effect of a viking funeral, but with none of the morbidity.
the hudson river authority says that for you, they'll make a special dispensation.
to make the journey and not fall deeply in love, well, you haven't lived a life at all.
but you have to try, 'cause if you haven't tried, you haven't lived.
is it just the executive committee, or are you guys gonna use me?
quince, man, thanks for the offer, but it's all set for just me and bill.
we have an acceptance list that would do the white house proud:
the chairman of the f.c.c., the secretary general of the u.n.,
the man from whose lips fall "rapture" and "passion" and "obsession"?
all those admonitions about being " deliriously happy, that there is no sense living your life without. "
if we give him license to absorb parrish communications... and he has his eye on a few others after us... in order to reach the world, you will have to go through john bontecou.
and not only will you have to pay him to do this, far more important, you'll have to agree with him.
and perhaps cheating on your french philosophers exam at the groton school... was an expedient way to get your diploma, and perhaps it wasn't.
be that as it may, drew, a question can often be argued both ways.
bill parrish dealt with us pre-emptively... in dismissing any deal with bontecou.
therefore, i'm sorry to say that if we're to examine this new offer responsibly, as the board of directors of parrish communications, we must do so without its chairman.
now, what we're trying to do here is to, uh... to gather our thoughts in light of bill's rejection of bontecou's offer... and to make an appropriate presentation to him... as to how we think the company might proceed.
won't you share with our board the information you gave me last night?
have you had a chance to, uh, look at my father's rare books?
he has jefferson's parliamentary manual, and, uh, this first edition of bleak house.
we have a right to know how you are managing the operations of this company.
and, most importantly, that you have not delegated someone to do it for you.
you're welcome to attend all meetings... and will serve as international spokesman for the corporation.
plus, of course, a settlement, a golden parachute of such magnitude that his feet will never touch the ground.
but the truth is, it bound to happen... if you stay long enough.
so take that nice picture you got in your head home with you, but don't be fooled.
oh, i told drew and the board that bill depended on you.
drew and bontecou are gonna chop up the company, sell it off for parts.
oh, i've got a baritone with a balalaika... coming from the russian tea room.
i've dressed him in a cossack shirt, and he'll be singing nelson eddy songs.
because you've somehow developed into a good guy, and you know this is all wrong.
i don't know what you're gonna do, but, uh, how can this be love?
members of the board, this will just take a minute of your time.
as custodians of the company, you may receive information from what follows... that will be valuable to you or not.
you've operated behind the scenes to suborn the trust of a man... who has stamped you with his imprimatur of class, elegance and stature.
i've had the opportunity to be witness to every kind and degree of deception.
but bill parrish has been on the receiving end of machinations so machiavellian... that it has rarely been my experience to encounter.
and yet, he has combatted them stoically and selflessly, without revealing my identity.
but he is too honorable a man to have done that.
because of me, he has lost his work, his company, his reputation.
the agency asked bill for his cooperation in an undercover investigation of bontecou.
we wanted to go after him, and this deal gave us that perfect opportunity.
he developed evidence you were working both sides of the fence.
unfortunately, that is what is known as a conflict of interest.
archers from the state college of new paltz will shoot flaming arrows at it.
when it catches fire, it will give us the effect of a viking funeral, but with none of the morbidity.
the hudson river authority says that for you, they'll make a special dispensation.
but, of course, there will be an overtime bill... for the poughkeepsie fire department.
there's not an ounce of excitement, not a... whisper of a thrill.
and this relationship has all the passion of a pair of titmice.
'cause the truth is, honey, there's no sense living your life without this.
to make the journey and not fall deeply in love, well, you haven't lived a life at all.
- we have an acceptance list that would do the white house proud:
the chairman of the f.c.c., the secretary general of the u.n.,
the man from whose lips fall "rapture" and "passion" and "obsession"?
all those admonitions about being "deliriously happy, that there is no sense living your life without."
when you put your mouth to his, it seemed a frequent thing.
drew is none of your business, and neither is where i put my mouth.
i have a certain function to perform, and it seems to take up most of my time.
but sometimes i... speculate... that i haven't left room for... anything else.
no passion or rapture or any of these mighty things you're so intent on imparting.
but i am certain, should you say who i am, our adventure would end abruptly.
what i'm trying to say is this is a board meeting and you're not a member.
- i'm sure you'll find a way to make it all right.
if we give him license to absorb parrish communications... and he has his eye on a few others after us... in order to reach the world, you will have to go through john bontecou.
and not only will you have to pay him to do this, far more important, you'll have to agree with him.
and perhaps cheating on your french philosophers exam at the groton school... was an expedient way to get your diploma, and perhaps it wasn't.
be that as it may, drew, a question can often be argued both ways.
bill parrish dealt with us preemptively... in dismissing any deal with bontecou.
therefore, i'm sorry to say that if we're to examine this new offer responsibly, as the board of directors of parrish communications, we must do so without its chairman.
now, what we're trying to do here is to, uh... to gather our thoughts in light of bill's rejection of bontecou's offer... and to make an appropriate presentation to him... as to how we think the company might proceed.
won't you share with our board the information you gave me last night?
mandatory retirement on our chairman's 65th birthday, at which time the chairman will be named emeritus.
you're welcome to attend all meetings... and will serve as international spokesman for the corporation.
i chose you for your verve, your excellence... and your ability to... instruct.
you've lived a first-rate life, and i find it eminently usable.
but the truth is, it bound to happen... if you stay long enough.
so take that nice picture you got in your head home with you, but don't be fooled.
oh, i told drew and the board that bill depended on you.
drew and bontecou are gonna chop up the company, sell it off for parts.
oh, i've got a baritone with a balalaika... coming from the russian tea room.
i've dressed him in a cossack shirt, and he'll be singing nelson eddy songs.
i wanna tell this guy how i feel about him face-to-face.
that could be a tall order, b.p. i doubt if drew is anxious to see you face-to-face.
i loved susan from the moment she was born, and i love her now and every minute in between.
and what i dream of is a man who will discover her, and that she will discover a man... who will love her, who is worthy of her, who is of this world, this time... and has the grace, compassion and fortitude to walk beside her... as she makes her way through life.
why don't you tell her, try it out, see what happens?
reveal everything there is to know about yourself and let the chips fall where they may.
i've had the opportunity to be witness to every kind and degree of deception.
but bill parrish has been on the receiving end of machinations so machiavellian... that it has rarely been my experience to encounter.
and yet, he has combated them stoically and selflessly, without revealing my identity.
had he violated the vow of secrecy he took, his task would have been far easier.
mmm, yes, we were convinced that bontecou, on past deals, has structured his mergers and acquisitions... in suspicious and complicated ways so as to evade paying the taxes he is liable for.
the agency asked bill for his cooperation in an undercover investigation of bontecou.
of course, that's not his real name... smelled out your involvement, drew.
he developed evidence you were working both sides of the fence.
should you choose to test my resolve in this matter, you will be looking at an outcome that will have a finality... that is beyond your comprehension.
and you will not be counting the days or the months or the years, but millenniums in a place with no doors.
and i'm gonna break precedent and tell you my one candle wish.
that you would have a life as lucky as mine, where you can wake up one morning and say,
now that we have a moment, would you mind if i expressed my gratitude for what you did for susan?
i've never heard her speak of any man as she spoke of you.
archers from the state college of new paltz will shoot flaming arrows at it.
when it catches fire, it will give us the effect of a viking funeral, but with none of the morbidity.
the hudson river authority says that for you, they'll make a special dispensation.
but, of course, there will be an overtime bill... for the poughkeepsie fire department.
to make the journey and not fall deeply in love, well, you haven't lived a life at all.
but you have to try, 'cause if you haven't tried, you haven't lived.
all those admonitions about being "deliriously happy, that there is no sense living your life without."
all the sparks and energy you give off, the rosy advice you dispense in round, pear-shaped tones.
the question you've been asking yourself with increased regularity, at odd moments, panting through the extra game of handball, when you ran for the plane in delhi, when you sat up in bed last night and hit the floor in the office this morning.
the question that is in the back of your throat, choking the blood to your brain, ringing in your ears over and over as you put it to yourself.
hitting on me in as nice a way as i've been hit on in a long time.
the second that you found out i was my father's daughter, you, uh-
i have a certain function to perform, and it seems to take up most of my time.
but sometimes i... speculate... that i haven't left room for... anything else.
no passion or rapture or any of these mighty things you're so intent on imparting.
but i am certain, should you say who i am, our adventure would end abruptly.
what i'm trying to say is this is a board meeting and you're not a member.
- i'm sure you'll find a way to make it all right.
if food is the prose of a party, then lights are its poetry.
it works. lf food is the prose of a party, lights are its poetry.
when it catches fire, it will give us the effect of a viking funeral, but with none of the morbidity.
the hudson river authority says that for you, they'll make a special dispensation.
there's not an ounce of excitement, not a... whisper of a thrill.
and this relationship has all the passion of a pair of titmice.
to make the journey and not fall deeply in love, well, you haven't lived a life at all.
but you have to try, 'cause if you haven't tried, you haven't lived.
is it just the executive committee, or are you guys gonna use me?
quince, man, thanks for the offer, but it's all set for just me and bill.
that's it. i'm on a plane in a heartbeat. y ou let me know.
y ep, when i get my phone in, you're my first call. i promise.
if you and i were married, i would want to give you what you need.
that's all. i'm talking about taking care of each other the best you can.
i know how you love music, daddy. and i want to have music that pleases you, but doesn't put a thousand other people to sleep.
- l've agonized over it and finally settled on sidney brown.
all those admonitions about being "deliriously happy, that there is no sense living your life without."
all the sparks and energy you give off, the rosy advice you dispense in round, pear-shaped tones.
hitting on me in as nice a way as i've been hit on in a long time.
the second that you found out i was my father's daughter, you, uh--
i have a certain function to perform, and it seems to take up most of my time.
but sometimes i... speculate... that i haven't left room for... anything else.
no passion or rapture or any of these mighty things you're so intent on imparting.
but i am certain, should you say who i am, our adventure would end abruptly.
i'd hoped to create something, something which could be... held to the highest standards.
and what i realized was l-- l wanted to give the news to the world.
- perhaps a merger is a way... to bring bill's company into the 21st century, and perhaps it isn't.
and perhaps cheating on your french philosophers exam at the groton school... was an expedient way to get your diploma, and perhaps it wasn't.
but i just gotta tell you, if mergers are in the wind, i've developed some great prospects.
and i want to come and talk to you about-- about 'em next week.
bill parrish dealt with us preemptively... in dismissing any deal with bontecou.
therefore, i'm sorry to say that if we're to examine this new offer responsibly, as the board of directors of parrish communications, we must do so without its chairman.
won't you share with our board the information you gave me last night?
well, uh, i'm hap-- l'm happy to tell you i got good news.
have you had a chance to, uh, look at my father's rare books?
he has jefferson's parliamentary manual, and, uh, this first edition of bleak house.
mandatory retirement on our chairman's 65th birthday, at which time the chairman will be named emeritus.
y ou're welcome to attend all meetings... and will serve as international spokesman for the corporation.
y ou walk into my life. y ou give me the worst news a guy can get.
y ou have me dancing on heads of pins with my business, my family.
i'm only living the parrish bywords-- looking for that "ounce of excitement,"
that "whisper of a thrill there is no sense living your life without."
y ou may be the pro, joe, but i know who you are, and you're all fucked up.
i don't like your tone, and i don't like your references.
oh, i told drew and the board that bill depended on you.
drew and bontecou are gonna chop up the company, sell it off for parts.
i wanna tell this guy how i feel about him face-to-face.
that could be a tall order, b.p. i doubt if drew is anxious to see you face-to-face.
i loved susan from the moment she was born, and i love her now and every minute in between.
and what i dream of is a man who will discover her, and that she will discover a man... who will love her, who is worthy of her, who is of this world, this time... and has the grace, compassion and fortitude to walk beside her... as she makes her way through life.
why don't you tell her, try it out, see what happens?
reveal everything there is to know about yourself and let the chips fall where they may.
i've had the opportunity to be witness to every kind and degree of deception.
but bill parrish has been on the receiving end of machinations so machiavellian... that it has rarely been my experience to encounter.
and yet, he has combatted them stoically and selflessly, without revealing my identity.
had he violated the vow of secrecy he took, his task would have been far easier.
because of me, he has lost his work, his company, his reputation.
so now, given these losses, i'm compelled to end the need for secrecy.
mmm, yes, we were convinced that bontecou, on past deals, has structured his mergers and acquisitions... in suspicious and complicated ways so as to evade paying the taxes he is liable for.
the agency asked bill for his cooperation in an undercover investigation of bontecou.
he developed evidence you were working both sides of the fence.
unfortunately, that is what is known as a conflict of interest.
and i'm gonna break precedent and tell you my one candle wish.
that you would have a life as lucky as mine, where you can wake up one morning and say,
now that we have a moment, would you mind if i expressed my gratitude for what you did for susan?
i've never heard her speak of any man as she spoke of you.
if food is the prose of a party, then lights are its poetry.
it works. lf food is the prose of a party, lights are its poetry.
when it catches fire, it will give us the effect of a viking funeral, but with none of the morbidity.
the hudson river authority says that for you, they'll make a special dispensation.
there's not an ounce of excitement, not a... whisper of a thrill.
and this relationship has all the passion of a pair of titmice.
'cause the truth is, honey, there's no sense living your life without this.
to make the journey and not fall deeply in love, well, you haven't lived a life at all.
is it just the executive committee, or are you guys gonna use me ?
quince, man, thanks for the offer, but it's all set for just me and bill.
- more people might-- - l know. i know, gum up the works.
[ bill's voice ] "l want you to get swept away."
[ chuckling ] listen, could i buy you a cup of coffee ?
- l have some patients coming in, so i should probably...
if you and i were married, i would want to give you what you need.
that's all. i'm talking about taking care of each other the best you can.
and i want to have music that pleases you, but doesn't put a thousand other people to sleep.
- l've agonized over it and finally settled on sidney brown.
- we have an acceptance list that would do the white house proud:
the chairman of the f.c.c., the secretary general of the u.n.,
the man from whose lips fall "rapture" and "passion" and "obsession" ?
all those admonitions about being "deliriously happy, that there is no sense living your life without."
hitting on me in as nice a way as i've been hit on in a long time.
the second that you found out i was my father's daughter, you, uh--
you, my father, here in this house. lt's, uh-- lt's upsetting me, and l--
what happened to that sweet guy from the coffee shop ?
what i'm trying to say is this is a board meeting and you're not a member.
- l'm sure you'll find a way to make it all right.
but i also knew there was more to life than buying something for a dollar... and selling it for two.
i'd hoped to create something, something which could be... held to the highest standards.
if we give him license to absorb parrish communications-- and he has his eye on a few others after us-- in order to reach the world, you will have to go through john bontecou.
and not only will you have to pay him to do this, far more important, you'll have to agree with him.
- perhaps a merger is a way... to bring bill's company into the 21st century, and perhaps it isn't.
and perhaps cheating on your french philosophers exam at the groton school... was an expedient way to get your diploma, and perhaps it wasn't.
bill, why at this juncture... are you letting yourself be so concerned by business matters ?
'cause i don't want anybody buying up my life's work !
bill parrish dealt with us preemptively... in dismissing any deal with bontecou.
therefore, i'm sorry to say that if we're to examine this new offer responsibly, as the board of directors of parrish communications, we must do so without its chairman.
now, what we're trying to do here is to, uh-- to gather our thoughts in light of bill's rejection of bontecou's offer... and to make an appropriate presentation to him... as to how we think the company might proceed.
won't you share with our board the information you gave me last night ?
well, uh, i'm hap-- l'm happy to tell you i got good news.
as i was, uh, as i was telling drew, uh, i've been making a little hay while the bontecou sun was shining.
have you had a chance to, uh, look at my father's rare books ?
he has jefferson's parliamentary manual, and, uh, this first edition of bleak house.
we have a right to know how you are managing the operations of this company.
and, most importantly, that you have not delegated someone to do it for you.
mandatory retirement on our chairman's 65th birthday, at which time the chairman will be named emeritus.
you're welcome to attend all meetings... and will serve as international spokesman for the corporation.
i chose you for your verve, your excellence... and your ability to... instruct.
you've lived a first-rate life, and i find it eminently usable.
i'm only living the parrish bywords-- looking for that "ounce of excitement,"
that "whisper of a thrill there is no sense living your life without."
you may be the pro, joe, but i know who you are, and you're all fucked up.
i don't like your tone, and i don't like your references.
but the truth is, it bound to happen... if you stay long enough.
so take that nice picture you got in your head home with you, but don't be fooled.
oh, i told drew and the board that bill depended on you.
drew and bontecou are gonna chop up the company, sell it off for parts.
i wanna tell this guy how i feel about him face-to-face.
that could be a tall order, b.p. i doubt if drew is anxious to see you face-to-face.
because you've somehow developed into a good guy, and you know this is all wrong.
i don't know what you're gonna do, but, uh, how can this be love ?
members of the board, this will just take a minute of your time.
as custodians of the company, you may receive information from what follows... that will be valuable to you or not.
i've had the opportunity to be witness to every kind and degree of deception.
but bill parrish has been on the receiving end of machinations so machiavellian... that it has rarely been my experience to encounter.
and yet, he has combatted them stoically and selflessly, without revealing my identity.
had he violated the vow of secrecy he took, his task would have been far easier.
because of me, he has lost his work, his company, his reputation.
so now, given these losses, i'm compelled to end the need for secrecy.
mmm, yes, we were convinced that bontecou, on past deals, has structured his mergers and acquisitions... in suspicious and complicated ways so as to evade paying the taxes he is liable for.
the agency asked bill for his cooperation in an undercover investigation of bontecou.
he developed evidence you were working both sides of the fence.
unfortunately, that is what is known as a conflict of interest.
soon as i get back to the city, i'll meet with the board.
[ eddie ] you're meeting with the board right now, drew.
and i'm gonna break precedent and tell you my one candle wish.
that you would have a life as lucky as mine, where you can wake up one morning and say,
l-- l don't know, you know. l-- lt's all kind of blurred up and hazy, but--
would you know what i mean if i said i don't think i'll ever figure it out ?
when it catches fire, it will give us the effect of a viking funeral, but with none of the morbidity.
the hudson river authority says that for you, they'll make a special dispensation.
'cause the truth is, honey, there's no sense living your life without this.
to make the journey and not fall deeply in love, well, you haven't lived a life at all.
the question you've been asking yourself with increased regularity, at odd moments, panting through the extra game of handball, when you ran for the plane in delhi, when you sat up in bed last night and hit the floor in the office this morning.
the question that is in the back of your throat, choking the blood to your brain, ringing in your ears over and over as you put it to yourself.
hitting on me in as nice a way as i've been hit on in a long time.
the second that you found out i was my father's daughter, you...
when you put your mouth to his, it seemed a frequent thing.
drew is none of your business, and neither is where i put my mouth.
no passion or rapture or any of these mighty things you're so intent on imparting.
but i am certain, should you say who i am, our adventure would end abruptly.
what i'm trying to say is this is a board meeting and you're not a member.
-i'm sure you'll find a way to make it all right.
but i also knew there was more to life than buying something for $1 and selling it for $2.
i'd hoped to create something, something which could be held to the highest standards.
and perhaps cheating on your french philosophers exam at the groton school was an expedient way to get your diploma, and perhaps it wasn't.
be that as it may, drew, a question can often be argued both ways.
bontecou is so anxious to get us, he said he'd take parrish communications with bill parrish or without.
in this crisis, and be assured this is a crisis, it's not pleasant to say the following.
now, what we're trying to do here is to... to gather our thoughts in light of bill's rejection of bontecou's offer and to make an appropriate presentation to him as to how we think the company might proceed.
won't you share with our board the information you gave me last night?
have you had a chance to look at my father's rare books?
he has jefferson's parliamentary manual, and this first edition of bleak house.
-i'm not interested in the details and i'm not interested in the big picture either.
what i am interested in is how my board got convened behind my back and is entertaining a further proposal from a man with whom it offends me to do business.
you're welcome to attend all meetings and will serve as international spokesman for the corporation.
plus, of course, a settlement, a golden parachute of such magnitude that his feet will never touch the ground.
i'm only living the parrish bywords, looking for that "ounce of excitement,"
that "whisper of a thrill there is no sense living your life without."
you may be the pro, joe, but i know who you are, and you're all fucked up.
i don't like your tone, and i don't like your references.
oh, i told drew and the board that bill depended on you.
drew and bontecou are gonna chop up the company, sell it off for parts.
i do it because i love you, because everybody loves you.
mommy, wherever she is, susan, quince, all the people you work with, anyone who's ever met you.
she always gets a smile from you, as opposed to me.
when i walk in, this look comes over your face, like, "what does she want now?"
you see, susan went for that poor son of a bitch whose body you took, and everything since has been aftermath.
you say you love her but you don't know what love is.
and what i dream of is a man who will discover her, and that she will discover a man who will love her, who is worthy of her, who is of this world, of this time,
and has the grace, compassion and fortitude to walk beside her as she makes her way through life.
why don't you tell her, try it out, see what happens?
reveal everything there is to know about yourself and let the chips fall where they may.
members of the board, this will just take a minute of your time.
as custodians of the company, you may receive information from what follows that will be valuable to you or not.
i've had the opportunity to be witness to every kind and degree of deception.
but bill parrish has been on the receiving end of machinations so machiavellian that it has rarely been my experience to encounter.
and yet, he has combated them stoically and selflessly, without revealing my identity.
had he violated the vow of secrecy he took, his task would have been far easier.
yes, we were convinced that bontecou, on past deals, has structured his mergers and acquisitions in suspicious and complicated ways so as to evade paying the taxes he is liable for.
the agency asked bill for his cooperation in an undercover investigation of bontecou.
of course, that's not his real name, smelled out your involvement, drew.
he developed evidence you were working both sides of the fence.
[ chuckles ] i'm looking for a saffron glow, sort of tea-dance '20s.
if food is the prose of a party, then lights are its poetry.
it works. lf food is the prose of a party, lights are its poetry.
i like that. lf music were the food of love, play on. i'm going out of my mind.
archers from the state college of new paltz will shoot flaming arrows at it.
when it catches fire, it will give us the effect of a viking funeral, but with none of the morbidity.
the hudson river authority says that for you, they'll make a special dispensation.
but, of course, there will be an overtime bill... for the poughkeepsie fire department.
to make the journey and not fall deeply in love, well, you haven't lived a life at all.
but you have to try, 'cause if you haven't tried, you haven't lived.
quince, man, thanks for the offer, but it's all set for just me and bill.
- more people might-- - l know. i know, gum up the works.
i sat between them at the bronx zoo benefit. lt was better than seconal.
[ bill's voice ] i'm waiting outside the front door, bill.
all those admonitions about being "deliriously happy, that there is no sense living your life without."
all the sparks and energy you give off, the rosy advice you dispense in round, pear-shaped tones.
the question you've been asking yourself with increased regularity, at odd moments, panting through the extra game of handball, when you ran for the plane in delhi, when you sat up in bed last night and hit the floor in the office this morning.
the question that is in the back of your throat, choking the blood to your brain, ringing in your ears over and over as you put it to yourself.
- [ chuckles ] not the one that i met this morning.
hitting on me in as nice a way as i've been hit on in a long time.
when you put your mouth to his, it seemed a frequent thing.
drew is none of your business, and neither is where l put my mouth.
i have a certain function to perform, and it seems to take up most of my time.
but sometimes i... speculate... that i haven't left room for... anything else.
no passion or rapture or any of these mighty things you're so intent on imparting.
but i am certain, should you say who i am, our adventure would end abruptly.
i'd hoped to create something, something which could be... held to the highest standards.
and what i realized was l-- l wanted to give the news to the world.
joe, i don't-- l don't have time to see you right now.
i'm, um, about to start making rounds, and i'm examining back-to-back patients until dinner, and, uh--
and perhaps cheating on your french philosophers exam at the groton school... was an expedient way to get your diploma, and perhaps it wasn't.
be that as it may, drew, a question can often be argued both ways.
but i just gotta tell you, if mergers are in the wind, i've developed some great prospects.
and i want to come and talk to you about-- about 'em next week.
[ clicks tongue ] i remember when you were little girls, and, uh-- l love little girls.
and uh, now you're all grown up, and i, um-- l had some words prepared, but, uh, i've forgotten them.
bontecou is so anxious to get us, he said he'd take parrish communications with bill parrish or without.
[ board member coughs ] ln this crisis, and be assured... this is a crisis, it's not pleasant to say the following.
won't you share with our board the information you gave me last night ?
well, uh, i'm hap-- l'm happy to tell you i got good news.
you're welcome to attend all meetings... and will serve as international spokesman for the corporation.
plus, of course, a settlement, a golden parachute of such magnitude that his feet will never touch the ground.
what would you say if you knew it was me who brought down bill parrish ?
oh, i told drew and the board that bill depended on you.
oh, i've got a baritone with a balalaika... coming from the russian tea room.
i've dressed him in a cossack shirt, and he'll be singing nelson eddy songs.
she always gets a smile from you, as opposed to me.
when i walk in, this look comes over your face, like, "what does she want now ?"
i loved susan from the moment she was born, and i love her now and every minute in between.
and what i dream of is a man who will discover her, and that she will discover a man... who will love her, who is worthy of her, who is of this world, this time... and has the grace, compassion and fortitude to walk beside her... as she makes her way through life.
why don't you tell her, try it out, see what happens ?
reveal everything there is to know about yourself and let the chips fall where they may.
you've operated behind the scenes to suborn the trust of a man... who has stamped you with his imprimatur of class, elegance and stature.
i've had the opportunity to be witness to every kind and degree of deception.
but bill parrish has been on the receiving end of machinations so machiavellian... that it has rarely been my experience to encounter.
and yet, he has combatted them stoically and selflessly, without revealing my identity.
but he is too honorable a man to have done that.
because of me, he has lost his work, his company, his reputation.
the agency asked bill for his cooperation in an undercover investigation of bontecou.
we wanted to go after him, and this deal gave us that perfect opportunity.
uh, agent joe black here-- of course, that's not his real name-- smelled out your involvement, drew.
he developed evidence you were working both sides of the fence.
should you choose to test my resolve in this matter, you will be looking at an outcome that will have a finality... that is beyond your comprehension.
and you will not be counting the days or the months or the years, but millenniums in a place with no doors.
[ bill ] now that we have a moment, would you mind if i expressed my gratitude for what you did for susan ?
i've never heard her speak of any man as she spoke of you.
i'm looking for a saffron glow, sort of tea dance '20s.
if food is the prose of a party, then lights are its poetry.
archers from the state college of new paltz will shoot flaming arrows at it.
when it catches fire, it will give us the effect of a viking funeral, but with none of the morbidity.
the hudson river authority says that for you, they'll make a special dispensation.
but, of course, there will be an overtime bill for the poughkeepsie fire department.
there's not an ounce of excitement, not a whisper of a thrill.
and this relationship has all the passion of a pair of titmice.
'cause the truth is, honey, there's no sense living your life without this.
to make the journey and not fall deeply in love, well, you haven't lived a life at all.
the question you've been asking yourself with increased regularity, at odd moments, panting through the extra game of handball, when you ran for the plane in delhi, when you sat up in bed last night and hit the floor in the office this morning.
the question that is in the back of your throat, choking the blood to your brain, ringing in your ears over and over as you put it to yourself.
hitting on me in as nice a way as i've been hit on in a long time.
the second that you found out i was my father's daughter, you...
when you put your mouth to his, it seemed a frequent thing.
drew is none of your business, and neither is where i put my mouth.
no passion or rapture or any of these mighty things you're so intent on imparting.
but i am certain, should you say who i am, our adventure would end abruptly.
what i'm trying to say is this is a board meeting and you're not a member.
i'm sure you'll find a way to make it all right.
but i also knew there was more to life than buying something for $1 and selling it for $2.
i'd hoped to create something, something which could be held to the highest standards.
perhaps a merger is a way to bring bill's company into the 21 st century, and perhaps it isn't.
and perhaps cheating on your french philosophers exam at the groton school was an expedient way to get your diploma, and perhaps it wasn't.
bill parrish dealt with us preemptively in dismissing any deal with bontecou.
therefore, i'm sorry to say that if we're to examine this new offer responsibly, as the board of directors of parrish communications, we must do so without its chairman.
now, what we're trying to do here is to... to gather our thoughts in light of bill's rejection of bontecou's offer and to make an appropriate presentation to him as to how we think the company might proceed.
won't you share with our board the information you gave me last night?
we have a right to know how you are managing the operations of this company.
and, most importantly, that you have not delegated someone to do it for you.
you're welcome to attend all meetings and will serve as international spokesman for the corporation.
plus, of course, a settlement, a golden parachute of such magnitude that his feet will never touch the ground.
i chose you for your verve, your excellence and your ability to instruct.
you've lived a first-rate life, and i find it eminently usable.
but the truth is, it bound to happen if you stay long enough.
so take that nice picture you got in your head home with you, but don't be fooled.
what would you say if you knew it was me who brought down bill parrish?
oh, i told drew and the board that bill depended on you.
i do it because i love you, because everybody loves you.
mommy, wherever she is, susan, quince, all the people you work with, anyone who's ever met you.
she always gets a smile from you, as opposed to me.
when i walk in, this look comes over your face, like, "what does she want now?"
i loved susan from the moment she was born, and i love her now and every minute in between.
and what i dream of is a man who will discover her, and that she will discover a man who will love her, who is worthy of her, who is of this world, of this time,
because you've somehow developed into a good guy, and you know this is all wrong.
i don't know what you're gonna do, but how can this be love?
members of the board, this will just take a minute of your time.
as custodians of the company, you may receive information from what follows that will be valuable to you or not.
you've operated behind the scenes to suborn the trust of a man who has stamped you with his imprimatur of class, elegance and stature.
i've had the opportunity to be witness to every kind and degree of deception.
but bill parrish has been on the receiving end of machinations so machiavellian that it has rarely been my experience to encounter.
and yet, he has combated them stoically and selflessly, without revealing my identity.
but he is too honorable a man to have done that.
because of me, he has lost his work, his company, his reputation.
the agency asked bill for his cooperation in an undercover investigation of bontecou.
we wanted to go after him, and this deal gave us that perfect opportunity.
he developed evidence you were working both sides of the fence.
unfortunately, that is what is known as a conflict of interest.
archers from the state college of new paltz will shoot flaming arrows at it.
when it catches fire, it will give us the effect of a viking funeral, but with none of the morbidity.
the hudson river authority says that for you, they'll make a special dispensation.
but, of course, there will be an overtime bill... for the poughkeepsie fire department.
to make the journey and not fall deeply in love, well, you haven't lived a life at all.
but you have to try, 'cause if you haven't tried, you haven't lived.
is it just the executive committee, or are you guys gonna use me?
quince, man, thanks for the offer, but it's all set for just me and bill.
all those admonitions about being " deliriously happy, that there is no sense living your life without."
all the sparks and energy you give off, the rosy advice you dispense in round, pear-shaped tones.
the question you've been asking yourself with increased regularity, at odd moments, panting through the extra game of handball, when you ran for the plane in delhi, when you sat up in bed last night and hit the floor in the office this morning.
the question that is in the back of your throat, choking the blood to your brain, ringing in your ears over and over as you put it to yourself.
but i also knew there was more to life than buying something for a dollar... and selling it for two.
i'd hoped to create something, something which could be... held to the highest standards.
perhaps a merger is a way... to bring bill's company into the 21st century, and perhaps it isn't.
and perhaps cheating on your french philosophers exam at the groton school... was an expedient way to get your diploma, and perhaps it wasn't.
bontecou is so anxious to get us, he said he'd take parrish communications with bill parrish or without.
in this crisis, and be assured... this is a crisis, it's not pleasant to say the following.
mandatory retirement on our chairman's 65th birthday, at which time the chairman will be named emeritus.
you're welcome to attend all meetings... and will serve as international spokesman for the corporation.
but the truth is, it bound to happen... if you stay long enough.
so take that nice picture you got in your head home with you, but don't be fooled.
oh, i told drew and the board that bill depended on you.
drew and bontecou are gonna chop up the company, sell it off for parts.
oh, i've got a baritone with a balalaika... coming from the russian tea room.
i've dressed him in a cossack shirt, and he'll be singing nelson eddy songs.
i wanna tell this guy how i feel about him face-to-face.
that could be a tall order, b.p. i doubt if drew is anxious to see you face-to-face.
i loved susan from the moment she was born, and i love her now and every minute in between.
and what i dream of is a man who will discover her, and that she will discover a man... who will love her, who is worthy of her, who is of this world, this time... and has the grace, compassion and fortitude to walk beside her... as she makes her way through life.
why don't you tell her, try it out, see what happens?
reveal everything there is to know about yourself and let the chips fall where they may.
i've had the opportunity to be witness to every kind and degree of deception.
but bill parrish has been on the receiving end of machinations so machiavellian... that it has rarely been my experience to encounter.
and yet, he has combatted them stoically and selflessly, without revealing my identity.
had he violated the vow of secrecy he took, his task would have been far easier.
mmm, yes, we were convinced that bontecou, on past deals, has structured his mergers and acquisitions... in suspicious and complicated ways so as to evade paying the taxes he is liable for.
the agency asked bill for his cooperation in an undercover investigation of bontecou.
of course, that's not his real name... smelled out your involvement, drew.
he developed evidence you were working both sides of the fence.
should you choose to test my resolve in this matter, you will be looking at an outcome that will have a finality... that is beyond your comprehension.
and you will not be counting the days or the months or the years, but millenniums in a place with no doors.
and i'm gonna break precedent and tell you my one candle wish.
that you would have a life as lucky as mine, where you can wake up one morning and say,
archers from the state college of new paltz will shoot flaming arrows at it.
when it catches fire, it will give us the effect of a viking funeral, but with none of the morbidity.
the hudson river authority says that for you, they'll make a special dispensation.
but, of course, there will be an overtime bill... for the poughkeepsie fire department.
there's not an ounce of excitement, not a... whisper of a thrill.
and this relationship has all the passion of a pair of titmice.
'cause the truth is, honey, there's no sense living your life without this.
to make the journey and not fall deeply in love, well, you haven't lived a life at all.
- we have an acceptance list that would do the white house proud:
the chairman of the f.c.c., the secretary general of the u.n.,
the man from whose lips fall "rapture" and "passion" and "obsession"?
all those admonitions about being "deliriously happy, that there is no sense living your life without."
when you put your mouth to his, it seemed a frequent thing.
drew is none of your business, and neither is where i put my mouth.
i have a certain function to perform, and it seems to take up most of my time.
but sometimes i... speculate... that i haven't left room for... anything else.
no passion or rapture or any of these mighty things you're so intent on imparting.
but i am certain, should you say who i am, our adventure would end abruptly.
what i'm trying to say is this is a board meeting and you're not a member.
- i'm sure you'll find a way to make it all right.
if we give him license to absorb parrish communications... and he has his eye on a few others after us... in order to reach the world, you will have to go through john bontecou.
and not only will you have to pay him to do this, far more important, you'll have to agree with him.
and perhaps cheating on your french philosophers exam at the groton school... was an expedient way to get your diploma, and perhaps it wasn't.
be that as it may, drew, a question can often be argued both ways.
bill parrish dealt with us preemptively... in dismissing any deal with bontecou.
therefore, i'm sorry to say that if we're to examine this new offer responsibly, as the board of directors of parrish communications, we must do so without its chairman.
now, what we're trying to do here is to, uh... to gather our thoughts in light of bill's rejection of bontecou's offer... and to make an appropriate presentation to him... as to how we think the company might proceed.
won't you share with our board the information you gave me last night?
mandatory retirement on our chairman's 65th birthday, at which time the chairman will be named emeritus.
you're welcome to attend all meetings... and will serve as international spokesman for the corporation.
i chose you for your verve, your excellence... and your ability to... instruct.
you've lived a first-rate life, and i find it eminently usable.
but the truth is, it bound to happen... if you stay long enough.
so take that nice picture you got in your head home with you, but don't be fooled.
oh, i told drew and the board that bill depended on you.
drew and bontecou are gonna chop up the company, sell it off for parts.
oh, i've got a baritone with a balalaika... coming from the russian tea room.
i've dressed him in a cossack shirt, and he'll be singing nelson eddy songs.
i wanna tell this guy how i feel about him face-to-face.
that could be a tall order, b.p. i doubt if drew is anxious to see you face-to-face.
i loved susan from the moment she was born, and i love her now and every minute in between.
and what i dream of is a man who will discover her, and that she will discover a man... who will love her, who is worthy of her, who is of this world, this time... and has the grace, compassion and fortitude to walk beside her... as she makes her way through life.
why don't you tell her, try it out, see what happens?
reveal everything there is to know about yourself and let the chips fall where they may.
i've had the opportunity to be witness to every kind and degree of deception.
but bill parrish has been on the receiving end of machinations so machiavellian... that it has rarely been my experience to encounter.
and yet, he has combated them stoically and selflessly, without revealing my identity.
had he violated the vow of secrecy he took, his task would have been far easier.
mmm, yes, we were convinced that bontecou, on past deals, has structured his mergers and acquisitions... in suspicious and complicated ways so as to evade paying the taxes he is liable for.
the agency asked bill for his cooperation in an undercover investigation of bontecou.
of course, that's not his real name... smelled out your involvement, drew.
he developed evidence you were working both sides of the fence.
should you choose to test my resolve in this matter, you will be looking at an outcome that will have a finality... that is beyond your comprehension.
and you will not be counting the days or the months or the years, but millenniums in a place with no doors.
and i'm gonna break precedent and tell you my one candle wish.
that you would have a life as lucky as mine, where you can wake up one morning and say,
now that we have a moment, would you mind if i expressed my gratitude for what you did for susan?
i've never heard her speak of any man as she spoke of you.
when it catches fire, it will give us the effect of a viking funeral, but with none of the morbidity.
the hudson river authority says that for you, they'll make a special dispensation.
to make the journey and not fall deeply in love, well, you haven't lived a life at all.
but you have to try, 'cause if you haven't tried, you haven't lived.
is it just the executive committee, or are you guys gonna use me?
quince, man, thanks for the offer, but it's all set for just me and bill.
and i want to have music that pleases you, but doesn't put a thousand other people to sleep.
- i've agonized over it and finally settled on sidney brown.
all those admonitions about being "deliriously happy, that there is no sense living your life without."
all the sparks and energy you give off, the rosy advice you dispense in round, pear-shaped tones.
the question you've been asking yourself with increased regularity, at odd moments, panting through the extra game of handball, when you ran for the plane in delhi, when you sat up in bed last night and hit the floor in the office this morning.
the question that is in the back of your throat, choking the blood to your brain, ringing in your ears over and over as you put it to yourself.
hitting on me in as nice a way as i've been hit on in a long time.
the second that you found out i was my father's daughter, you, uh...
- perhaps a merger is a way... to bring bill's company into the 21st century, and perhaps it isn't.
and perhaps cheating on your french philosophers exam at the groton school... was an expedient way to get your diploma, and perhaps it wasn't.
bontecou is so anxious to get us, he said he'd take parrish communications with bill parrish or without.
in this crisis, and be assured... this is a crisis, it's not pleasant to say the following.
have you had a chance to, uh, look at my father's rare books?
he has jefferson's parliamentary manual, and, uh, this first edition of bleak house.
we have a right to know how you are managing the operations of this company.
and, most importantly, that you have not delegated someone to do it for you.
you're welcome to attend all meetings... and will serve as international spokesman for the corporation.
plus, of course, a settlement, a golden parachute of such magnitude that his feet will never touch the ground.
i'm only living the parrish bywords... looking for that "ounce of excitement,"
that "whisper of a thrill there is no sense living your life without."
you may be the pro, joe, but i know who you are, and you're all fucked up.
i don't like your tone, and i don't like your references.
but the truth is, it bound to happen... if you stay long enough.
so take that nice picture you got in your head home with you, but don't be fooled.
oh, i told drew and the board that bill depended on you.
drew and bontecou are gonna chop up the company, sell it off for parts.
oh, i've got a baritone with a balalaika... coming from the russian tea room.
i've dressed him in a cossack shirt, and he'll be singing nelson eddy songs.
i wanna tell this guy how i feel about him face-to-face.
that could be a tall order, b.p. i doubt if drew is anxious to see you face-to-face.
i loved susan from the moment she was born, and i love her now and every minute in between.
and what i dream of is a man who will discover her, and that she will discover a man... who will love her, who is worthy of her, who is of this world, this time... and has the grace, compassion and fortitude to walk beside her... as she makes her way through life.
why don't you tell her, try it out, see what happens?
reveal everything there is to know about yourself and let the chips fall where they may.
i've had the opportunity to be witness to every kind and degree of deception.
but bill parrish has been on the receiving end of machinations so machiavellian... that it has rarely been my experience to encounter.
and yet, he has combated them stoically and selflessly, without revealing my identity.
had he violated the vow of secrecy he took, his task would have been far easier.
mmm, yes, we were convinced that bontecou, on past deals, has structured his mergers and acquisitions... in suspicious and complicated ways so as to evade paying the taxes he is liable for.
the agency asked bill for his cooperation in an undercover investigation of bontecou.
of course, that's not his real name... smelled out your involvement, drew.
he developed evidence you were working both sides of the fence.
should you choose to test my resolve in this matter, you will be looking at an outcome that will have a finality... that is beyond your comprehension.
and you will not be counting the days or the months or the years, but millenniums in a place with no doors.
now that we have a moment, would you mind if i expressed my gratitude for what you did for susan?
i've never heard her speak of any man as she spoke of you.
when it catches fire, it will give us the effect of a viking funeral, but with none of the morbidity.
the hudson river authority says that for you, they'll make a special dispensation.
to make the journey and not fall deeply in love, well, you haven't lived a life at all.
but you have to try, 'cause if you haven't tried, you haven't lived.
is it just the executive committee, or are you guys gonna use me?
quince, man, thanks for the offer, but it's all set for just me and bill.
and i want to have music that pleases you, but doesn't put a thousand other people to sleep.
- i've agonized over it and finally settled on sidney brown.
all those admonitions about being "deliriously happy, that there is no sense living your life without."
all the sparks and energy you give off, the rosy advice you dispense in round, pear-shaped tones.
the question you've been asking yourself with increased regularity, at odd moments, panting through the extra game of handball, when you ran for the plane in delhi, when you sat up in bed last night and hit the floor in the office this morning.
the question that is in the back of your throat, choking the blood to your brain, ringing in your ears over and over as you put it to yourself.
hitting on me in as nice a way as i've been hit on in a long time.
the second that you found out i was my father's daughter, you, uh...
- perhaps a merger is a way... to bring bill's company into the 21st century, and perhaps it isn't.
and perhaps cheating on your french philosophers exam at the groton school... was an expedient way to get your diploma, and perhaps it wasn't.
bontecou is so anxious to get us, he said he'd take parrish communications with bill parrish or without.
in this crisis, and be assured... this is a crisis, it's not pleasant to say the following.
have you had a chance to, uh, look at my father's rare books?
he has jefferson's parliamentary manual, and, uh, this first edition of bleak house.
we have a right to know how you are managing the operations of this company.
and, most importantly, that you have not delegated someone to do it for you.
you're welcome to attend all meetings... and will serve as international spokesman for the corporation.
plus, of course, a settlement, a golden parachute of such magnitude that his feet will never touch the ground.
i'm only living the parrish bywords... looking for that "ounce of excitement,"
that "whisper of a thrill there is no sense living your life without."
you may be the pro, joe, but i know who you are, and you're all fucked up.
i don't like your tone, and i don't like your references.
but the truth is, it bound to happen... if you stay long enough.
so take that nice picture you got in your head home with you, but don't be fooled.
oh, i told drew and the board that bill depended on you.
drew and bontecou are gonna chop up the company, sell it off for parts.
oh, i've got a baritone with a balalaika... coming from the russian tea room.
i've dressed him in a cossack shirt, and he'll be singing nelson eddy songs.
i wanna tell this guy how i feel about him face-to-face.
that could be a tall order, b.p. i doubt if drew is anxious to see you face-to-face.
i loved susan from the moment she was born, and i love her now and every minute in between.
and what i dream of is a man who will discover her, and that she will discover a man... who will love her, who is worthy of her, who is of this world, this time... and has the grace, compassion and fortitude to walk beside her... as she makes her way through life.
why don't you tell her, try it out, see what happens?
reveal everything there is to know about yourself and let the chips fall where they may.
i've had the opportunity to be witness to every kind and degree of deception.
but bill parrish has been on the receiving end of machinations so machiavellian... that it has rarely been my experience to encounter.
and yet, he has combated them stoically and selflessly, without revealing my identity.
had he violated the vow of secrecy he took, his task would have been far easier.
mmm, yes, we were convinced that bontecou, on past deals, has structured his mergers and acquisitions... in suspicious and complicated ways so as to evade paying the taxes he is liable for.
the agency asked bill for his cooperation in an undercover investigation of bontecou.
of course, that's not his real name... smelled out your involvement, drew.
he developed evidence you were working both sides of the fence.
should you choose to test my resolve in this matter, you will be looking at an outcome that will have a finality... that is beyond your comprehension.
and you will not be counting the days or the months or the years, but millenniums in a place with no doors.
and i'm gonna break precedent and tell you my one candle wish.
that you would have a life as lucky as mine, where you can wake up one morning and say,
now that we have a moment, would you mind if i expressed my gratitude for what you did for susan?
i've never heard her speak of any man as she spoke of you.
when it catches fire, it will give us the effect of a viking funeral, but with none of the morbidity.
the hudson river authority says that for you, they'll make a special dispensation.
to make the journey and not fall deeply in love, well, you haven't lived a life at all.
but you have to try, 'cause if you haven't tried, you haven't lived.
is it just the executive committee, or are you guys gonna use me?
quince, man, thanks for the offer, but it's all set for just me and bill.
and i want to have music that pleases you, but doesn't put a thousand other people to sleep.
- i've agonized over it and finally settled on sidney brown.
all those admonitions about being "deliriously happy, that there is no sense living your life without."
all the sparks and energy you give off, the rosy advice you dispense in round, pear-shaped tones.
the question you've been asking yourself with increased regularity, at odd moments, panting through the extra game of handball, when you ran for the plane in delhi, when you sat up in bed last night and hit the floor in the office this morning.
the question that is in the back of your throat, choking the blood to your brain, ringing in your ears over and over as you put it to yourself.
hitting on me in as nice a way as i've been hit on in a long time.
the second that you found out i was my father's daughter, you, uh...
when you put your mouth to his, it seemed a frequent thing.
drew is none of your business, and neither is where i put my mouth.
but i also knew there was more to life than buying something for a dollar... and selling it for two.
i'd hoped to create something, something which could be... held to the highest standards.
and perhaps cheating on your french philosophers exam at the groton school... was an expedient way to get your diploma, and perhaps it wasn't.
be that as it may, drew, a question can often be argued both ways.
bill parrish dealt with us preemptively... in dismissing any deal with bontecou.
therefore, i'm sorry to say that if we're to examine this new offer responsibly, as the board of directors of parrish communications, we must do so without its chairman.
now, what we're trying to do here is to, uh... to gather our thoughts in light of bill's rejection of bontecou's offer... and to make an appropriate presentation to him... as to how we think the company might proceed.
won't you share with our board the information you gave me last night?
have you had a chance to, uh, look at my father's rare books?
he has jefferson's parliamentary manual, and, uh, this first edition of bleak house.
we have a right to know how you are managing the operations of this company.
and, most importantly, that you have not delegated someone to do it for you.
you're welcome to attend all meetings... and will serve as international spokesman for the corporation.
plus, of course, a settlement, a golden parachute of such magnitude that his feet will never touch the ground.
i'm only living the parrish bywords... looking for that "ounce of excitement,"
that "whisper of a thrill there is no sense living your life without."
you may be the pro, joe, but i know who you are, and you're all fucked up.
i don't like your tone, and i don't like your references.
but the truth is, it bound to happen... if you stay long enough.
so take that nice picture you got in your head home with you, but don't be fooled.
oh, i told drew and the board that bill depended on you.
drew and bontecou are gonna chop up the company, sell it off for parts.
oh, i've got a baritone with a balalaika... coming from the russian tea room.
i've dressed him in a cossack shirt, and he'll be singing nelson eddy songs.
i wanna tell this guy how i feel about him face-to-face.
that could be a tall order, b.p. i doubt if drew is anxious to see you face-to-face.
i loved susan from the moment she was born, and i love her now and every minute in between.
and what i dream of is a man who will discover her, and that she will discover a man... who will love her, who is worthy of her, who is of this world, this time... and has the grace, compassion and fortitude to walk beside her... as she makes her way through life.
why don't you tell her, try it out, see what happens?
reveal everything there is to know about yourself and let the chips fall where they may.
i've had the opportunity to be witness to every kind and degree of deception.
but bill parrish has been on the receiving end of machinations so machiavellian... that it has rarely been my experience to encounter.
and yet, he has combatted them stoically and selflessly, without revealing my identity.
had he violated the vow of secrecy he took, his task would have been far easier.
mmm, yes, we were convinced that bontecou, on past deals, has structured his mergers and acquisitions... in suspicious and complicated ways so as to evade paying the taxes he is liable for.
the agency asked bill for his cooperation in an undercover investigation of bontecou.
of course, that's not his real name... smelled out your involvement, drew.
he developed evidence you were working both sides of the fence.
should you choose to test my resolve in this matter, you will be looking at an outcome that will have a finality... that is beyond your comprehension.
and you will not be counting the days or the months or the years, but millenniums in a place with no doors.
and i'm gonna break precedent and tell you my one candle wish.
that you would have a life as lucky as mine, where you can wake up one morning and say,
now that we have a moment, would you mind if i expressed my gratitude for what you did for susan?
i've never heard her speak of any man as she spoke of you.
when it catches fire, it will give us the effect of a viking funeral, but with none of the morbidity.
the hudson river authority says that for you, they'll make a special dispensation.
to make the journey and not fall deeply in love, well, you haven't lived a life at all.
but you have to try, 'cause if you haven't tried, you haven't lived.
is it just the executive committee, or are you guys gonna use me?
quince, man, thanks for the offer, but it's all set for just me and bill.
and i want to have music that pleases you, but doesn't put a thousand other people to sleep.
- i've agonized over it and finally settled on sidney brown.
all those admonitions about being "deliriously happy, that there is no sense living your life without. "
all the sparks and energy you give off, the rosy advice you dispense in round, pear-shaped tones.
the question you've been asking yourself with increased regularity, at odd moments, panting through the extra game of handball, when you ran for the plane in delhi, when you sat up in bed last night and hit the floor in the office this morning.
the question that is in the back of your throat, choking the blood to your brain, ringing in your ears over and over as you put it to yourself.
hitting on me in as nice a way as i've been hit on in a long time.
the second that you found out i was my father's daughter, you, uh...
when you put your mouth to his, it seemed a frequent thing.
drew is none of your business, and neither is where i put my mouth.
i have a certain function to perform, and it seems to take up most of my time.
but sometimes i... speculate... that i haven't left room for... anything else.
no passion or rapture or any of these mighty things you're so intent on imparting.
but i am certain, should you say who i am, our adventure would end abruptly.
what i'm trying to say is this is a board meeting and you're not a member.
- i'm sure you'll find a way to make it all right.
if we give him license to absorb parrish communications... and he has his eye on a few others after us... in order to reach the world, you will have to go through john bontecou.
and not only will you have to pay him to do this, far more important, you'll have to agree with him.
and perhaps cheating on your french philosophers exam at the groton school... was an expedient way to get your diploma, and perhaps it wasn't.
be that as it may, drew, a question can often be argued both ways.
bill parrish dealt with us preemptively... in dismissing any deal with bontecou.
therefore, i'm sorry to say that if we're to examine this new offer responsibly, as the board of directors of parrish communications, we must do so without its chairman.
now, what we're trying to do here is to, uh... to gather our thoughts in light of bill's rejection of bontecou's offer... and to make an appropriate presentation to him... as to how we think the company might proceed.
won't you share with our board the information you gave me last night?
mandatory retirement on our chairman's 65th birthday, at which time the chairman will be named emeritus.
you're welcome to attend all meetings... and will serve as international spokesman for the corporation.
i chose you for your verve, your excellence... and your ability to... instruct.
you've lived a first-rate life, and i find it eminently usable.
but the truth is, it bound to happen... if you stay long enough.
so take that nice picture you got in your head home with you, but don't be fooled.
oh, i told drew and the board that bill depended on you.
drew and bontecou are gonna chop up the company, sell it off for parts.
oh, i've got a baritone with a balalaika... coming from the russian tea room.
i've dressed him in a cossack shirt, and he'll be singing nelson eddy songs.
because you've somehow developed into a good guy, and you know this is all wrong.
i don't know what you're gonna do, but, uh, how can this be love?
members of the board, this will just take a minute of your time.
as custodians of the company, you may receive information from what follows... that will be valuable to you or not.
you've operated behind the scenes to suborn the trust of a man... who has stamped you with his imprimatur of class, elegance and stature.
i've had the opportunity to be witness to every kind and degree of deception.
but bill parrish has been on the receiving end of machinations so machiavellian... that it has rarely been my experience to encounter.
and yet, he has combated them stoically and selflessly, without revealing my identity.
but he is too honorable a man to have done that.
because of me, he has lost his work, his company, his reputation.
the agency asked bill for his cooperation in an undercover investigation of bontecou.
we wanted to go after him, and this deal gave us that perfect opportunity.
he developed evidence you were working both sides of the fence.
unfortunately, that is what is known as a conflict of interest.
archers from the state college of new paltz will shoot flaming arrows at it.
when it catches fire, it will give us the effect of a viking funeral, but with none of the morbidity.
the hudson river authority says that for you, they'll make a special dispensation.
but, of course, there will be an overtime bill... for the poughkeepsie fire department.
to make the journey and not fall deeply in love, well, you haven't lived a life at all.
but you have to try, 'cause if you haven't tried, you haven't lived.
is it just the executive committee, or are you guys gonna use me?
quince, man, thanks for the offer, but it's all set for just me and bill.
all those admonitions about being " deliriously happy, that there is no sense living your life without."
all the sparks and energy you give off, the rosy advice you dispense in round, pear-shaped tones.
the question you've been asking yourself with increased regularity, at odd moments, panting through the extra game of handball, when you ran for the plane in delhi, when you sat up in bed last night and hit the floor in the office this morning.
the question that is in the back of your throat, choking the blood to your brain, ringing in your ears over and over as you put it to yourself.
but i also knew there was more to life than buying something for a dollar... and selling it for two.
i'd hoped to create something, something which could be... held to the highest standards.
perhaps a merger is a way... to bring bill's company into the 21st century, and perhaps it isn't.
and perhaps cheating on your french philosophers exam at the groton school... was an expedient way to get your diploma, and perhaps it wasn't.
bontecou is so anxious to get us, he said he'd take parrish communications with bill parrish or without.
in this crisis, and be assured... this is a crisis, it's not pleasant to say the following.
mandatory retirement on our chairman's 65th birthday, at which time the chairman will be named emeritus.
you're welcome to attend all meetings... and will serve as international spokesman for the corporation.
but the truth is, it bound to happen... if you stay long enough.
so take that nice picture you got in your head home with you, but don't be fooled.
oh, i told drew and the board that bill depended on you.
drew and bontecou are gonna chop up the company, sell it off for parts.
oh, i've got a baritone with a balalaika... coming from the russian tea room.
i've dressed him in a cossack shirt, and he'll be singing nelson eddy songs.
i wanna tell this guy how i feel about him face-to-face.
that could be a tall order, b.p. i doubt if drew is anxious to see you face-to-face.
i loved susan from the moment she was born, and i love her now and every minute in between.
and what i dream of is a man who will discover her, and that she will discover a man... who will love her, who is worthy of her, who is of this world, this time... and has the grace, compassion and fortitude to walk beside her... as she makes her way through life.
why don't you tell her, try it out, see what happens?
reveal everything there is to know about yourself and let the chips fall where they may.
i've had the opportunity to be witness to every kind and degree of deception.
but bill parrish has been on the receiving end of machinations so machiavellian... that it has rarely been my experience to encounter.
and yet, he has combatted them stoically and selflessly, without revealing my identity.
had he violated the vow of secrecy he took, his task would have been far easier.
mmm, yes, we were convinced that bontecou, on past deals, has structured his mergers and acquisitions... in suspicious and complicated ways so as to evade paying the taxes he is liable for.
the agency asked bill for his cooperation in an undercover investigation of bontecou.
of course, that's not his real name... smelled out your involvement, drew.
he developed evidence you were working both sides of the fence.
should you choose to test my resolve in this matter, you will be looking at an outcome that will have a finality... that is beyond your comprehension.
and you will not be counting the days or the months or the years, but millenniums in a place with no doors.
and i'm gonna break precedent and tell you my one candle wish.
that you would have a life as lucky as mine, where you can wake up one morning and say,
when it catches fire, it will give us the effect of a viking funeral, but with none of the morbidity.
the hudson river authority says that for you, they'll make a special dispensation.
to make the journey and not fall deeply in love, well, you haven't lived a life at all.
but you have to try, 'cause if you haven't tried, you haven't lived.
is it just the executive committee, or are you guys gonna use me?
quince, man, thanks for the offer, but it's all set for just me and bill.
the question you've been asking yourself with increased regularity, at odd moments, panting through the extra game of handball, when you ran for the plane in delhi, when you sat up in bed last night and hit the floor in the office this morning.
the question that is in the back of your throat, choking the blood to your brain, ringing in your ears over and over as you put it to yourself.
hitting on me in as nice a way as i've been hit on in a long time.
the second that you found out i was my father's daughter, you...
when you put your mouth to his, it seemed a frequent thing.
drew is none of your business, and neither is where i put my mouth.
no passion or rapture or any of these mighty things you're so intent on imparting.
but i am certain, should you say who i am, our adventure would end abruptly.
what i'm trying to say is this is a board meeting and you're not a member.
i'm sure you'll find a way to make it all right.
if we give him license to absorb parrish communications and he has his eye on a few others after us, in order to reach the world, you will have to go through john bontecou.
and not only will you have to pay him to do this, far more important, you'll have to agree with him.
and perhaps cheating on your french philosophers exam at the groton school was an expedient way to get your diploma, and perhaps it wasn't.
be that as it may, drew, a question can often be argued both ways.
bontecou is so anxious to get us, he said he'd take parrish communications with bill parrish or without.
in this crisis, and be assured this is a crisis, it's not pleasant to say the following.
have you had a chance to look at my father's rare books?
he has jefferson's parliamentary manual, and this first edition of bleak house.
- i'm not interested in the details and i'm not interested in the big picture either.
what i am interested in is how my board got convened behind my back and is entertaining a further proposal from a man with whom it offends me to do business.
mandatory retirement on our chairman's 65th birthday, at which time the chairman will be named emeritus.
you're welcome to attend all meetings and will serve as international spokesman for the corporation.
i'm only living the parrish bywords, looking for that "ounce of excitement,"
that "whisper of a thrill there is no sense living your life without."
you may be the pro, joe, but i know who you are, and you're all fucked up.
i don't like your tone, and i don't like your references.
oh, i told drew and the board that bill depended on you.
drew and bontecou are gonna chop up the company, sell it off for parts.
oh, i've got a baritone with a balalaika coming from the russian tea room.
i've dressed him in a cossack shirt, and he'll be singing nelson eddy songs.
i loved susan from the moment she was born, and i love her now and every minute in between.
and what i dream of is a man who will discover her, and that she will discover a man who will love her, who is worthy of her, who is of this world, of this time,
because you've somehow developed into a good guy, and you know this is all wrong.
i don't know what you're gonna do, but how can this be love?
i've had the opportunity to be witness to every kind and degree of deception.
but bill parrish has been on the receiving end of machinations so machiavellian that it has rarely been my experience to encounter.
and yet, he has combated them stoically and selflessly, without revealing my identity.
had he violated the vow of secrecy he took, his task would have been far easier.
yes, we were convinced that bontecou, on past deals, has structured his mergers and acquisitions in suspicious and complicated ways so as to evade paying the taxes he is liable for.
the agency asked bill for his cooperation in an undercover investigation of bontecou.
of course, that's not his real name, smelled out your involvement, drew.
he developed evidence you were working both sides of the fence.
should you choose to test my resolve in this matter, you will be looking at an outcome that will have a finality that is beyond your comprehension.
and you will not be counting the days or the months or the years, but millenniums in a place with no doors.
and i'm gonna break precedent and tell you my one candle wish.
that you would have a life as lucky as mine, where you can wake up one morning and say,
now that we have a moment, would you mind if i expressed my gratitude for what you did for susan?
i've never heard her speak of any man as she spoke of you.
the only hope for peace was in the legend of the sword excalibur.
for it was said that only the true king could pull this magical sword from its stone and unite the people.
sir lionel was my most trusted knight and also my dear, dear friend.
we will always remember how he bravely upheld the ideals of camelot.
the knights will find the sword and they'll do it by working together.
while i'm working here doing the chores, fetching the eggs, taking care of the house.
if you'd got me a good lawyer, i would've split 400 years ago.
now, listen here, pal, i didn't come here to be insulted.
after i lost my sight your father was the only one who still believed in me.
he taught me that a knight's strength comes from his heart and his loyalty to the oath of camelot.
you have reminded us that a kingdom's strength is not based on the strength of the king but the strength of the people.
from this day forward you will both sit as knights of the round table.
the only hope for peace was in the legend of the sword excalibur.
for it was said that only the true king could pull this magical sword from its stone and unite the people.
sir lionel was my most trusted knight and also my dear, dear friend.
we will always remember how he bravely upheld the ideals of camelot.
the knights will find the sword and they'll do it by working together.
while i'm working here doing the chores, fetching the eggs, taking care of the house.
if you'd got me a good lawyer, i would've split 400 years ago.
now, listen here, pal, i didn't come here to be insulted.
after i lost my sight your father was the only one who still believed in me.
he taught me that a knight's strength comes from his heart and his loyalty to the oath of camelot.
you have reminded us that a kingdom's strength is not based on the strength of the king but the strength of the people.
from this day forward you will both sit as knights of the round table.
the only hope for peace was in the legend of the sword excalibur.
for it was said that only the true king could pull this magical sword from its stone and unite the people.
sir lionel was my most trusted knight and also my dear, dear friend.
we will always remember how he bravely upheld the ideals of camelot.
the knights will find the sword and they'll do it by working together.
while i'm working here doing the chores, fetching the eggs, taking care of the house.
if you'd got me a good lawyer, i would've split 400 years ago.
now, listen here, pal, i didn't come here to be insulted.
after i lost my sight your father was the only one who still believed in me.
he taught me that a knight's strength comes from his heart and his loyalty to the oath of camelot.
you have reminded us that a kingdom's strength is not based on the strength of the king but the strength of the people.
from this day forward you will both sit as knights of the round table.
the only hope for peace was in the legend of the sword excalibur.
for it was said that only the true king could pull this magical sword from its stone and unite the people.
lady juliana the gates of camelot will always be open to you.
sir lionel was my most trusted knight and also my dear, dear friend.
in the ten years since sir lionel's death equality and freedom have spread throughout the lands.
excalibur has given us the strength to stand together against all injustice.
the knights will find the sword and they'll do it by working together.
while i'm working here doing the chores, fetching the eggs, taking care of the house.
of all the evil creatures in the world, i had to find one with table manners.
and no mistakes or i'll make space on the spit for you.
and so these three rings represent the unity of our kingdom.
as a knight, i took an oath to protect camelot, king arthur and excalibur.
lady juliana the gates of camelot will always be open to you.
sir lionel was my most trusted knight and also my dear, dear friend.
if you'd just let me, i know i could find excalibur all on my own.
the knights will find the sword and they'll do it by working together.
of all the evil creatures in the world, i had to find one with table manners.
and no mistakes or i'll make space on the spit for you.
any hope i had of becoming a knight died with him.
i felt that way too, but i knew he would never want me to give up.
we know you do have a choice, so thank you for flying dragon air.
tell you what, next time you try to fly, and we'll hold on.
listen, you jurassic twit kayley deserves someone who will love her.
someone who'll hold her in his arms who'll run his fingers through her hair look deeply in her eyes and make her feel like a real woman.
i want you to know how i ended up in here... because... it's not what you think.
it all started on a morning i was doing something you would find a complete waste of time.
as far as he was concerned, the only ship i was going to serve on had to have a starfleet insignia on it.
so now you have an opportunity to make up for lost time.
i'm telling you, harry, i have been dreaming about something like this for as long as i can remember.
correct me if i'm wrong, but there is a mission involved here, right?
apparently, ensign culhane confused the enemy with a brilliant series of evasive maneuvers.
i hear captain janeway is considering him for chief conn officer.
looks like the density of the water's been increasing over the past few years.
it seems the reactor's just trying to keep itself from being crushed.
they've asked me to request the shield and thruster schematics for your delta flyer.
we're hoping to design a probe that'll allow us to monitor the containment generator.
i'd like to respond, but not as a diplomat as a monean.
you came here claiming you wanted to learn about our way of life, and now, having spent three days here, you're suggesting we abandon it.
i want you to tell me honestly-- what do you think's going to happen now?
i think the bureaucracy isn't going to make more than token changes.
i'm just asking questions... because i'm not supposed to get involved in the internal affairs of alien worlds... unless, of course, someone makes a direct request.
if you can get me down there, i'd be willing to do it.
after salvaging the delta flyer, we've resumed our course toward the alpha quadrant.
i now have to turn my attention to a matter of discipline.
i understand your passion, but passion alone doesn't give you the right to take matters into your own hands.
four years ago, i released you from prison and gave you a fresh start.
that doesn't mean that serving under your command hasn't changed me-- for the better.
at least this time, i broke the rules for a reason, for something i believed in.
computer, file letter in my personal database... and transmit when we're within range of earth.
lieutenant thomas eugene paris, i hereby reduce you to the rank of ensign.
i want you to know how i ended up in here... because... it's not what you think.
it all started on a morning i was doing something you would find a complete waste of time.
as far as he was concerned, the only ship i was going to serve on had to have a starfleet insignia on it.
so now you have an opportunity to make up for lost time.
i'm telling you, harry, i have been dreaming about something like this for as long as i can remember.
correct me if i'm wrong, but there is a mission involved here, right?
apparently, ensign culhane confused the enemy with a brilliant series of evasive maneuvers.
i hear captain janeway is considering him for chief conn officer.
looks like the density of the water's been increasing over the past few years.
it seems the reactor's just trying to keep itself from being crushed.
they've asked me to request the shield and thruster schematics for your delta flyer.
we're hoping to design a probe that'll allow us to monitor the containment generator.
i'd like to respond, but not as a diplomat as a monean.
you came here claiming you wanted to learn about our way of life, and now, having spent three days here, you're suggesting we abandon it.
i want you to tell me honestly-- what do you think's going to happen now?
i think the bureaucracy isn't going to make more than token changes.
i'm just asking questions... because i'm not supposed to get involved in the internal affairs of alien worlds... unless, of course, someone makes a direct request.
if you can get me down there, i'd be willing to do it.
after salvaging the delta flyer, we've resumed our course toward the alpha quadrant.
i now have to turn my attention to a matter of discipline.
i understand your passion, but passion alone doesn't give you the right to take matters into your own hands.
four years ago, i released you from prison and gave you a fresh start.
that doesn't mean that serving under your command hasn't changed me-- for the better.
at least this time, i broke the rules for a reason, for something i believed in.
his name is andrew kunain, he's 27 years old, family lives near here.
- no, judge de silva, andrew de silva, his father used to come in here all the time, buy cigars...
- yea, but i heard he had to leave the country, cause he was involved in some embezzlement of some stocks.
- i find out his last place of residence was some dump in san diego.
- would you please tell us anything you know about him.
- from what i heard, as child he was never deprived of anything.
i mean, he was incredible charming, even when you knew that he was bullshitting you, it was still hard to turn yourself off of him.
you saw him in his tailored blazers, smoking his fat kohiba cigars.
their behavior is motivated by their own biological juices, so they maybe they become not only devils but victims too.
- yes, they too could have become angels, if not for some superior plan.
do you have some thing a little stronger than coke and i don't mean orange juice.
- you kept all your bad habits or just that one.
- because you hated your life there with me and you wanted to start a new one with jeffrey.
- i couldn't stand watching your little charade, posh parties, unpaid tabs at the expensive restaurants.
what did you think you were going to accomplish by coming in here?
did you think that i was going to have missed you so much that i'd be so grateful to have you grace me with your presence, that i'd fall on my knees and thank god we were together at last
- i guess that's as close to an i love that i'm going to get this evening.
- if you have to, stay here, but, if you're staying, stay on the sofa.
- you know the way i work, when i have an inspiration,
i sleep with it and, if in the morning, the thought is still in my head, then it's worth working for it.
- but donatella... if the neckline weren't down to the ankles, she'd think we were too conservative.
- what have i always told you it's never too much, never too little, never too anything.
- maybe we both got sick and tired ...of hearing ourselves talk.
- maybe you and david had more to talk about amongst your selves.
you piss and moan about these people on tv having what you don't have, but you won't work for it.
you'll go down on any old man with a fat wallet.
you want to keep playing your poor little me, nobody loves me.
you're going to be out in the cold, on your own and i don't think you can hack it on your own.
breaking news story, local residence are stunned by the viciousness of an apparent homicide at the home of prominent architect, david madigan.
sources within the police department have revealed that as of yet they have ...not confirmed the suspect or the motive.
david, do you think i could've hurt david unless i had to.
- had to, what the hell could've happened to make you think you had to.
- david, i can't explain it to you right now because the way you're feeling now you couldn't possibly understand it.
all i know is that i need your help and, you have to decide whether or not you're going to give me that help.
- david madsen, 33, successful architect, ex marine, based in sandiego.
left town about a year ago to start his own business in minneapolis.
- he had some kind of relationship with jeffrey gale, anyway, these two left san diego and moved to minneapolis.
some of my investigations have led me to believe that kunanin may have thought the relationship they were having constituted as some sort of betrayal.
anyway, the truth is we don't know what his motivation might have been, but we're searching for one.
i'd like to announce now ladies and gentleman, the beginning of anationwide manhunt for andrew kunanin.
but there is no solid evidence that kunanin is hiv positive and if so that that's what sparked his revenge killing spree.
- but if that is the case, it will be easy to catch him, we just have to find his past lovers.
it is now certain the young man came to minneapolis from southern california, probably san diego.
the fbi is conducting a nation wide manhunt for this man.
he was last seen driving through chicago's gay neighborhoods in a gray jeep cherokee he allegedly stole from his previous victim.
this young man is known for preying on elderly, wealthy men.
he is known to be ruthless and will stop at nothing.
if you see this man you should call the fbi or your local police immediately.
he could go anywhere, he doesn't have any strong ties to anyone.
hang on a second, that's my other phone yea, hold on, hold on... ok, that's my other line, i've gotta take it.
- yea, outside the cemetery gate, and he yanked out the cell phone.
- that's to let us know that he knows we're on to him.
- yea, this is one the capitals of the gay culture in the united states.
oh no, you have the village in new york, west hollywood in los angeles, ..., and we've got south beach in miami
- beats the shit out of a lot of the people you meet on 5th avenue in manhattan or pennsylvania in d.c.
- look at the people, they're friendly, they're happy, they're energetic.
i've a spree killer loose in my city and you don't have a clue where the fucking bastard is!
what i really mean is, that we've got this guy who hasn't been all that sneaky, he's been walking around practically with a sign on him that says "me killer, you victim"
we got tourists from all the world, we've got a pretty high flying gay community, we've got a pretty high flying straight community, we got a large latino immigration population we're talking about a city that hasn't looked the same two days in a row
- tell me something chief where are all the flyers i told you to print up, huh?
- law enforcement is just like every other government agency, it's a damn bureaucracy ...it's what help up kunanin's prints at the pawn shop, it's what help up the damn flyers everything takes a long time to get done,
down here in the south cause everyone's so sun struck no, everyone's so fucking lazy!
- listen you guys, i know the beach like the palm of my hand and
i'm telling you i don't what it good it's goin to do to paper theplace with flyers.
if own a club, a bar, a restaurant, what the hell do you think it's going to do for your business to hang a flyer in the window that says,
"oh, by the way, we have a killer lose in the neighborhood!"
- well, i'm going to the university of miami, political science.
i just came in to get settled before the semester starts.
- you know a friend set it up for me and i really haven't been there, so watch me not be able to find my own place.
- well listen, i've gotta go, ok baby, we'll talk later or something like that.
- no, now that we've got him in ou sights i'm afraid to do anything that would make him move cause then we'll lose him again.
- look this guy's desperate and he's broke and he knows we're closing in on him.
- i'm sorry, you can't be in here, you'll have to wait in the waiting room.
i'll send out a doctor as soon as we know anything
kunanin has been on the top of the fbi's most wanted list for several weeks now.
i'd like to turn it over now to special agents' john jacoby and bernie rogers of the fbi.
you want answers, you want to know why, well fuck you.
- reason people want to know is because you get this fear about the guy next to you, right, and you wonder what could make somebody become this kind of horror.
gianni versace was this successful, powerful, brilliant gay man which is everything that kunanin wanted to be but couldn't become,
so he had to do the only thing he knew how to do, which was steal somebody else's fame.
that we're more interested in movie stars, fashion designers and tycoons than brain surgeons.
and any student of religion can tell you that people create their own god
if that's kind of people we are then somebody like andrew kunanin was inevitable.
maybe one day the devil will change back into in an angel.
he said i was to hang around while you got changed.
got a ton of jobs to do as well, before we go.
my mom met the fat at a time when she was very worried about the store.
business was bad, but then she gave the fat an important job there, and after that, things got a lot better again.
we used to go there about once a week and visit all the departments.
i'd say hello to everybody and they'd smile and say hello back.
i can assure you... that if your poor mother were here now, she would be on her knees.
on her knees, begging you to sign the store over to me.
after that, i wanted to sit down on the grass to rest, but i was afraid of the fat.
i was afraid he would send policemen to take me back.
so i just kept going on and on through the day.
then i walked and walked as fast as i could until the houses got fewer and there were more trees.
surely you've had that moment of indecision when some little live creature shows up in your headlight, but you drive over anyway and forget about it.
don't you scream blue murder every time the body of a bird hits the precious paintwork of your car?
i used to go in beside them somehow, and everything was big around me.
sometimes i got lost in there, but when i got frightened, i always came back to being me again, so i never cried.
we never did anything else like that, although mr. summers had plenty of plans and schemes.
the rest of the time, we walked up and down the narrow, twisty roads, burying the animals the cars had squashed.
mr. summers got crosser and crosser and took to drinking whiskey out of the bottle during the day.
he said awful things about the people in the cars, though i thought they looked quite ordinary.
we sat and smoked one cigarette after another while i told him what had happened on the beach with mr. whiteside.
i told him all that and went right back to the beginning and told him about my mother, and the store, and the fat.
then i told him about getting knocked down by a car in the high street when i was little, and not being well ever since.
i told him about the nurses and the tutors and never having to go to school.
but i feel bad about my mother because i know she didn't want it that way.
but if she knew i was living here, and i didn't need the store, or even the house or anything, then i think she might think it's all right to let it go.
you know, because what she wanted was me to be happy, and that's what i am here, with you.
in that case, you and i will go to london to see this man.
well, bobby has been living with me in cornwall since the beginning if the summer.
he has told me that he is happy and that he would like to stay on indefinitely.
he was worried once his whereabouts were known, then you might decide to come looking for him.
well, it was bothering him so much that i suggested to him that he come back on his own accord, and tell you exactly what his new circumstances are.
maybe i should let you and mr. summers play house after all.
i'd like to see where you've been hiding all these weeks.
i thought about all sorts of things while i was digging that hole.
i could hear the sea sound, making me think how big the sea was and how small i was.
i took as much of mr. summer's money as i could carry, then buried the rest in the hole the fat made me dig for myself.
i had to get away in case people came looking for us after the fat never came back.
i can hear the sea sound and the bamboo, very loud.
and i can feel mr. summers close by... whispering to me in the dark.
he said i was to hang around while you got changed.
got a ton of jobs to do as well, before we go.
my mom met the fat at a time when she was very worried about the store.
business was bad, but then she gave the fat an important job there, and after that, things got a lot better again.
we used to go there about once a week and visit all the departments.
i'd say hello to everybody and they'd smile and say hello back.
i can assure you... that if your poor mother were here now, she would be on her knees.
on her knees, begging you to sign the store over to me.
after that, i wanted to sit down on the grass to rest, but i was afraid of the fat.
i was afraid he would send policemen to take me back.
so i just kept going on and on through the day.
then i walked and walked as fast as i could until the houses got fewer and there were more trees.
surely you've had that moment of indecision when some little live creature shows up in your headlight, but you drive over anyway and forget about it.
don't you scream blue murder every time the body of a bird hits the precious paintwork of your car?
i used to go in beside them somehow, and everything was big around me.
sometimes i got lost in there, but when i got frightened, i always came back to being me again, so i never cried.
we never did anything else like that, although mr. summers had plenty of plans and schemes.
the rest of the time, we walked up and down the narrow, twisty roads, burying the animals the cars had squashed.
mr. summers got crosser and crosser and took to drinking whiskey out of the bottle during the day.
he said awful things about the people in the cars, though i thought they looked quite ordinary.
we sat and smoked one cigarette after another while i told him what had happened on the beach with mr. whiteside.
i told him all that and went right back to the beginning and told him about my mother, and the store, and the fat.
then i told him about getting knocked down by a car in the high street when i was little, and not being well ever since.
i told him about the nurses and the tutors and never having to go to school.
but i feel bad about my mother because i know she didn't want it that way.
but if she knew i was living here, and i didn't need the store, or even the house or anything, then i think she might think it's all right to let it go.
you know, because what she wanted was me to be happy, and that's what i am here, with you.
in that case, you and i will go to london to see this man.
well, bobby has been living with me in cornwall since the beginning if the summer.
he has told me that he is happy and that he would like to stay on indefinitely.
he was worried once his whereabouts were known, then you might decide to come looking for him.
well, it was bothering him so much that i suggested to him that he come back on his own accord, and tell you exactly what his new circumstances are.
maybe i should let you and mr. summers play house after all.
i'd like to see where you've been hiding all these weeks.
i thought about all sorts of things while i was digging that hole.
i could hear the sea sound, making me think how big the sea was and how small i was.
i took as much of mr. summer's money as i could carry, then buried the rest in the hole the fat made me dig for myself.
i had to get away in case people came looking for us after the fat never came back.
i can hear the sea sound and the bamboo, very loud.
and i can feel mr. summers close by... whispering to me in the dark.
for as much as it has pleased almighty god, in his great mercy, to take unto himself the soul of our dear sister here departed, we therefore commit her body to the ground, earth to earth, ashes to ashes, dust to dust,
in the sure and certain hope of resurrection to eternal life, through our lord, jesus christ.
business was bad, but then she gave the fat an important job there, and after that, things got a lot better again.
we used to go there about once a week and visit all the departments.
it seems i've got your mother to thank for this nonsense... a sort of parting gesture.
you think these are something to do with the store, don't you?
i can assure you... that if your poor mother were here now, she would be on her knees.
on her knees, begging you to sign the store over to me.
after that, i wanted to sit down on the grass to rest, but i was afraid of the fat.
i was afraid he would send policemen to take me back.
so i just kept going on and on through the day.
then i walked and walked as fast as i could until the houses got fewer and there were more trees.
surely you've had that moment of indecision when some little live creature shows up in your headlight, but you drive over anyway and forget about it.
don't you scream blue murder every time the body of a bird hits the precious paintwork of your car?
if peter was here, these mice might have made him king or something.
i would like to hear more about that mouse of yours sometime.
i used to go in beside them somehow, and everything was big around me.
sometimes i got lost in there, but when i got frightened, i always came back to being me again, so i never cried.
thanks... thanks for everything, but i've always really wanted one of these knives.
hey, it's not a big town, but the shops are very good because of the holiday-makers and the tourists, you see.
the first day was the most exciting of all my days with mr. summers because of the attack on the lepidopterist's light.
we never did anything else like that, although mr. summers had plenty of plans and schemes.
mr. summers got crosser and crosser and took to drinking whiskey out of the bottle during the day.
he said awful things about the people in the cars, though i thought they looked quite ordinary.
we sat and smoked one cigarette after another while i told him what had happened on the beach with mr. whiteside.
i told him all that and went right back to the beginning and told him about my mother, and the store, and the fat.
then i told him about getting knocked down by a car in the high street when i was little, and not being well ever since.
i told him about the nurses and the tutors and never having to go to school.
but i feel bad about my mother because i know she didn't want it that way.
but if she knew i was living here, and i didn't need the store, or even the house or anything, then i think she might think it's all right to let it go.
you know, because what she wanted was me to be happy, and that's what i am here, with you.
in that case, you and i will go to london to see this man.
well, bobby has been living with me in cornwall since the beginning if the summer.
he has told me that he is happy and that he would like to stay on indefinitely.
he was worried once his whereabouts were known, then you might decide to come looking for him.
well, it was bothering him so much that i suggested to him that he come back on his own accord, and tell you exactly what his new circumstances are.
i thought about all sorts of things while i was digging that hole.
i could hear the sea sound, making me think how big the sea was and how small i was.
he said i was to hang around while you got changed.
got a ton of jobs to do as well, before we go.
my mom met the fat at a time when she was very worried about the store.
business was bad, but then she gave the fat an important job there, and after that, things got a lot better again.
we used to go there about once a week and visit all the departments.
i'd say hello to everybody and they'd smile and say hello back.
i can assure you... that if your poor mother were here now, she would be on her knees.
on her knees, begging you to sign the store over to me.
after that, i wanted to sit down on the grass to rest, but i was afraid of the fat.
i was afraid he would send policemen to take me back.
so i just kept going on and on through the day.
then i walked and walked as fast as i could until the houses got fewer and there were more trees.
surely you've had that moment of indecision when some little live creature shows up in your headlight, but you drive over anyway and forget about it.
don't you scream blue murder every time the body of a bird hits the precious paintwork of your car?
i used to go in beside them somehow, and everything was big around me.
sometimes i got lost in there, but when i got frightened, i always came back to being me again, so i never cried.
we never did anything else like that, although mr. summers had plenty of plans and schemes.
the rest of the time, we walked up and down the narrow, twisty roads, burying the animals the cars had squashed.
mr. summers got crosser and crosser and took to drinking whiskey out of the bottle during the day.
he said awful things about the people in the cars, though i thought they looked quite ordinary.
we sat and smoked one cigarette after another while i told him what had happened on the beach with mr. whiteside.
i told him all that and went right back to the beginning and told him about my mother, and the store, and the fat.
then i told him about getting knocked down by a car in the high street when i was little, and not being well ever since.
i told him about the nurses and the tutors and never having to go to school.
but i feel bad about my mother because i know she didn't want it that way.
but if she knew i was living here, and i didn't need the store, or even the house or anything, then i think she might think it's all right to let it go.
you know, because what she wanted was me to be happy, and that's what i am here, with you.
in that case, you and i will go to london to see this man.
well, bobby has been living with me in cornwall since the beginning if the summer.
he has told me that he is happy and that he would like to stay on indefinitely.
he was worried once his whereabouts were known, then you might decide to come looking for him.
well, it was bothering him so much that i suggested to him that he come back on his own accord, and tell you exactly what his new circumstances are.
maybe i should let you and mr. summers play house after all.
i'd like to see where you've been hiding all these weeks.
i thought about all sorts of things while i was digging that hole.
i could hear the sea sound, making me think how big the sea was and how small i was.
i took as much of mr. summer's money as i could carry, then buried the rest in the hole the fat made me dig for myself.
i had to get away in case people came looking for us after the fat never came back.
i can hear the sea sound and the bamboo, very loud.
and i can feel mr. summers close by... whispering to me in the dark.
just because she's the only woman in forbes 50... doesn't mean i can't satisfy her.
remember, jarod... they're paying for a fantasy, not paying for a man.
the truth is, uh, i've never, uh, done anything like this, uh-
um, now, do i, uh... make the check out to you personally?
i saved up and bought us tickets to paris... kind of like a second honeymoon.
howard couldn't take off time from work... so he cashed in the tickets and bought a big-screen tv.
between you and me, i don't think that boy got much love growing' up.
i think that's why he must've been so proud of the book.
first of all, to this work of art that some people call a building.
the sign may say sloan towers, but this entire project... was the dream of my right-hand man, frank linden.
but somewhere in the chilling blackness... she caught a glimpse of a light.
she remembered a time- the precocious little girl with a heart full of fire... a soul inflamed by passion... and a smile that could melt winter into spring.
if this place started falling down... you'd have six others to choose from.
they don't have what you have- a great education... rich parents, your own horses.
someone who believes that everyone deserves to have a home... even cindy morgan.
i changed my name, but i didn't hurt that little boy.
but now you're rich, and you have this image to maintain.
when i was a kid, i won scholarships to very expensive schools.
just because she's the only woman in forbes 50... doesn't mean i can't satisfy her.
remember, jarod... they're paying for a fantasy, not paying for a man.
the truth is, uh, i've never, uh, done anything like this, uh-
um, now, do i, uh... make the check out to you personally?
i saved up and bought us tickets to paris... kind of like a second honeymoon.
howard couldn't take off time from work... so he cashed in the tickets and bought a big-screen tv.
between you and me, i don't think that boy got much love growing' up.
i think that's why he must've been so proud of the book.
first of all, to this work of art that some people call a building.
the sign may say sloan towers, but this entire project... was the dream of my right-hand man, frank linden.
but somewhere in the chilling blackness... she caught a glimpse of a light.
she remembered a time- the precocious little girl with a heart full of fire... a soul inflamed by passion... and a smile that could melt winter into spring.
if this place started falling down... you'd have six others to choose from.
they don't have what you have- a great education... rich parents, your own horses.
someone who believes that everyone deserves to have a home... even cindy morgan.
i changed my name, but i didn't hurt that little boy.
but now you're rich, and you have this image to maintain.
when i was a kid, i won scholarships to very expensive schools.
well, for five thousand dollars a week, i expect you to blind me.
you will be on call until the ribbon cutting on saturday.
so you believe that the love is worth fighting for, and that's worth the pain and effort?
it's that what you're trying to say in the romance novel you left for miss parker?
but somewhere in the chilling blackness she caught a glims of light.
she remembered the time, the precautious of a little girl with a heart full of fire, a soul flamed by passion, and the smile that could melt the winter into spring.
but now you are rich and you have this image to maintain.
when i was a kid, i won scholarships in very expensive shools.
well, for five thousand dollars a week, i expect you to blind me.
you will be on call until the ribbon cutting on saturday.
so you believe that the love is worth fighting for, and that's worth the pain and effort?
it's that what you're trying to say in the romance novel you left for miss parker?
but somewhere in the chilling blackness she caught a glims of light.
she remembered the time, the precautious of a little girl with a heart full of fire, a soul flamed by passion, and the smile that could melt the winter into spring.
but now you are rich and you have this image to maintain.
when i was a kid, i won scholarships in very expensive shools.
well, for five thousand dollars a week, i expect you to blind me.
you will be on call until the ribbon cutting on saturday.
so you believe that the love is worth fighting for, and that's worth the pain and effort?
it's that what you're trying to say in the romance novel you left for miss parker?
but somewhere in the chilling blackness she caught a glims of light.
she remembered the time, the precautious of a little girl with a heart full of fire, a soul flamed by passion, and the smile that could melt the winter into spring.
but now you are rich and you have this image to maintain.
when i was a kid, i won scholarships in very expensive shools.
are you tense when you sense there's a storm in the air?
can you find your way blind when you're lost in the street?
you may think at first i'm as mad as a hatter
when i tell you a cat must have three different names
if you put me in a house i would much prefer a flat
if you put me in a flat then i'd rather have a house
if you set me on a mouse then i only want a rat
if you set me on a rat then i'd rather chase a mouse
now if you offer me fish then i always want a feast
and if there isn't any fish then i won't eat rabbit
and the pugs and the poms are the most people say
that they do not like fighting yet once in a way
there are dogs out of every nation the irish, the welsh and the dane
the russian, dutch and dalmatian and even from china and spain
are you tense when you sense there's a storm in the air?
can you find your way blind when you're lost in the street?
you may think at first i'm as mad as a hatter
when i tell you a cat must have three different names
if you put me in a house i would much prefer a flat
if you put me in a flat then i'd rather have a house
if you set me on a mouse then i only want a rat
if you set me on a rat then i'd rather chase a mouse
now if you offer me fish then i always want a feast
and if there isn't any fish then i won't eat rabbit
and the pugs and the poms are the most people say
that they do not like fighting yet once in a way
for he isn't the cat that he was in his prime
though his name was quite famous, he says, in his time
and i knew how to let the cat out of the bag
i knew how to act with my back and my tail
# yet he was in his youth quite the smartest of cats
# but no longer a terror to mice or to rats
# for he isn't the cat that he was in his prime
# though his name was quite famous, he says, in his time
# for he once was a star of the highest degree
# he has acted with irving he has acted with tree
# and i knew how to let the cat out of the bag
# i knew how to act with my back and my tail
# and they think they are smart just to jump through a hoop
# and he says as he scratches himself with his claws
# there was every sort of light you could make it dark or bright
# and a button you could turn to make a breeze
# and a funny little basin you're supposed to wash your face in
# and a crank to shut the window should you sneeze
# then the guard looked in politely and would ask you very brightly
# do you like your morning tea # weak or strong?
# in the watches of the night i was always fresh and bright
# every now and then i'd have a cup of tea
# you have seen it one moment but then it is gone
# but you find it next week laying out on the lawn
when you fall on your head do you land on your feet?
are you tense when you sense there's a storm in the air?
we can run up a wall we can swing through the trees
we can balance on bars we can walk on a wire
when i tell you a cat must have three different names
first of all there's the name that the family use daily
if you put me in a flat then i'd rather have a house
if you set me on a mouse then i only want a rat
and some of the time you would say it was luck
and some of the time you would say it was weather
there are dogs out of every nation the irish, the welsh and the dane
the russian, dutch and dalmatian and even from china and spain
you have seen it one moment but then it is gone
but you find it next week laying out on the lawn
# when you fall on your head do you land on your feet?
# are you tense when you sense there's a storm in the air?
# can you find your way blind when you're lost in the street?
# do you know how to go to the heaviside layer?
# we can run up a wall we can swing through the trees
# we can balance on bars we can walk on a wire
# there's a man over there with a look of surprise
# as much as to say well, now, how about that?
# when i tell you a cat must have three different names
# first of all there's the name that the family use daily
# if you put me in a flat then i'd rather have a house
# if you set me on a mouse then i only want a rat
# and if there isn't any fish then i won't eat rabbit
# if you offer me cream then i sniff and sneer
# and some of the time you would say it was luck
# and some of the time you would say it was weather
# and the pugs and the poms are the most people say
# that they do not like fighting yet once in a way
# and so all the pekes when they heard the uproar
# some came to the window some came to the door
# he looked to the sky and he gave a great leap
# and they every last one of them scattered like sheep
"the clever send up of the horror genre shows a profound understanding of the traditional hollywood fascinations and turns them upside down in an entirely refreshing and entertaining way.. "
".. writer and director, dawson leery, and producer, joey potter, have been allotted a budget of $2500 towards their next project. "
just tell me what i've got to do to get our friendship back on track here because this whole silent treatment thing is killing me.
- jack, i'm not giving you the silent treatment, it's just i'm trying to figure things out.
- yeah, but you've been avoiding me like i have some kind of disease.
- no, i've just had a lot on my mind lately.
i mean, einstein failed second grade and not because he was stupid but because he was bored.
and the incompetency of an inferior public school system failed to recognize it.
you know, they'd rather just dismiss someone who's in obvious need of some guidance, rather than reach out to him.
i mean, if someone along the way had just taken two seconds to notice, to care, they would have noticed that you need to be rescued not ridiculed.
i kind of feel like a weights been taken off, you know?
- if that's the way that you perceive yourself, then that's the way people are going to look at you.
with a side of baby carrots on a bed of spring lettuce which i highly recommend.
now, we have some other specials tonight which include some reddish-yellow stuff down there,
i'm pretty sure i could get us reservations.. say 8:00, at billy's.
you know, billy, that hot dog vendor guy down at the dwarf.
andie, but she talks about your brother like he's still alive.
- well, she has her good days and her bad days.
i'm not fighting to pretend that i'm having a good time.
- i'm not pretending' dawson i was havin' a good time!
- joey, you don't understand why that can't happen, if you don't get that, you don't get me!
- your mother and i have decided to spend some time apart.
- actually, i was going to see if you could give me a hand later.
i thought we could grab a bite to eat, spend some time, be like a friend thing.
dad, look, i don't know what exactly you expect from me, but this isn't exactly a transition that i'm thrilled to make.
and i don't see how you moving out is a step in the right direction.
- well, pacey, gradepoint average 1.7, currently failing biology, and us history, extracurricular interests, none, tendency to be disruptive in class, has difficulty with tests requiring a no.2 pencil, let's see here, career aptitude tests,
well i didn't realize it was possible to fail an aptitude test.
"..writer and director, dawson leery, and producer, joey potter, have been allotted a budget of $2500 towards their next project."
this is a check for $2500 to finance our next movie.
i'm really sorry, but i don't think i could do it.
i mean, i don't think i have the time right now.
- jack, i'm not giving you the silent treatment, it's just i'm trying to figure things out.
- yeah, but you've been avoiding me like i have some kind of disease.
- just because a student doesn't fit into some cookie-cutter mold that the public school system deems acceptable they're ready to write 'em off.
i mean, einstein failed second grade and not because he was stupid but because he was bored.
and the incompetency of an inferior public school system failed to recognize it.
you know, they'd rather just dismiss someone who's in obvious need of some guidance, rather than reach out to him.
but just because i'm finally enjoying myself, you don't have to treat me like i've been lost to the other side, okay?
and i'm not out of control, all i'm doing is having fun.
- if that's the way that you perceive yourself, then that's the way people are going to look at you.
if you act like a joke, people are going to treat you like one.
one of our specials tonight is a chateau bejou par two.
with a side of baby carrots on a bed of spring lettuce which i highly recommend.
now, we have some other specials tonight which include some reddish-yellow stuff down there,
and of course we have this green gelatin dessert with a highly suspicious nature.
andie, but she talks about your brother like he's still alive.
- well, she has her good days and her bad days.
- i'm sure i would be, too, if i let you slip through my fingers.
- i saw the look he gave you outside of my house tonight.
i would take my melancholy over this anyday because it's real.
i'm not fighting to pretend that i'm having a good time.
"the clever send up of the horror genre shows a profound understanding of the traditional hollywood fascinations and turns them upside down in an entirely refreshing and entertaining way.."
"..writer and director, dawson leery, and producer, joey potter, have been allotted a budget of $2500 towards their next project."
just tell me what i've got to do to get our friendship back on track here because this whole silent treatment thing is killing me.
- jack, i'm not giving you the silent treatment, it's just i'm trying to figure things out.
- yeah, but you've been avoiding me like i have some kind of disease.
- no, i've just had a lot on my mind lately.
i mean, einstein failed second grade and not because he was stupid but because he was bored.
and the incompetency of an inferior public school system failed to recognize it.
you know, they'd rather just dismiss someone who's in obvious need of some guidance, rather than reach out to him.
i mean, if someone along the way had just taken two seconds to notice, to care, they would have noticed that you need to be rescued not ridiculed.
i kind of feel like a weights been taken off, you know?
- if that's the way that you perceive yourself, then that's the way people are going to look at you.
with a side of baby carrots on a bed of spring lettuce which i highly recommend.
now, we have some other specials tonight which include some reddish-yellow stuff down there,
i'm pretty sure i could get us reservations..say 8:00, at billy's.
you know, billy, that hot dog vendor guy down at the dwarf.
it makes everybody else feel better but it makes me feel like hell.
well, maybe that's just because your only considering the outcomes, and not the intentions.
i know you have a peppy personality, but my god, andie!
on top of everything, you take care of your family and you still find time in the day to rescue a guy like me.
you know, i almost got hit by lightning once when i was a kid.
we were playing freeze tag in the park and i froze and crack!
i'm not fighting to pretend that i'm having a good time.
- i'm not pretending' dawson i was havin' a good time!
0nce their chicks have disentangled themselves from their shells, the first job of these brown pelicans here in florida, as it is with all bird parents, is to find food urgently.
few are in a greater hurry than the lapland bunting, for summer in the arctic is desperately short.
both parents labour tirelessly, and since it is light 24 hours a day at this time of the year, they do so non-stop.
as a consequence, the chicks grow at extraordinary speed, and only 12 days after hatching they will fledge.
nonetheless, these dippers, between them, bring a batch of food to their young every ten minutes.
gouldian finches in australia make their nests in holes in trees.
that, therefore, was the first to hatch and its chick the first to be fed.
so to begin with, there is a difference in size between the chicks.
but rosella parents are scrupulously fair, and they make quite sure that even the youngest gets its proper share of food.
even so, after ten days, the eldest is still the biggest.
but remarkably, it sometimes shares its food with the youngest and the smallest.
they are beginning to lose their down and proper feathers start showing through.
rosellas feed their chicks with a regurgitated porridge of chewed-up seeds.
great-crested grebes, on the other hand, offer their newly-hatched young much stranger meals.
when the chicks grow up, they will swallow their own feathers, but now their parents obligingly provide them.
and that's just as well considering the size of the fish that the youngsters are prepared to tackle early on in their young lives.
these open-billed storks, nesting in the sweltering heat of thailand, have also got young chicks.
0ne of their problems is keeping cool, and one of the ways of solving it, of course, is to take a nice cool shower.
during the hottest part of the day they are in desperate need of shade... and the parents provide it.
the storks, like many birds, are exemplary parents, tending to the appetite and the comfort of their offspring with care and devotion.
0ne of the adults uses particles of food to tempt a newly-hatched chick down from the nest and on to the water.
the little flotilla sets off under the care of both parents.
they have to be seen off, no matter how big they are.
then, nearly always on the third day, the parents begin to lose patience.
maybe the adults are testing them to see which are the strongest.
after a time, they concentrate their punishment on one, and to such a degree that it stops begging and so starves to death.
but unless there is a superabundance of food, the persecution goes on.
in the end, the coots will only raise two or three out of their brood of nine.
no matter how hard the parents work, they cannot bring enough food for all three.
the last to hatch was always smaller than the other two.
in case something terrible happens to one or two of the chicks, there's always a third left to carry on;
and partly because, very rarely, when the fishing is very good, it is possible to raise more than one chick.
so bringing up the young is a very demanding business indeed.
and in most birds it requires the full-time labour of both male and female.
the young cuckoo, blind and naked, now deals with the remaining warbler eggs.
two weeks later, the monstrous young cuckoo is so big that it can no longer fit inside the tiny nest.
its brilliantly-coloured gape, together with its call, that mimics the sound of a brood of warbler chicks, constitute a demand for food that the warblers find irresistible.
the european cuckoo's habit is so famous that we tend to think it is the only bird to behave in this way.
its true parents, cuckoo ducks, are far away from the nest where they dumped their egg.
their offspring will never see them, just as they never saw their parents.
the duckling cannot know that it is quite different from the baby gull which has now hatched out alongside it.
nonetheless, something tells it that it must not stay with this other nestling.
here in british columbia, there is no shortage of lakes, and their mother goes ahead and calls to them to join her.
this lake, however, has already been claimed - by another female goldeneye with her brood.
unlikely though it may seem, some ducks manage to live on these racing waters as well - torrent ducks.
these have made their nest in the rocks thirty feet above the water, high enough to be safe if the river were suddenly to rise.
the racing water might seem to pose even greater problems than the slippery rocks.
but the ducklings are so buoyant that they float on the surface, and are in no danger of drowning.
this pair built their nest within a few yards of a snowy owl's nest.
that was good sense, for ground-nesting birds here are likely to be attacked by foxes.
magpie geese live in northern australia, and the journey their goslings have to make in order to feed is also dangerous.
magpie males are very unusual in that normally they will mate with two females, who will both lay in the same nest.
the pair have made it, but only two of their five young have survived.
the trio has succeded in bringing down four or five chicks.
a chick is such a good meal that the egrets will even risk stabs from the beak of a parent to get one.
further into the colony, the chicks are surrounded by a great crowd of adults, and are very much safer.
even a few yards from the edge, the egrets face such determined and effective opposition from all directions that they stand little chance of success.
chicks that have the luck to hatch in the very centre are five times more likely to survive than those on the edge.
and there's another way for a bird to protect its chicks.
rear them in a place so remote that few other creatures can get there to threaten them - a place like the australian desert.
now the youngsters have gathered in groups several hundred strong, with only just a few males left behind to keep an eye on them.
the job is not too difficult, for the salty waters are full of tiny shrimps that the young stilts can collect for themselves.
for other birds, however, finding food is so difficult that even two parents can't feed their chicks unaided.
farther south in australia, in the eucalyptus woodland, white-winged choughs have that problem.
their young feed on beetle grubs, and those are so difficult to excavate that a pair will need at least two adult helpers to keep one chick fully fed.
and the more helpers they have, the more chicks they can raise.
next year, the support team will be so big that they may be able to raise three or even four chicks.
so having difficulties in raising baby can lead to sociability among adults.
they also share the responsibilities for defence, taking it in turn to act as sentry.
when another sentry comes on duty, it brings a morsel of food as part of the hand-over ritual
they also discomfort the snake and perhaps distract it from hunting.
it may also be that some of them, by deliberately taunting the snake at close quarters, are demonstrating their strength and fitness in a way that will give them respect and seniority within the group.
many young birds are abandoned by their parents almost as soon as they are capable of flight, so they have little chance to play and gain the skills they will need as adults.
but the babblers form such a coherent group that the juveniles can spend time doing just that.
for the young anhingha in florida, learning through play is essential
if it doesn't become a skilled juggler quickly, it will starve.
gannets also fish by diving, and that is a skill that can't be practiced by the young until they can fly.
the parents deal with this problem by feeding their young so generously that, by the time they've fledged into their dark immature plumage, they've accumulated reserves of fat that will sustain them while they are learning to catch fish for themselves.
but in spite of the seals, many young gannets do manage to get into the air.
flight for young birds is the essential skill, and the penalties of failure can be fatal, so birds do all they can to prepare for it.
the young open-bill storks, now fully grown, are strengthening their flight muscles with regular exercises.
a young hummingbird cautiously practices hovering while still in the nest, even though that makes life somewhat difficult for its sibling.
0n the tundra, the snowy owl chick, still semi-clothed in down, has got plenty of room for practice.
and the surviving brown pelican at last leaves its platform nest.
as a chick, it fought battles with its brothers and sisters and won.
for nine or ten weeks, it was devotedly fed and protected by its parents, but now it's on its own.
if it in its turn is to raise young, it has many more battles ahead of it out there on the sea and in the air.
life for all birds everywhere can be hard, but some species have become specially adapted to the harshest environments on earth.
fieldfares are industriously ferrying meals of worms to their ravenous chicks.
they nest in colonies, up to thirty or forty in a group, and that helps a lot with defence, which is important, for there are plenty of raiders around.
the colony is saved, thanks to its members' highly effective system of communication, between themselves and with their enemy.
the messages proclaimed by those scandinavian fieldfares could scarcely be misunderstood, even by us.
half hidden among the leaves, he continues sending furtive signals to his family, but all the birds around get the message.
an enemy would find it very hard to detect where that sound is coming from.
his calls are almost continuous and much lower pitched, because he wants to be located, so that he can distract me away from her, and even unsettle me.
sound is not the only way to spread the alarm or intimidate an intruder.
even less conspicuous than the jacanas and the cayman that also haunt the river's edge here in venezuela.
the river is continually bringing edible bits and pieces within range, and the sunbittern lives on them.
instead of saying "i am here and extremely formidable", you could say "i'm not here at all".
that, of course, is a straightforward lie, but there's a bird in these brazilian forests that tells the most convincing of lies.
the only thing that could give it away are its beak and its eyes.
now i am getting quite close, so it decides to improve its disguise even further.
and it does that by changing its posture and closing those give-away eyes.
now it's no more than the stump of a broken branch.
you might think it would be dangerous to shut your eyes just when danger approaches.
but, in fact, although its eyes are shut, it can still see me.
there are two little hitches in its upper eyelid, and its night-vision eyes are so sensitive that it can still see what's going on.
as it watches me going away, it relaxes and returns to its doze.
and then you can see that they use their plumage to send very different messages.
0ne finch meeting another needs to know whether or not it's the same species.
so finches with such similar body shapes wear uniforms that make plain who they are.
and what works for other birds will also work with us, provided we know the code.
with its beak, it squeezes a yellow oil from a giant preen gland on its rump.
and it uses that oil to paint on those yellow blotches.
whether these cosmetics are used just for appearance's sake, or whether they have an additional purpose, we don't know.
but one thing is quite certain - birds take a lot of care over their appearance.
all birds have good eyesight, a necessity if they are to navigate at speed through the air.
in particular, they have excellent colour vision, and that enables some species to have the most gorgeous uniforms.
their colour is not pigment but an optical effect created by refraction, like the colours on a film of oil on water.
they are particularly attracted by red, which is why i have got red artificial flowers on this bottle.
they can also see in ultraviolet, a colour that lies beyond the range of the human eye.
it's recently been discovered that many of their feathers reflect ultraviolet, so the likelihood is that these brilliant costumes are even more vivid in their eyes than they are in ours.
many birds that we might think are plain are almost gaudy in ultraviolet light.
if we look closely at starlings, we can se a sheen to their plumage, but that has an ultraviolet component that makes them appear much more vivid to one another.
their crests are particularly vivid and much brighter in males than females.
so to them, the sexes look very different, whereas to us blue tits all look the same.
rivals assess one another's strength by the size and brilliance of those head shields.
if they feel their ranks are equal, then they may not want to contest the position of the boundary, and they display the white tail patches to indicate that the confrontation is being broken off.
but here, the male on the right is standing boldly upright.
he reckons he is the senior, and he wants to enlarge his territory.
there are, of course, many different ways of making a noise, and knocking on a resonant tree trunk is one of them.
in this part of the world, in patagonia on the southernmost tip of south america, two knocks on a tree trunk has a very particular meaning, at least among birds.
it makes its call in the same way as children do when they blow across a blade of grass.
but instead of grass, the broadbill has specially strengthened and shaped wing feathers.
but, of course, most of the sounds made by birds come from their throats.
the calls and songs that you hear in a tropical rainforest, however, are very different from those you might hear in a european or north american woodland, and there's a reason for that.
the leaves in a tropical rainforest have smooth and shiny surfaces that reflect sound.
so a complex call up here would have its notes slurred and confused.
the calls of the kagu can be heard half a mile away.
but some birds need to communicate over even greater distances, and the best way to do that is with very low-pitched notes.
this call carries for over two miles, even through the thickets of reeds.
and when the performance is over, the air sac slowly deflates.
if you can get out of the reeds, then your calls are less impeded.
the australian musk duck does just that in order to broadcast his messages.
and the smooth surface of the water also helps to reflect the sound far across the lake.
the flap on his chin is a visual signal for any birds that come over for a closer look.
however, if calls are directed to neighbours nearby, then they can become very elaborate.
this red bishop makes an almost constant stream of high-pitched notes as he hops around his territory.
slowing the singer down, which also lowers the pitch of the notes, allows us to understand what's happening.
between the notes it takes mini-breaths to replenish its air supply, and in full song it may do so 30 times a second.
a bird's voice box can also produce two different notes simultaneously.
it's not high in the throat like ours, but deep in its chest.
it may take a cowbird two years to learn his song properly.
and it's important that birds should get their calls exactly right, for they can be just as significant in proclaiming identity as their uniforms.
there's no mistaking who's who, as long as you can hear their calls.
but a bird's call can tell another bird more than just what kind of bird it is that's singing.
this patch of bush on a small new zealand island belongs to a male saddleback.
he has held it throughout the year, and he knows who his neighbours are because their calls vary slightly.
throughout the day he keeps in regular contact with his neighbours.
they each answer his call, and he can distinguish between them in the same way that we can distinguish between regional dialects.
but if the call is from a saddleback, one that he doesn't recognise, and if, as well as that, it comes from a completely new place, then he will react in a very different way.
and, of course, it's quite easy for me to make that happen.
now, since his rival seems to be close by, he's making a visual threat, displaying the brown patch on his back.
he is ready to fight, if only he could find who it is who needs fighting.
to may of us, however, this is the most delectable of natural sounds.
it's an hour before dawn, it's spring, this is an english woodland.
it's usually quite calm at dawn, and with no wind these messages will travel far and still be recognisable.
the chorus is the equivalent of our early morning news, except that it is broadcast in fifty languages.
he may sing his song over 500,000 times in a season.
by late spring, migrants have arrived from southern europe and africa, and are adding their voices to the chorus.
the male sedge warbler can produce fifty different notes and never sings the same song twice.
he's like a jazz singer, continually improvising, and different males develop different singing styles.
he may have three hundred different love songs in his repertoire.
and he will sing for a mate all through the night.
what bird has the most elaborate, the most complex, the most beautiful song in the world?
i guess there are lots of contenders, but this bird must be one of them, the superb lyrebird of southern australia.
he clears a space in the forest to serve as his concert platform.
to persuade females to come close and admire his plumes, he sings the most complex song he can.
that wonderful performance is only one example of the extent to which male birds will go in order to attract a female.
the range and sheer extravagance of their courtship displays can be quite astonishing.
the range of relationships between male and female that these displays lead to is also much more varied than you might suppose.
and it's that, the most crucial stage in the life of any bird, that we'll be looking at in the next programme.
this is a parrot, a kea, but not the sort of parrot that is content just with fruit and nuts.
its beak can certainly cope with such things, but it can also give a bite that kills.
if they want the chick, they will have to dig for it.
keas became meat-eaters relatively recently and have no special adaptations to help them find their victims.
its hearing is many times more sensitive than the kea's, and ten times better than ours.
the feathered discs on either side of its face act like ear-trumpets.
the great grey owl's hearing enables it to hunt the year round, even through the arctic winter, when it's dark for weeks on end.
elsewhere, other owls locate their prey with a different sense: vision.
the bigger an eye, the more light it gathers, so the better it functions at very low light levels.
these eyes are so big that they can't even revolve in their sockets.
the great majority of a buzzard's attacks are failures but the energy spent on an attempt such as this was not great and the wind carries it back aloft.
the kestrel, little more than half the size of the buzzard.
so the blue of the sea around the cornish coast appears much more intense to a kestrel than it does to us.
for a long time, no one could understand how, or indeed if, that might help it to hunt.
they repeatedly mark their tracks with urine, and urine, in ultraviolet light, is very conspicuous.
so with ultraviolet vision, the kestrel can see the signposts that the voles can only smell.
their eyes are so acute they can keep watch over the plains from more than 1,000 feet up.
the warm columns of air rising from the baking ground and captured by their broad wings carries them up with very little expenditure of energy on their part and supports them there.
as more birds glide down, their descent is noticed from miles away in all directions.
and as each bird reacts, the news that a kill has been discovered spreads across the network of watchers in the sky.
it was the sharpness of their vision that brought them here.
but there's one bird that, exceptionally, has en extremely acute sense of smell.
here in the rainforest of trinidad there's an almost unbroken ceiling of leaves above me.
no bird flying in the sky above could see a piece of meat like this lying on the forest floor.
and already, it's less than three-quarters of an hour ago, they're beginning to assemble.
it seems almost unbelievable that the smell from that small piece of meat could have drifted up through the forest canopy and so permeate the air that it can be detected half a mile away.
their beaks are quite adequate for tearing off strips of flesh, and vultures, after all, do not kill the animals that they eat.
but those that do have to have much more powerful weapons.
this bird is huge, over three feet long, and it can kill prey over four times its own weight.
it hunts over the canopy of the east african forest and seeks particularly monkeys.
vervet monkeys seldom expose themselves by venturing into the very highest branches, so hunting them is not easy.
the eagle has relatively short wings for its great size, which helps if it has to plunge through the canopy.
its mate joins it, and together they return to their nest.
the chick is only a few days old, too young to tear apart the prey for itself.
it has a lot of growing to do and a huge appetite.
the adults will have to feed it for four months before it is ready to fly from the nest, and nine months after that before it is strong enough to hunt for itself.
this one, a sea eagle, is patrolling a forest-covered coast in malaysia along which it fishes every day.
those that live in the air have to fight in the air.
lake bogoria in the african rift valley, a soda lake fed by hot volcanic springs.
at first sight, a ferociously inhospitable place, and indeed it is, for most creatures.
the food chain that sustains a meat-eater could scarcely be shorter than it is here.
microscopic plants, algae, that can uniquely tolerate these salty waters proliferate in the sunshine by the ton.
so it can only eat a flamingo in the shallows or on the shore.
this concentration of prey is so dense that pairs of fish eagles have been able to establish themselves every mile or so around the margins of the lake.
but even this number of hunters has little effect on the size of the flamingo population.
fish eagles normally snatch fish from the surface of the water, they don't usually tackle a bird on the wing, but there is no need to do so here.
the big ones are too big and strong for a hawk.
the small ones can scuttle away and get safety in one of the cracks.
hawks all over the island keep watch beside the few beaches.
by the time the iguana has finished digging and laying, she must be tired, so the hawk then has its best chance.
it can't catch an iguana once it has reached its burrow, even though it might still be able to see it.
but some hawks are especially equipped for snatching their prey from deep within holes.
this lizard, however, has been caught by a shrike, a much smaller bird and too small to swallow such prey, but neither its beak nor its claws are powerful enough to tear its victim's body apart.
the acacias of africa provide all the hooks and spikes that such a bird could need for butchery.
prey as small as beetles and as big as stoats are treated this way.
some of the larger animals are left on their skewers, like hung game, so that decay loosens their flesh.
the lammergeier actually eats bones, but breaking up a large skeleton is an even bigger problem.
a lammergeier, hefty though it is, has not got the beak or claws to do that job.
it can swallow even the sharpest fragment, for its digestive juices are so powerfully acid that bone dissolves very rapidly.
the greatest prize is the marrow and to get that, the big bones have to be well and truly split and that takes perseverance.
a lammergeier may have to drop a bone up to 50 times before it hits rock at just the right angle to split it.
the bodies of other animals provide such rich food that a bird doesn't need to eat a lot of it.
but getting it nonetheless demands not only skill but often a great deal of effort.
an english wood is full of such food, but the dense cover makes things difficult.
it has flown it often enough before, sometimes two or three times a day.
its short rounded wings and long tail enable it to fly at speed through really narrow gaps.
five weeks must pass before the chicks are fully fledged and ready for their first flight.
they start with somewhat experimental outings, getting used to the feel of the air in their wings.
the high-speed aerial pounce, the peregrine's speciality, takes a lot of learning.
you have to be able, in mid-air, to throw your legs forwards with talons outstretched.
an adult joining the youngsters carrying in its talons a pigeon, wounded but still alive.
and the youngster takes it to make its very first kill.
in a month it will become the swiftest of all the world's hunters.
but only about a third of the earth is covered by land.
the rest is covered by water, of one kind or another.
there's plenty of food there, too, but you have to learn very different techniques if you're going to go fishing, as we will see in the next programme in the life 0f birds.
feeding on the wing, swooping down picking up fragments of food from the surface of the sea, even sleeping on the wing.
but there is one thing that compels them to come down to earth.
in places like this island in the seychelles, where there are no land predators to steal eggs, it's safe for the sooty terns to put those eggs directly on the ground.
the birds sit as close to one another as they can without getting within the range of their neighbours' beaks, so they are equally spaced with almost mathematical precision.
0ther kinds of terns have other ideas about where to put their eggs.
the fairy tern, for some reason, always puts them on a bare branch, though whether that is safer or more dangerous is debatable.
the dimple left when a branch breaks away is not bad either.
but it seems a bit reckless to rely on a little dead twig like this, particularly when the trade winds blow as strongly as they do in the seychelles.
yolk is provided by a female bird to nourish her chick as it develops inside the egg.
but it is equally good food for lots of other animals, so eggs are much sought after, and birds may have to go to great lengths to keep them safe.
they stick a few feathers on the underside of one of its dangling dead leaves, using their spittle as glue.
to make sure that the egg stays in this flimsy hammock of feathers, they stick that to the leaf as well.
changing places to take over incubation is a tricky operation when your nest is stuck to a vertical surface.
the power of flight enables birds to put their nests in places that are beyond the reach of land-bound creatures.
and there can be few more inaccessible spots than the rocks behind a great waterfall, like this one at iguacu in south america, where argentina and brazil meet.
swifts, once again, exploit their mastery of flight to go where no other bird can go.
great dusky swifts roost for the night on the mist-drenched rocks alongside the falls.
but this is not a safe enough place for their precious eggs.
theywill be deposited actually behind the curtain of water and to do that the birds must find the thinnest part of it.
behind the curtain, they still have an awkward climb before they reach a place where it is possible to put an egg.
and this is it, a perpetually dripping ledge, just wide enough to accommodate a little muddy nest.
many birds choose cliffs for their nest sites even when they are not screened by water.
they're parrots and they are nesting on the coast of argentina.
the powerful hooked beak that all parrots have and use for cracking nuts and gouging fruit is also an excellent excavating tool
they use their claws rather than their delicate beaks and they can only tackle sandstone if it is soft and friable.
but what they lack in equipment they make up for with energy.
woodpeckers, of course, are expert carpenters and regularly chisel their nestholds in trees.
but this one is digging into softer material, an ants' nest.
the ants are furious, but they quickly get used to their lodger sitting in the middle of their mansion, and then they act as her guardians, attacking any intruder that tries to steal her eggs.
you might think that a hornbill would have the most powerful excavation tool of all, but in fact its huge beak is a relatively delicate structure and no use at all as a chisel
so hornbills have to find holes that are either natural or have been dug by others.
a pair do their househunting together and they are very choosy.
having no hands, but just a beak and at best one foot, seems bad enough, but these frigates on the galapagos have got an additional problem.
their feet are so short and their wings are so wide that they find it difficult to land, so they much prefer to collect their building material on the wing.
so for boobies, getting building material from its source to the building site is the most difficult part of the whole business.
stolen goods, it's true, but all the more precious for that.
ducks and geese line their nests with feathers they pluck from their own breasts.
0ther birds are not so self-sacrificing and prefer to use those that they find blowing about.
even when you have got it you may not get away with it.
tackling a bird without the feather is all within the rules of this particular game.
the golden-headed cisticola, a kind of australian warbler, collects fibres and spiders' webs, not just for lining, but for stitching.
there is no more skilled a tailor in the whole of the bird world.
there's little problem about concealing this nest for the leaves she stitches together remain alive and green.
when she has finished, you will barely notice that they are bent together in a slightly unusual way.
the problem is greater when a nest sits on the bare branches of a tree.
the sitella, an australian equivalent of the nuthatch, constructs its nest from spiders' webs and insect cocoons, and then covers the outside with rather coarser material
they use lichen to cover the nest in the lichen tree, and bark on the one in the flaky bark tree.
as a result, each is as well camouflaged as anyone could hope, and though both nests are plain for all to see, they are not easily recognised for what they are.
a pair with their grown-up young from previous seasons work together.
it used to be believed that there was always a dozen in the team which is why they are called apostle birds.
everyone seems anxious to contribute, and the team works so industriously and so harmoniously that their elegant cup is usually completed in a mere three days.
a bird's beak, it seems, can serve just as well as a plasterer's trowel, as a tailor's needle.
some birds build nests not just as cradles for their eggs and chicks, but as lodging houses for the whole year.
here in namibia in southern africa lives the sociable weaver, and very sociable it is, too.
it is so heavy that part of it has broken the branch that supported it and fallen to the ground.
and it's been built and maintained as a communal effort by all the inhabitants.
it just pushes straws, one by one, into this gigantic bale.
a large communal apartment block has a considerable advantage over small isolated nests when you live in a desert like this.
during the day it gets ferociously hot, but that thick roof of thatch keeps the apartments beneath nice and cool
as the sun sets, the weavers, having been away feeding, come back to their homes.
at night, it can get very cold in the desert, as much as 7 or 8 degrees below freezing.
and then the thatch is probably at its most valuable, because it acts as insulation for the nest chambers, so that they retain much of the heat that they had during the day, and the birds that roost inside remain snug and warm.
each egg, emerging from one as a microscopic cell, is planted on a growing globule of yolk which will provide it with food.
it is fertilised by one of the sperm that has been lying awaiting it in the duct.
eventually, it reaches a section in the duct where there are glands that produce lime.
here it lingers for 24 hours while the shell is added.
they too are laid directly on the ground and are practically invisible;
as indeed the bird that laid them will be once she settles down.
her egg is gigantic, the biggest laid by any bird, and a quarter of her total body weight.
it contains so much yolk that the chick will be fully developed when eventually it breaks out of its shell.
few eggs are totally safe from hungry raiders, no matter how skilfully protected and artfully concealed they are.
those lying in the bottom of these dangling nests of caciques in south america are certainly difficult to reach.
few eggs are safe from currawongs and the australian birds, like birds everywhere, have developed many different strategies to try and foil burglars.
this is the nest of a yellow-rumped thornbill, but in fact this neat little cup is empty.
you might think therefore, that it has been robbed of its eggs.
but in fact this part of the nest has never had any eggs in it.
you might never notice it, until you watch the parent return.
the cup at the top is a dummy, and it seems that many currawongs have not yet discovered the fact.
this wren in costa rica has another way of protecting its eggs.
its nest is pretty obvious... ..and equally obvious is another one close by, a wasps' nest.
the wren nearly always builds within a yard or so of these formidable insects.
it is a brave thief that risks being attacked by these.
so plovers, like plovers everywhere, lay their eggs on the ground and trust their camouflage.
but if a stranger wanders too near it, one of the adults immediately responds.
either way it looks like an easy meal and i might follow it and be led away from the nest.
and now she has taken me so far from her eggs that she can abandon her play-acting.
she has to go back to prevent her eggs getting chilled and the young within from dying of cold.
keeping eggs warm, indeed, is a continuing problem for most nesting birds.
this naked brood patch on her belly will enable her to do just that.
her mate is away hunting for lemmings, not only for himself, but for her.
here some birds trick others into looking after at least some of their eggs.
this female canvasback duck is sitting contentedly, incubating and minding her own business.
0ut on the water, another female canvasback is mating with a drake.
the mated female has not yet built a nest of her own, so she makes her way to the one who has.
distributing eggs between several nests, as both canvasbacks and redheads do, is like taking out an insurance policy.
and there are plenty of hazards on the lakes against which a duck needs to insure, if she possibly can.
this clutch is finished, but there is still a chance that one or two of this female's eggs laid elsewhere will survive.
there really is sense in not putting all your eggs in one basket.
but the cuckoo is having a lot of trouble getting in.
in the past, cuckoo eggs have been frequently found in the nests of these weavers.
the colours of their eggs are extraordinarily variable, ranging from pure white to blue and speckled.
but any one cuckoo can only lay one kind of egg.
now i happen to know that this nest contains speckled eggs.
let's see what happens if i put a pale egg in it.
the battle between cuckoos and other birds is a continuing one.
the cuckoos developing new stratagems and perhaps finding new victims, and the victims finding new defences.
whichever they are, the young chicks will be faced with a whole set of problems that they have to solve if they are to grow into adults.
and the ingenious and sometimes touching way in which that is done is what we will be looking at in the next programme in the life of birds.
the messages proclaimed by those scandinavian fieldfares could scarcely be misunderstood, even by us.
the first were calls to arms, the second were battle cries designed to intimidate the enemy.
i'm too near this blackbird's mate who's sitting on her nest.
his calls are almost continuous and much lower pitched, because he wants to be located, so that he can distract me away from her, and even unsettle me.
it hunts for insects at night, so, like any other nightworker, it needs to rest during the day, and it relies on the visual match between its feathers and the tree trunk to protect it.
the only thing that could give it away are its beak and its eyes.
now i am getting quite close, so it decides to improve its disguise even further.
and it does that by changing its posture and closing those give-away eyes.
now it's no more than the stump of a broken branch.
you might think it would be dangerous to shut your eyes just when danger approaches.
but, in fact, although its eyes are shut, it can still see me.
there are two little hitches in its upper eyelid, and its night-vision eyes are so sensitive that it can still see what's going on.
as it watches me going away, it relaxes and returns to its doze.
most birds, of course, rely on their ability to fly to keep them out of trouble, and so, as you walk through an english wood, they too vanish.
0ne finch meeting another needs to know whether or not it's the same species.
if it is, it could be a rival, either for a mate or for territory.
it adds yellow patches to its neck as well, though they are more difficult to put on.
even its huge bill owes its yellow colour to the preen oil
but one thing is quite certain - birds take a lot of care over their appearance.
all birds have good eyesight, a necessity if they are to navigate at speed through the air.
in particular, they have excellent colour vision, and that enables some species to have the most gorgeous uniforms.
i can attract some of the most spectacular using this bottle of artificial nectar.
they are particularly attracted by red, which is why i have got red artificial flowers on this bottle.
they can also see in ultraviolet, a colour that lies beyond the range of the human eye.
it's recently been discovered that many of their feathers reflect ultraviolet, so the likelihood is that these brilliant costumes are even more vivid in their eyes than they are in ours.
many birds that we might think are plain are almost gaudy in ultraviolet light.
if we look closely at starlings, we can se a sheen to their plumage, but that has an ultraviolet component that makes them appear much more vivid to one another.
blue tits, in our eyes, are one of the more colourful of our garden birds.
so to them, the sexes look very different, whereas to us blue tits all look the same.
we would all, i imagine, think that budgerigars are unusually colourful birds.
the more vigorous birds have bigger bibs and therefore higher ranks.
sparrows forage in flocks, and when there's lots of food in a small area, you might expect lots of quarrels, but there aren't.
their badges are the red beak and head shield and the white patches on either side of the tail
rivals assess one another's strength by the size and brilliance of those head shields.
if they feel their ranks are equal, then they may not want to contest the position of the boundary, and they display the white tail patches to indicate that the confrontation is being broken off.
but here, the male on the right is standing boldly upright.
so if a bird, in order to get enough food, needs a very large territory, it is likely to declare its territorial claims with sound.
there are, of course, many different ways of making a noise, and knocking on a resonant tree trunk is one of them.
he is now on my tree, and his mate is even closer.
i have stopped knocking, so it seems to them that their rival has disappeared.
and that noise too is made mechanically, by an african broadbill.
it makes its call in the same way as children do when they blow across a blade of grass.
but instead of grass, the broadbill has specially strengthened and shaped wing feathers.
but, of course, most of the sounds made by birds come from their throats.
the calls and songs that you hear in a tropical rainforest, however, are very different from those you might hear in a european or north american woodland, and there's a reason for that.
the leaves in a tropical rainforest have smooth and shiny surfaces that reflect sound.
so a complex call up here would have its notes slurred and confused.
as a result, birds that live up here tend to have calls that are simple, short, and often very, very loud.
an air sac in his chest acts as a resonator, so he starts by gulping in air and pumping it up.
this call carries for over two miles, even through the thickets of reeds.
and when the performance is over, the air sac slowly deflates.
if you can get out of the reeds, then your calls are less impeded.
the australian musk duck does just that in order to broadcast his messages.
and the smooth surface of the water also helps to reflect the sound far across the lake.
the flap on his chin is a visual signal for any birds that come over for a closer look.
however, if calls are directed to neighbours nearby, then they can become very elaborate.
how, for example, can canaries sing continuously for minutes on end?
slowing the singer down, which also lowers the pitch of the notes, allows us to understand what's happening.
between the notes it takes mini-breaths to replenish its air supply, and in full song it may do so 30 times a second.
a bird's voice box can also produce two different notes simultaneously.
some of them are so high that they are beyond the hearing of many of us.
0ne again, if we slow the action down, we can hear what's going on.
0thers are made by combining the sounds higher up in the throat.
it may take a cowbird two years to learn his song properly.
and it's important that birds should get their calls exactly right, for they can be just as significant in proclaiming identity as their uniforms.
indeed, if a bird has a shy and retiring disposition, and lives in a secluded place like this english woodland, then its voice may be the only way that it can be recognised by another bird, or indeed by a bird-watcher.
but a bird's call can tell another bird more than just what kind of bird it is that's singing.
this patch of bush on a small new zealand island belongs to a male saddleback.
if the right call comes from the right place, then he knows that his territory is safe, and he can happily go back to feeding.
but if the call is from a saddleback, one that he doesn't recognise, and if, as well as that, it comes from a completely new place, then he will react in a very different way.
and, of course, it's quite easy for me to make that happen.
i'm going to play him a recording of a saddleback from a different island.
the chorus is the equivalent of our early morning news, except that it is broadcast in fifty languages.
by listening to it, this wren knows which of its neighbours is still alive.
these spring-time messages from male birds not only say "this is my patch", they also say to passing females "why don't you come and join me?"
robins have now extended their usual songs to carry this additional message.
his mate, like many, will be impressed by the originality and complexity of his song.
the male sedge warbler can produce fifty different notes and never sings the same song twice.
he's like a jazz singer, continually improvising, and different males develop different singing styles.
and this is perhaps the most lyrical of all european songsters.
and he will sing for a mate all through the night.
what bird has the most elaborate, the most complex, the most beautiful song in the world?
i guess there are lots of contenders, but this bird must be one of them, the superb lyrebird of southern australia.
he clears a space in the forest to serve as his concert platform.
to persuade females to come close and admire his plumes, he sings the most complex song he can.
and he does that by copying the songs of all the other birds he hears around him, such as the kookaburra.
he can imitate the calls of at least twenty different species.
he also, in his attempt to out-sing his rivals, incorporates others sounds in the forest.
and now the sounds of foresters and their chain-saws working nearby.
that wonderful performance is only one example of the extent to which male birds will go in order to attract a female.
the range and sheer extravagance of their courtship displays can be quite astonishing.
the range of relationships between male and female that these displays lead to is also much more varied than you might suppose.
every one of them has spent the first three or four years of its life flying non-stop.
feeding on the wing, swooping down picking up fragments of food from the surface of the sea, even sleeping on the wing.
flying with an egg inside the body, let alone a clutch of three or four, makes huge demands on the energy of a bird.
so every female bird in existence gets rid of that huge load just as soon as she can.
the birds sit as close to one another as they can without getting within the range of their neighbours' beaks, so they are equally spaced with almost mathematical precision.
0ther kinds of terns have other ideas about where to put their eggs.
but it seems a bit reckless to rely on a little dead twig like this, particularly when the trade winds blow as strongly as they do in the seychelles.
the fact is that fairy terns' eggs are easily dislodged if left unguarded.
and that has solved the problem of how to crack it.
yolk is provided by a female bird to nourish her chick as it develops inside the egg.
the nests of palm swifts are minimal, but they put them in fairly inaccessible places, such as an isolated palm tree.
they stick a few feathers on the underside of one of its dangling dead leaves, using their spittle as glue.
to make sure that the egg stays in this flimsy hammock of feathers, they stick that to the leaf as well.
changing places to take over incubation is a tricky operation when your nest is stuck to a vertical surface.
the power of flight enables birds to put their nests in places that are beyond the reach of land-bound creatures.
and there can be few more inaccessible spots than the rocks behind a great waterfall, like this one at iguacu in south america, where argentina and brazil meet.
swifts, once again, exploit their mastery of flight to go where no other bird can go.
great dusky swifts roost for the night on the mist-drenched rocks alongside the falls.
but this is not a safe enough place for their precious eggs.
theywill be deposited actually behind the curtain of water and to do that the birds must find the thinnest part of it.
behind the curtain, they still have an awkward climb before they reach a place where it is possible to put an egg.
and this is it, a perpetually dripping ledge, just wide enough to accommodate a little muddy nest.
but what they lack in equipment they make up for with energy.
woodpeckers, of course, are expert carpenters and regularly chisel their nestholds in trees.
but this one is digging into softer material, an ants' nest.
the ants are furious, but they quickly get used to their lodger sitting in the middle of their mansion, and then they act as her guardians, attacking any intruder that tries to steal her eggs.
you might think that a hornbill would have the most powerful excavation tool of all, but in fact its huge beak is a relatively delicate structure and no use at all as a chisel
so hornbills have to find holes that are either natural or have been dug by others.
with beaks over a foot long, these great indian hornbills have to have a pretty big hole.
but they like the entrance to be as small as possible to deter intruders.
she seals herself in, narrowing the entrance with a plaster made of chewed wood, mashed food and her own droppings.
this will be her home, you could say her prison, for the next four months.
their feet are so short and their wings are so wide that they find it difficult to land, so they much prefer to collect their building material on the wing.
boobies can settle and break off the branches they need for their nests.
0nce they start to develop, they also have to be kept warm and there is no better insulation than feathers.
ducks and geese line their nests with feathers they pluck from their own breasts.
tackling a bird without the feather is all within the rules of this particular game.
the golden-headed cisticola, a kind of australian warbler, collects fibres and spiders' webs, not just for lining, but for stitching.
there is no more skilled a tailor in the whole of the bird world.
there's little problem about concealing this nest for the leaves she stitches together remain alive and green.
when she has finished, you will barely notice that they are bent together in a slightly unusual way.
the problem is greater when a nest sits on the bare branches of a tree.
it used to be believed that there was always a dozen in the team which is why they are called apostle birds.
everyone seems anxious to contribute, and the team works so industriously and so harmoniously that their elegant cup is usually completed in a mere three days.
a bird's beak, it seems, can serve just as well as a plasterer's trowel, as a tailor's needle.
some birds build nests not just as cradles for their eggs and chicks, but as lodging houses for the whole year.
here in namibia in southern africa lives the sociable weaver, and very sociable it is, too.
as many as three or four hundred birds will live in a single apartment block.
though some of their relations do indeed weave, the sociable weaver builds in a rather simple way.
it just pushes straws, one by one, into this gigantic bale.
a large communal apartment block has a considerable advantage over small isolated nests when you live in a desert like this.
during the day it gets ferociously hot, but that thick roof of thatch keeps the apartments beneath nice and cool
as the sun sets, the weavers, having been away feeding, come back to their homes.
at night, it can get very cold in the desert, as much as 7 or 8 degrees below freezing.
some are not nurseries, but bedrooms in which several of the colony snuggle together for warmth.
so at last some kind of receptacle, simple or complex, is prepared for the egg, and it is time for the female to produce one.
mated female birds have been feeding intensively and their ovaries are much enlarged.
each egg, emerging from one as a microscopic cell, is planted on a growing globule of yolk which will provide it with food.
it is fertilised by one of the sperm that has been lying awaiting it in the duct.
albumen is wrapped around it to provide it with the water necessary for development.
if they do that, they must lay it in a nest that is really secure, hidden, for example, deep in a burrow as the kiwi does.
her egg is gigantic, the biggest laid by any bird, and a quarter of her total body weight.
one a day, day after day, for a fortnight or so, but the chicks after they hatch will face so many hazards that many will die and the survival rate in the end will be not unlike the kiwi's.
few eggs are totally safe from hungry raiders, no matter how skilfully protected and artfully concealed they are.
this is the nest of a yellow-rumped thornbill, but in fact this neat little cup is empty.
you might think therefore, that it has been robbed of its eggs.
the cup at the top is a dummy, and it seems that many currawongs have not yet discovered the fact.
this wren in costa rica has another way of protecting its eggs.
its nest is pretty obvious... ..and equally obvious is another one close by, a wasps' nest.
the wren nearly always builds within a yard or so of these formidable insects.
0ut here on the cold windswept plains of patagonia there are no trees in which a bird could build a nest.
so plovers, like plovers everywhere, lay their eggs on the ground and trust their camouflage.
but if a stranger wanders too near it, one of the adults immediately responds.
ahead, i can just see a bird crouching on her eggs.
i might quite well think that this extraordinary performance represents an injured bird or maybe a little rodent.
either way it looks like an easy meal and i might follow it and be led away from the nest.
keeping eggs warm, indeed, is a continuing problem for most nesting birds.
the maleo has a very labour-saving way of dealing with its heating problems.
her body has to be particularly well-insulated with dense plumage to prevent it losing heat in these near-freezing conditions, yet somehow she has to transfer some of that heat to these eggs.
this naked brood patch on her belly will enable her to do just that.
her mate is away hunting for lemmings, not only for himself, but for her.
she cannot leave her eggs for more than a minute or two, so her mate looks after her, and he will have to do this for almost two months.
this female canvasback duck is sitting contentedly, incubating and minding her own business.
0ut on the water, another female canvasback is mating with a drake.
the mated female has not yet built a nest of her own, so she makes her way to the one who has.
the sitting female clearly doesn't like this intrusion, but equally, she's not going to abandon her eggs.
it is a little smaller and the male has a redder head and neck, the redhead duck.
his female has also cast her eye on the canvasback's nest.
meanwhile, the redheads sail away to make a nest of their own.
distributing eggs between several nests, as both canvasbacks and redheads do, is like taking out an insurance policy.
the two little eggs belong to the fantails, but the very big one is a cuckoo's.
it is so different that you would think that the fantail would immediately recognise that something is wrong.
the fantail has accepted the egg, and that will be disastrous, because when the bigger cuckoo chick hatches, it will push out the baby fantails.
maybe cuckoos have only just started to do this and fantails haven't yet developed a defence.
there is no future for their own chicks in this one.
but nesting material is too valuable to waste, so they are going to start again.
they are taking precautions, adding long entrance tunnels to their globular nests as they must have been doing for many centuries.
the cuckoo watches for a recently finished nest in which a female has just started to lay.
nearby, there's a colony of a slightly different kind of weaver, the marginally bigger masked weaver.
they don't put entrance tubes to their nests, perhaps because they themselves are nearer the size of a cuckoo, so any entrance they can get into, a cuckoo could also.
but any one cuckoo can only lay one kind of egg.
and it has no way of knowing what colour the eggs are in any particular nest.
most will produce young weaver birds, but some equally certainly, will be cuckoos.
whichever they are, the young chicks will be faced with a whole set of problems that they have to solve if they are to grow into adults.
and the ingenious and sometimes touching way in which that is done is what we will be looking at in the next programme in the life of birds.
birds are masters of the air and can gather food from anywhere on the land.
but most of the earth is covered with water and so some birds, early in their history, became extremely competent there too, both in it and on it.
these shallow gravelly streams here, in the new zealand alps seem desolate places devoid of any food.
and in fact, these streams, like waters fresh or salt all over the world, are full of food.
when you consider that two thirds of the world is covered with water, that's a huge resource.
the only beak in the entire bird world that is bent to one side.
this is the wrybill, which only lives here in new zealand.
its extraordinary beak enables it to probe beneath large heavy boulders that it couldn't possibly turn over or even shift.
and just in case you're wondering, the bend is always to the right.
their dense, oily plumage retains air to such a degree that it forms a silvery cloak around their body and so keeps the birds warm.
the disadvantage of that coat of air is that it makes its wearer very buoyant, and the dipper has to struggle hard to remain below the surface.
it's the size of a small crow, and lives beside rivers and lakes all over north america.
understandably, it prefers places where the water is clear so it can get a good view of its targets.
having caught the fish, it must now stun it, and to do that the fish has to be head outwards.
but if the kingfisher is to swallow it without the spiny fins sticking in its throat, it has to turn the fish around again.
the darter doesn't have the dipper's problem with buoyancy because its feathers actually absorb water.
but that means that it gets soaked to the skin, and after a swim, like anyone in a wet bathing costume, it has to dry itself quickly and thoroughly if it's not to get a chill.
in the swamps of florida, the reddish egret performs an improbable kind of dance.
the idea seems to be to frighten the little fish out of their hiding places.
in africa, the black heron takes the business of shading its eyes very seriously indeed.
maybe cutting out reflections is not the only reason for doing this.
many fish prefer to swim beneath an overhanging bank or a tree, so they can't be easily seen from above.
so perhaps they deliberately take shelter under the heron's wings, which, of course, could be a mistake.
so it's worthwhile for the black heron to follow the spoonbill around, just in case.
the pygmy cormorant certainly is after fish, and therefore thinks it's a good idea to follow the heron.
they don't develop that extraordinary beak until they are some three months old.
skimming, although it demands flying of the greatest precision, is straightforward enough in principle.
as soon as the lower mandible, ploughing through the surface of the water, touches anything solid, a reflex action will make it snap shut.
that sounds fine, but supposing the beak hits something really big, like a floating twig or, worse, a submerged rock, what then?
well, the fact is, that quite a lot of skimmers have broken mandibles.
whatever the hazards, overall, the technique is a very succesful one.
the chicks have to be fed for six weeks and skimmers are faithful, hardworking parents, bringing food every ten minutes or so, for hours on end when the fishing is good.
but while they are certainly devoted to their young, they are sometimes just a little optimistic.
duckweed, tadpoles, weeds and seeds, and bits of bread thrown in by friendly humans.
if the food they have spotted is really deep down, they will up-end totally.
if that doesn't get it, it's beyond their reach and that's that.
ducks keep their plumage water-resistant by anointing it with oil from a gland on their rump.
that's the best place to have a propeller from a mechanical point of view, and as a result they can swim quite fast enough to catch small fish.
their bills are notched like a fine saw, which helps when you have to grapple with a slippery fish.
they use up far more energy than their streamlined parents do.
the most skilful underwater swimmer of all freshwater birds, however, is the diver.
this is an immature one, that has not yet got its spectacular black and white plumage.
its feet are placed so far back on its body, that out of water it can hardly walk, but underwater it's superbly manoeuvrable.
and while one of their parents ferries them around, the other finds food for them.
the male finds a fish, but decides to eat that himself.
they get shallower as rivers dump sediment in them, and in the tropics, they may even dry up every year.
as a result, all sorts of delicious things come within reach, as they have in this african pool
now the little disc, with which the snail can seal its shell, has to be removed.
that's done by delicately squeezing it in just the right place.
the yellow-bills have a labour-saving technique for fishing in these overcrowded pools.
they just hold their beaks open and wait for a fish to blunder into them.
0nly one kind of fish is likely to survive the coming drought.
the lungfish will soon cocoon itself in the mud at the bottom, and remain there, dormant but still alive, even when the river bed is bone dry, because it can breathe air.
0n the margins of the land, the water retreats not just once a year, but twice every day.
that exposes a completely different menu, and birds compete in order to be the first to collect it.
it may also be that it gets so close to the waves because that gives it the chance of catching a barnacle or a mussel, before it has fully reacted to its exposure to the air, and closed its shell.
where the coast is less rocky and the beaches are sandier, the waves are less violent.
here birds of several different kinds will assemble, but they are not always in competition.
each collects from a particular place with a particular kind of implement.
the godwits have long beaks with which to probe deeply into the sand for worms, crustaceans and little molluscs.
dowitchers, with shorter beaks, collect the same sort of thing but from nearer the surface.
sanderlings pick up bits and pieces that have just been washed ashore.
0ut in the shallow water, avocets are after shrimps, and other swimming creatures that don't allow themselves to get stranded on the beach.
the avocet holds its bill with the curved section just slightly parted, and as it sweeps it through the water and the mud, small invertebrates are carried into it.
the bill is so sensitive that the avocet feels when something good has arrived, and swallows it.
with a bill the size of a pelican's, you don't have to have pin-point accuracy.
it does help, however, for pelicans to feed in groups, for then fish fleeing from one lunging bill may blunder into another.
they know that the pelican has to open its bill and get rid of all that water before it can swallow any fish it might have caught.
and when it does, they might get a chance to steal part of its catch.
every morning they leave their roosts and set off in small parties to scour the surface of the sea.
they are searching for a pale greenish patch in the blue of the ocean that betrays the presence of a dense shoal of fish.
as the boobies dive, they draw their wings half back so that they can still aim, and only fully retract them just before they hit the water.
the bombardment will continue until either the shoal manages to escape downwards, or the fading light of the evening forces the boobies to return to their roost on the coast.
boobies don't actively swim underwater, but members of the auk family, such as these guillemots and puffins, do.
they propel themselves, not with their feet, like ducks, but with their wings, and they have paid a considerable price to be able to do so.
that gives them a rather clumsy, whirring flight in the air but it does enable them to fly underwater so well that they can outpace small fish.
0ne family of birds has taken this development even farther, and one of them lives here...in the galapagos.
we tend to think of penguins as sitting around on ice floes in the freezing waters of the antarctic, so maybe these little penguins sitting right on the equator seem odd to us.
but in fact, these little ones are probably much more like the original ancestral penguin than their giant antarctic cousins.
because those first ancestral penguins certainly flew, as well as dived, as guillemots do today.
and if you were much bigger than this and had a wing shaped like a flipper, which is what all penguins need to swim, you would never get into the air.
so maybe these little ones are more like the first of the penguins.
penguins underwater look somewhat like dolphins and indeed the two families have similar evolutionary histories.
some members of the penguin family can dive for 5-6 minutes without taking breath and descend to depths of a thousand feet in search of food.
indeed, the only thing that limits penguins as swimmers, is their need to breathe air.
there is, however, one link that still ties them, and indeed all birds, to the land.
they all have to return there in order to lay their eggs.
nobody knows why it happens, but when you make strange noises here, sea birds fall from the sky.
i'm on lord howe island, a tiny speck of land 300 miles off the east coast of australia.
human beings only got here little over 200 years ago, and it seems that the birds that nest here are still quite curious to see what's going on.
and these birds which are coming to these calls are providence petrels.
skilled in the air they may be, but they are certainly clumsy and ungainly on land.
when they do come down, they squabble and wrestle furiously with one another.
and, amazingly and very touchingly, it will stay here on my hand in a very trusting way and it gives me a chance to look at the structure at the base of its beak.
it has a tube-nose, and that structure, which it shares with a number of other ocean-going birds, is absolutely crucial to their survival out on the open ocean.
and that is where he is going to go right now.
that tube channels air to a sense organ at the base of the beak which can detect very faint odours.
that's a rare ability among birds, and it enables the tube-noses to find floating food from great distances away.
i'm at sea, 20 miles out from the east coast of australia, and in this bucket i've got a particularly attractive liquid.
the first to arrive are sooty shearwaters and cape petrels, closely related to those providence petrels on lord howe island.
it's not only the smell of fish oil and offal to which they are sensitive.
it's recently been discovered that when small shrimps and other floating creatures feed on floating plants, algae, those plants release a gas, that in strong concentrations smells a little like rotting seaweed.
the petrels can sense even a faintest whiff of this, and so can find places where they can collect the shrimps.
they, too, belong to the tube-nose family, but the tube on their beaks is comparatively small.
in fact, they find their food more by sight than by smell.
it's not quite as big as a wanderer but it's still a very large bird, with a seven foot wing span.
no birds exploit the ocean winds with greater skill than the albatrosses.
reading its force with peerless sensitivity, they're able to adjust their immense wings to exploit every tiny updraft deflected from the waves beneath.
so they can glide for long periods without expending any energy at all on flapping.
the wandering albatross rides the violent gales of the southern ocean, and will travel a thousand miles to bring back a cropful of food for its chick.
the chick takes nearly ten months to grow strong enough for an ocean-going life.
so although the albatross, when young, may roam the oceans for several years without touching land, eventually the need to breed brings it down to earth.
0ne bird has managed to break this long obligation to return repeatedly to land to feed its chick.
it's called the ancient murrelet, and it doesn't feed its chick on land at all.
the only place it nests are on islands around the northern rim of the pacific, like canada's queen charlotte islands, where i am now.
the chicks, when they're only two days old, make one of the most astonishing journeys made by any chicks.
the parents come back from the sea at night and, crouching on the ground, call to their newly hatched young.
by midnight there are young chicks swarming all over the forest floor.
most of them managed to get to the beach within ten minutes of leaving their holes.
in some miraculous way, each chick recognises the sound of its parents' voice.
united, the little families leave the land and its dangers and sail away into the relative safety of the open ocean.
dawn, and there's not a single one of those little chicks to be seen.
by now they are all at least four miles out to sea, called there by their parents.
and what they say, and the various ways in which they say it, is what we'll be looking at in the next programme about the life 0f birds.
the desolate wastes of the antarctic - so cold that insects would freeze solid.
volcanic springs in africa - spouting water so hot and corrosive that it will strip skin from flesh.
the waterless deserts of the tropics - hundreds of square miles of baking sand.
the earth can be an inhospitable place, yet birds of some kind manage somehow to endure and survive all its privations.
indeed, there is scarcely a corner of the globe that birds have not colonised.
they were shed by plants months or years ago after a storm briefly dampened the desert.
the sandgrouse, by searching incessantly, manage to pick out several thousand every day.
while the last chick struggles from its shell, the others cluster around and suck from his breast, for all the world like puppies or kittens.
so one comparatively small adaptation of its feathers has enabled the sandgrouse to colonise a corner of the world closed to others.
the ground in the wake of one of the bush fires that regularly sweep across the grasslands of africa seems initially just as parched as its deserts.
yet the courser, a relative of the plover's, is a nomad who actually seeks it out.
since all the scrub has been cleared by fire, the bird has the advantage of being able to see approaching predators.
dawn on the shores of the persian gulf, and crab plovers, having fed on the edge of the sea, come back to their breeding grounds.
they, in spite of their unsuitably long legs, have learned how to become burrowers.
they've discovered that, only a few inches below the surface, the sand is wonderfully cool
there, a bird can sit on its eggs in comfort throughout the crushing heat of the day.
to feed, the plovers have to go down to the edge of the sea.
the fact that so few creatures can tolerate these conditions means that any animal that can has the place to itself and so can proliferate in vast numbers.
that applies to the crustaceans and the algae in the water and also to the birds that feed on them.
but the heat is so extreme, the congealed soda so caustic, that sometimes a whole generation is lost.
nonetheless, the success rate is still sufficient to maintain the size of the flocks.
it's snow and ice, and that too causes huge difficulties for birds.
here in the arctic, during the winter, such things that are edible are locked away beneath the snow and ice.
nonetheless, a few birds manage to survive through this bleak season, provided they get help... ..from polar bears.
the bears will eat almost every part of a seal, their staple diet.
but they leave enough from their kills to provide scavenging gulls with a meal
in summer, on the tundra, it's warm enough for plants to grow in the lakes.
there, spectacled eider duck swim and dive to collect insect larvae and worms from the muddy bottom.
but when winter comes, the lakes freeze and then the ducks vanish.
hundreds of miles from the coast, they gather together on the surface of the sea, surrounded by ice.
there are no more than half a dozen such assemblies and between them they contain the entire world population of the spectacled eider.
the birds are so tightly packed and so continuously on the move that, within their huge pond, the water does not freeze over.
they can dive to collect food from the bottom of the arctic 0cean 200 feet below;
food that would otherwise be denied them by the sea ice.
in the antarctic, at the other end of the globe, the winter can be even more severe.
temperatures can fall to 80 degrees below zero and the gales blow at over 100 miles an hour.
yet this is the time the biggest of all penguins, the emperors, have to breed.
having mated at the beginning of the winter, the females return to the sea, leaving the eggs with the males, who hold them on top of their feet to keep them off the ice.
emperors are so big that there is not time in the short antarctic summer for the chicks to grow into sea-going adults.
then the females will return, allowing the males to go down to the sea for a meal
meanwhile, in the continuous darkness of mid-winter, broken only by the southern lights, all the male emperors can do is endure.
but most birds do, and they rely on their sight in order to navigate.
so, for them, darkness is a major problem, and no darkness is more complete than in a cave.
in the evening, they fly out into the comparative brightness of the starry sky to feed.
they seek out the fruit of palms and laurels which have a strong fragrance, so the oil birds are able to find them by smell.
they are now in no danger of being attacked by hawks, as they would've been if they had not spent the day in the safety of their cave.
so all over the world, birds, by changing their habits or adapting their anatomy, manage to survive in the most hostile of places.
a century ago, a completely new kind of environment appeared on earth.
nothing like it had faced the birds before in their entire 200 million years history.
this devoted parent has brought back a crop-load to feed its chicks.
the adults have little difficulty in finding all the food they need for themselves and their young.
not many birds have either the temperament to tolerate such places or the digestion to cope with such food.
but those that have, swarm in huge numbers like flamingos on an african soda lake.
they love these blueberries ripening in plantations in florida, so they come in thousands to collect them.
if these assemblies reach plague proportions, then that is no more than a reflection of the intensive way in which man grows his crops.
few other birds can manage to eat these large cultivated blueberries and indeed, even waxwings sometimes have a little trouble in doing so.
crows have become highly skilled at making a living in these new urban environments.
in this japanese city, they have devised a way of eating a food that normally they can't manage.
dropping a nut from a great height onto a hard road does, sometimes, crack it.
city life may offer birds attractions that are rather less obvious than just food.
this is the centre of glasgow, 5 o'clock on an autumn evening.
maybe it is to get to know one another, creating some kind of team spirit, for they tend to spend the winter in parties.
maybe it's because there is safety in numbers when trying to avoid predators such as hawks.
here in europe, towns are also attractive because it is a little warmer than out in the countryside.
you might think that this is just about the last place that a bird or any other animal would choose to sleep.
this is an oil refinery on the banks of the amazon river in central brazil
just across the water, there's a lovely virgin rainforest, yet here - well, just look and listen.
it can be wound down regularly by the local people and the shelf brought out to make sure that the young are fit and don't need help with the housekeeping.
in fact, these apartments are so luxurious that these days, purple martins don't nest in natural sites any more.
choctaw and chickasaw indians, who were glad to see the birds when they arrived each spring and hung out gourds to encourage them to nest around their settlements.
today, over a million people in the united states offer hospitality to purple martins in this way.
it seems that those of us who live in towns and cities feel increasingly cut off from the natural world that lies beyond our buildings and so we treasure any contact we can find with wild creatures.
certainly, an affection for birds is shared by all kinds and conditions of people all over the world.
then in autumn, he sees them again on their way back to their winter quarters in the warmth of the south.
some of them have been fitted with leg-rings, so he knows the same birds visit him each year to drink from the same feeder.
it's possible that many now vary their routes to make sure that they pay a call at such a reliable restaurant.
at the height of the migration, he may be visited in a single day by about 9,000 different birds.
and every day he provides his customers with over 13 gallons of sugar water.
meals like these must surely make the difference between life and death for many of the little rufous hummingbirds which, on leaving jesse's fuel station, have still to tackle the last stage of their 2,000-mile migration across the bay of mexico
and the human residents are only too delighted to have such engaging lodgers with regular habits living beneath their front doorstep.
humanity's impact on the bird world, however, has not always been so helpful
birds reached all the islands of the pacific a very long time before people did.
small birds such as white-eyes are not very powerful flyers, but they probably made the sea-crossings inadvertently, carried by storms.
0nce on land, they and others, like fantails, found insects to eat which doubtless had made the journey in the same sort of way.
honeyeaters found plants in bloom from which they could drink nectar.
this is the small island of guam that during the second world war became a major military base.
some time in the 1940s, brown tree snakes from new guinea appeared here, brought accidentally by ships.
species that evolved here and differed from any elsewhere have now gone for good.
insects and spiders, without birds to keep their numbers in check, have proliferated.
kakas eat a great deal of vegetable food - fruit and seeds and nectar.
but they also feast on honeydew, a sticky fluid excreted by insects that live beneath the bark of these trees, drinking sap.
female kakas rely on this high-energy food to bring them into breeding condition.
but the european wasps found honeydew much to their taste as well.
the kakas are unable to compete, and they are already under severe attack from introduced predators such as stoats.
these latest insect invaders may well be the final competitors that eliminate the kaka from these forests.
but the greatest destruction of the world's birds has been inflicted by human beings.
the hula, which once lived in new zealand's woodlands, was hunted precisely because it was rare, and was finally totally gone in 1907.
the great auk, a giant flightless relation of the razorbill that lived in the islands of the north atlantic, was hunted and exterminated by the middle of the nineteenth century.
the dodo, a pigeon that, safe in its island sanctuary of mauritius, also evolved into a flightless giant, was easy prey for hungry sailors.
they exterminated it by the middle of the seventeenth century, less than 200 years after men first set foot on their island.
it's not only on islands that birds are vulnerable to changes brought by humanity.
150 years ago, prairies like this in the united states were home to flocks of birds 2 to 3,000 million strong.
they were so big they darkened the skies and took two or three days to pass.
they were what was probably the most numerous bird that has ever existed on earth - passenger pigeons.
their numbers were so astronomic that no one considered them as anything but pests, nor could imagine that they would ever be in danger of extinction.
but a combination of hunting and changes to the landscape brought by farming destroyed them.
the last wild passenger pigeon was sighted in 1889, and the last survivor of all, a lonely female called martha, died in cincinnati zoo in 1914.
the whole world's population comes here in winter, and they sometimes roost in only three or four sites.
should anything happen to those sites, the dickcissels could go the same way as the passenger pigeon, and they are a very serious pest.
so the same technique is sometimes used against dickcissels, in spite of the fact that it's against the law.
the birds, recorded here by amateur video, take several days to die.
yet humanity, so often in the past the mindless and merciless exterminator of birds, can sometimes become their guardians.
here, in a remote part of tasmania, a mining family has become the saviour of the orange-bellied parrot.
for years, they've been putting out food daily on a bird table, and these parrots became their best customers.
a century ago, there were certainly many thousands of this bird here and in south-east australia.
now, not more than 200 survive, and nearly all of them are here during the nesting season.
the area is very isolated, but bird-watching enthusiasts are very enthusiastic.
and special nest boxes within binocular range have been put up for the parrots.
so, although the orange-bellied parrot is still few in number and therefore a very rare bird, it's seen by thousands, and, for the moment at least, seems safe in its remote sanctuary.
just two free-flying pairs are given extra food as part of a long-term study.
the present population is now just about as many as the island can sustain.
now, pink pigeons are being released in three different parts of mauritius.
feeding programmes have also been started to help these new populations establish themselves.
now, using similar captive breeding techniques, there are 20 in captivity and 80 in the wild.
the island of mauritius, once a black name in the history of humanity's relationship with birds, has become one of the showplaces of species conservation.
many of the creatures of the forest, such as the elephant that also figure in this celebration, have long since disappeared.
the turaco, however, still survives, though in the whole of this forest there are only about 4,000 pairs, and it lives nowhere else.
for decades the forest has been felled to make way for fields in which the people can grow their food.
it's now only half the size it was 30 years ago.
the traditional beliefs of the people have been harnessed to come to the forest's defence.
the masked figure of mabu, their spirit guardian, accompanied by the village elders, regularly patrols the margins of the forest.
stakes are planted to mark the point beyond which no tree may be felled.
the turaco has become a symbol of the villagers' regard for their environment.
and mabu is now in league with international bird conservation bodies who are also concerned about the survival of bannerman's turaco.
in north america, there are other masquerades, to protect a bird that is even rarer than the turaco.
today, there are 300, thanks to captive breeding and the patient rearing of chicks by hand.
(speaking quietly) and this is surely one of the most extraordinary hand-rearing devices yet invented:
a whooping crane adult hand glove puppet with a trigger inside so that i can operate the beak.
i'm speaking quietly because behind each of these doors is a whooping crane chick, and it's very important that they don't get used to the sound of human voices at this early stage in their lives.
it's even more important, of course, that they don't see human beings, which is why they are fed with this glove puppet.
here at the international crane foundation in wisconsin, they believe that, were the chicks to be fed by humans directly and visibly, they would risk becoming humanised, so that when they became adult they wouldn't be able to breed with their own kind.
and once again, they have to be shown the sort of thing they must do.
away to the west, in idaho, a farmer with a passion for cranes, kent clegg, has also been rearing a small group of whooper chicks.
he has a mechanised way of persuading his little flock to fly.
he has reared them in a quite different way, initially in small groups, which he believes will avoid humanising problems.
in the past, some used to overwinter in the united states, but many in the autumn would fly south to new mexico.
if these birds were to remain free, they might try to do the same thing.
but how would they know which way to go without their parents to guide them?
and how would they find somewhere safe to feed when they got there?
birds were flying from continent to continent long before we were.
they reached the coldest place on earth, antarctica, long before we did.
volcanic springs in africa - spouting water so hot and corrosive that it will strip skin from flesh.
the waterless deserts of the tropics - hundreds of square miles of baking sand.
the earth can be an inhospitable place, yet birds of some kind manage somehow to endure and survive all its privations.
indeed, there is scarcely a corner of the globe that birds have not colonised.
they were shed by plants months or years ago after a storm briefly dampened the desert.
the sandgrouse, by searching incessantly, manage to pick out several thousand every day.
while the last chick struggles from its shell, the others cluster around and suck from his breast, for all the world like puppies or kittens.
so one comparatively small adaptation of its feathers has enabled the sandgrouse to colonise a corner of the world closed to others.
the ground in the wake of one of the bush fires that regularly sweep across the grasslands of africa seems initially just as parched as its deserts.
yet the courser, a relative of the plover's, is a nomad who actually seeks it out.
since all the scrub has been cleared by fire, the bird has the advantage of being able to see approaching predators.
dawn on the shores of the persian gulf, and crab plovers, having fed on the edge of the sea, come back to their breeding grounds.
they, in spite of their unsuitably long legs, have learned how to become burrowers.
they've discovered that, only a few inches below the surface, the sand is wonderfully cool
there, a bird can sit on its eggs in comfort throughout the crushing heat of the day.
to feed, the plovers have to go down to the edge of the sea.
the fact that so few creatures can tolerate these conditions means that any animal that can has the place to itself and so can proliferate in vast numbers.
that applies to the crustaceans and the algae in the water and also to the birds that feed on them.
but the heat is so extreme, the congealed soda so caustic, that sometimes a whole generation is lost.
nonetheless, the success rate is still sufficient to maintain the size of the flocks.
it's snow and ice, and that too causes huge difficulties for birds.
here in the arctic, during the winter, such things that are edible are locked away beneath the snow and ice.
nonetheless, a few birds manage to survive through this bleak season, provided they get help... ..from polar bears.
the bears will eat almost every part of a seal, their staple diet.
but they leave enough from their kills to provide scavenging gulls with a meal
in summer, on the tundra, it's warm enough for plants to grow in the lakes.
there, spectacled eider duck swim and dive to collect insect larvae and worms from the muddy bottom.
but when winter comes, the lakes freeze and then the ducks vanish.
hundreds of miles from the coast, they gather together on the surface of the sea, surrounded by ice.
there are no more than half a dozen such assemblies and between them they contain the entire world population of the spectacled eider.
the birds are so tightly packed and so continuously on the move that, within their huge pond, the water does not freeze over.
they can dive to collect food from the bottom of the arctic 0cean 200 feet below;
food that would otherwise be denied them by the sea ice.
in the antarctic, at the other end of the globe, the winter can be even more severe.
temperatures can fall to 80 degrees below zero and the gales blow at over 100 miles an hour.
yet this is the time the biggest of all penguins, the emperors, have to breed.
having mated at the beginning of the winter, the females return to the sea, leaving the eggs with the males, who hold them on top of their feet to keep them off the ice.
emperors are so big that there is not time in the short antarctic summer for the chicks to grow into sea-going adults.
then the females will return, allowing the males to go down to the sea for a meal
meanwhile, in the continuous darkness of mid-winter, broken only by the southern lights, all the male emperors can do is endure.
but most birds do, and they rely on their sight in order to navigate.
so, for them, darkness is a major problem, and no darkness is more complete than in a cave.
in the evening, they fly out into the comparative brightness of the starry sky to feed.
they seek out the fruit of palms and laurels which have a strong fragrance, so the oil birds are able to find them by smell.
they are now in no danger of being attacked by hawks, as they would've been if they had not spent the day in the safety of their cave.
so all over the world, birds, by changing their habits or adapting their anatomy, manage to survive in the most hostile of places.
a century ago, a completely new kind of environment appeared on earth.
nothing like it had faced the birds before in their entire 200 million years history.
this devoted parent has brought back a crop-load to feed its chicks.
the adults have little difficulty in finding all the food they need for themselves and their young.
not many birds have either the temperament to tolerate such places or the digestion to cope with such food.
but those that have, swarm in huge numbers like flamingos on an african soda lake.
they love these blueberries ripening in plantations in florida, so they come in thousands to collect them.
if these assemblies reach plague proportions, then that is no more than a reflection of the intensive way in which man grows his crops.
few other birds can manage to eat these large cultivated blueberries and indeed, even waxwings sometimes have a little trouble in doing so.
crows have become highly skilled at making a living in these new urban environments.
in this japanese city, they have devised a way of eating a food that normally they can't manage.
dropping a nut from a great height onto a hard road does, sometimes, crack it.
city life may offer birds attractions that are rather less obvious than just food.
this is the centre of glasgow, 5 o'clock on an autumn evening.
maybe it is to get to know one another, creating some kind of team spirit, for they tend to spend the winter in parties.
maybe it's because there is safety in numbers when trying to avoid predators such as hawks.
here in europe, towns are also attractive because it is a little warmer than out in the countryside.
you might think that this is just about the last place that a bird or any other animal would choose to sleep.
this is an oil refinery on the banks of the amazon river in central brazil
just across the water, there's a lovely virgin rainforest, yet here - well, just look and listen.
it can be wound down regularly by the local people and the shelf brought out to make sure that the young are fit and don't need help with the housekeeping.
in fact, these apartments are so luxurious that these days, purple martins don't nest in natural sites any more.
choctaw and chickasaw indians, who were glad to see the birds when they arrived each spring and hung out gourds to encourage them to nest around their settlements.
today, over a million people in the united states offer hospitality to purple martins in this way.
it seems that those of us who live in towns and cities feel increasingly cut off from the natural world that lies beyond our buildings and so we treasure any contact we can find with wild creatures.
certainly, an affection for birds is shared by all kinds and conditions of people all over the world.
then in autumn, he sees them again on their way back to their winter quarters in the warmth of the south.
some of them have been fitted with leg-rings, so he knows the same birds visit him each year to drink from the same feeder.
it's possible that many now vary their routes to make sure that they pay a call at such a reliable restaurant.
at the height of the migration, he may be visited in a single day by about 9,000 different birds.
and every day he provides his customers with over 13 gallons of sugar water.
meals like these must surely make the difference between life and death for many of the little rufous hummingbirds which, on leaving jesse's fuel station, have still to tackle the last stage of their 2,000-mile migration across the bay of mexico
and the human residents are only too delighted to have such engaging lodgers with regular habits living beneath their front doorstep.
humanity's impact on the bird world, however, has not always been so helpful
birds reached all the islands of the pacific a very long time before people did.
small birds such as white-eyes are not very powerful flyers, but they probably made the sea-crossings inadvertently, carried by storms.
0nce on land, they and others, like fantails, found insects to eat which doubtless had made the journey in the same sort of way.
honeyeaters found plants in bloom from which they could drink nectar.
this is the small island of guam that during the second world war became a major military base.
some time in the 1940s, brown tree snakes from new guinea appeared here, brought accidentally by ships.
species that evolved here and differed from any elsewhere have now gone for good.
insects and spiders, without birds to keep their numbers in check, have proliferated.
kakas eat a great deal of vegetable food - fruit and seeds and nectar.
but they also feast on honeydew, a sticky fluid excreted by insects that live beneath the bark of these trees, drinking sap.
female kakas rely on this high-energy food to bring them into breeding condition.
but the european wasps found honeydew much to their taste as well.
the kakas are unable to compete, and they are already under severe attack from introduced predators such as stoats.
these latest insect invaders may well be the final competitors that eliminate the kaka from these forests.
but the greatest destruction of the world's birds has been inflicted by human beings.
the hula, which once lived in new zealand's woodlands, was hunted precisely because it was rare, and was finally totally gone in 1907.
the great auk, a giant flightless relation of the razorbill that lived in the islands of the north atlantic, was hunted and exterminated by the middle of the nineteenth century.
the dodo, a pigeon that, safe in its island sanctuary of mauritius, also evolved into a flightless giant, was easy prey for hungry sailors.
they exterminated it by the middle of the seventeenth century, less than 200 years after men first set foot on their island.
it's not only on islands that birds are vulnerable to changes brought by humanity.
150 years ago, prairies like this in the united states were home to flocks of birds 2 to 3,000 million strong.
they were so big they darkened the skies and took two or three days to pass.
they were what was probably the most numerous bird that has ever existed on earth - passenger pigeons.
their numbers were so astronomic that no one considered them as anything but pests, nor could imagine that they would ever be in danger of extinction.
but a combination of hunting and changes to the landscape brought by farming destroyed them.
the last wild passenger pigeon was sighted in 1889, and the last survivor of all, a lonely female called martha, died in cincinnati zoo in 1914.
the whole world's population comes here in winter, and they sometimes roost in only three or four sites.
should anything happen to those sites, the dickcissels could go the same way as the passenger pigeon, and they are a very serious pest.
so the same technique is sometimes used against dickcissels, in spite of the fact that it's against the law.
the birds, recorded here by amateur video, take several days to die.
yet humanity, so often in the past the mindless and merciless exterminator of birds, can sometimes become their guardians.
here, in a remote part of tasmania, a mining family has become the saviour of the orange-bellied parrot.
for years, they've been putting out food daily on a bird table, and these parrots became their best customers.
a century ago, there were certainly many thousands of this bird here and in south-east australia.
now, not more than 200 survive, and nearly all of them are here during the nesting season.
the area is very isolated, but bird-watching enthusiasts are very enthusiastic.
and special nest boxes within binocular range have been put up for the parrots.
so, although the orange-bellied parrot is still few in number and therefore a very rare bird, it's seen by thousands, and, for the moment at least, seems safe in its remote sanctuary.
just two free-flying pairs are given extra food as part of a long-term study.
the present population is now just about as many as the island can sustain.
now, pink pigeons are being released in three different parts of mauritius.
feeding programmes have also been started to help these new populations establish themselves.
now, using similar captive breeding techniques, there are 20 in captivity and 80 in the wild.
the island of mauritius, once a black name in the history of humanity's relationship with birds, has become one of the showplaces of species conservation.
many of the creatures of the forest, such as the elephant that also figure in this celebration, have long since disappeared.
the turaco, however, still survives, though in the whole of this forest there are only about 4,000 pairs, and it lives nowhere else.
for decades the forest has been felled to make way for fields in which the people can grow their food.
it's now only half the size it was 30 years ago.
the traditional beliefs of the people have been harnessed to come to the forest's defence.
the masked figure of mabu, their spirit guardian, accompanied by the village elders, regularly patrols the margins of the forest.
stakes are planted to mark the point beyond which no tree may be felled.
the turaco has become a symbol of the villagers' regard for their environment.
and mabu is now in league with international bird conservation bodies who are also concerned about the survival of bannerman's turaco.
in north america, there are other masquerades, to protect a bird that is even rarer than the turaco.
today, there are 300, thanks to captive breeding and the patient rearing of chicks by hand.
(speaking quietly) and this is surely one of the most extraordinary hand-rearing devices yet invented:
a whooping crane adult hand glove puppet with a trigger inside so that i can operate the beak.
i'm speaking quietly because behind each of these doors is a whooping crane chick, and it's very important that they don't get used to the sound of human voices at this early stage in their lives.
it's even more important, of course, that they don't see human beings, which is why they are fed with this glove puppet.
here at the international crane foundation in wisconsin, they believe that, were the chicks to be fed by humans directly and visibly, they would risk becoming humanised, so that when they became adult they wouldn't be able to breed with their own kind.
and once again, they have to be shown the sort of thing they must do.
away to the west, in idaho, a farmer with a passion for cranes, kent clegg, has also been rearing a small group of whooper chicks.
he has a mechanised way of persuading his little flock to fly.
he has reared them in a quite different way, initially in small groups, which he believes will avoid humanising problems.
in the past, some used to overwinter in the united states, but many in the autumn would fly south to new mexico.
if these birds were to remain free, they might try to do the same thing.
but how would they know which way to go without their parents to guide them?
and how would they find somewhere safe to feed when they got there?
birds were flying from continent to continent long before we were.
they reached the coldest place on earth, antarctica, long before we did.
it's much lighter than the jaws and teeth that reptiles and mammals use to process their food, yet it's also very efficient and versatile.
a jay using its beak like a pick can cut through an acorn's armour without any difficulty.
it's just the right length for extracting the seeds from between a teasel's spines.
a blue tit, on the other hand, has a stubbier beak.
that gives it the strength to crack small seeds, but it also prevents its owner from getting them from a teasel
a greenfinch's beak is even stouter and stronger, but it's far from clumsy.
watch how, with the help from its tongue, the bird delicately removes the outer shell of these rosehip seeds.
the strongest beak in the finch family belongs to the hawfinch.
first, it manoeuvres the cherry-stone into the right position for easy cracking.
it gets rid of the broken shell... ..and now it starts the fiddly operation of removing the husk that covers the kernel
pine trees, these are in california, protect their seeds by enclosing them in cones.
when they're still green, the seeds developing within are beyond the reach of most birds.
green pine cones are resinous, and resin may cause stomach upsets, but clay in the stomach will absorb the resin and so prevent any trouble.
a crossed bill, however, is not the best implement for digging.
you have to twist your head to one side to get the point into the ground.
but the birds seem to manage to get a sufficiently effective dose to allow them to take daily meals from the pine trees.
seeds in the temperate parts of the world, however, whether they are in pine cones, cherry-stones or acorns, all have a major disadvantage as a food for birds - they're very seasonal
in spring and in summer there's none, and then in the autumn there's a glut.
a single oak tree like this can produce 90,000 acorns in a season.
but there are lots of things apart from birds that eat acorns.
squirrels do, for a start, so if a jay is to collect acorns in the autumn, it will have to do so quickly, before others grab them all.
it is carrying one in its beak, because its crop is full, as you can see from that bulge on its throat.
0ne jay, in a month, may bury as many as 3,000 acorns.
what is more, when winter comes and it's in need of food, it will remember exactly where most of them are.
a woodpecker's beak is a drill, and a very efficient one, so it's not surprising that it stores acorns by drilling.
there are as many as 60,000 acorns stored in the holes drilled in this one tree.
all the members of this woodpecker family, eight birds in all, use this one tree.
to start with, the birds deposit newly gathered acorns in a hole to allow them to dry off.
then, when they have shrunk as much as they are going to do immediately, they're given individual storage.
this larder provides food for the family throughout the year, but the birds have to be very vigilant and ready at all times to repel raiders.
0n the other hand, if they are hammered into a hole that is too tight, the shell could crack and then the acorn would rot.
so maintenance is a never-ending, year-round labour, and it takes a lot of care and judgement.
the result is a great acorn treasury that will last the whole family well into the next harvest.
these neat holes are made, not for storage, but for theft.
even so, each little well eventually runs dry and the bird has to cut another.
these wells have been made in the trunk of a pine tree which produces sap throughout the year.
0ther trees, such as these aspens, only produce sap in quantity in spring and summer.
when the sap-sucker moves on to these, it cuts differently shaped wells.
the birches are now in leaf, and the sap-sucker moves on to them, and makes wells of yet a different shape.
a northern oriole - another hungry migrant only too willing to benefit from the labours of others.
sap is an excellent food - energy rich and easily flicked up with the tongue.
but it can only be collected from many of these northern trees during part of the year.
so when winter approaches, warblers and hummingbirds fly south again to where it's summer all year long.
here in mexico, the sap is taken, not only by birds, but by insects.
the trunks of many of the trees seem to be sprouting long hairs.
at the end of each, there's a tiny drop of liquid.
the hair is a tube projecting from the rear of an insect lying beneath the bark drinking sap.
but the insect gets more sugar than it needs, so it excretes the excess.
the liquid, rather flatteringly called "honey-dew", is so much sought after that some birds take up residence in a particular tree and will drive away any others that try to feed there.
their meals, however, come in such small instalments that feeding has to be almost continuous.
it takes about an hour for a drop to accumulate at the end of a tube, so to get enough to sustain themselves, the hummingbirds have to travel from one to another on a regular round throughout the day.
plants produce other edible things as well as seeds and fruit and sap.
so animals that live on leaves, like these cows, for example, tend to be rather hefty creatures with massive batteries of grinding teeth and special capacious stomachs.
cows, having grazed, lie down and bring up each mouthful for a second grinding chew.
they're big birds, as they have to be to accommodate such bulky meals.
but instead of digesting the grass intensively, they eat a very great deal of it and get rid of what they can't digest almost immediately.
in south africa there's a rather smaller leaf-eater - the mousebird.
they do make some attempt to digest their meals a little more thoroughly.
here in australia there are some plants that are in flower throughout the year, so it's possible for birds to specialise as nectar feeders, as these lorikeets do.
their tongues, instead of being hard and leathery, have a feathery brushy tip so they can lap up the nectar.
and the plants, when they have a need for a messenger, advertise the fact by producing flowers with particularly bright petals.
having collected all the nectar immediately available on one tree, the lorikeets move off in a flock to feed at another, carrying the pollen they collected with them.
but they take nectar from many different kinds of flowers, and if, as here, the plant they next visit happens to be a different one the pollen they're carrying will be wasted.
the plants way of reducing that risk is to recruit an exclusive service with couriers who, during their flowering season, will visit them alone.
this orange-breasted sunbird has a beak of that shape, but even so, it has to probe really deeply to reach the heather's nectar.
and every time it does, it triggers a little explosion of pollen.
when the bird drinks at another heather plant, some of that pollen will be brushed off and the heather will have achieved its end.
but bird and flower can fit one another more closely than that.
the devices used by plants to restrict their payments to their employees may, if taken to extremes, defeat the object of the exercise.
this south american plant has gone, literally, to great lengths to shield its nectar from all but its established partner, and that has encouraged burglary.
its tongue is flicking into the nectary at the top of the flower's trumpet so that nectar is channelled down its lower bill into its throat.
the datura has even longer flower trumpets, but they are robbed just as easily.
here in south america, hummingbirds are the main collectors of nectar, and they will collect it any way they can.
using a break-in by a flower-piercer is as good a way as any other, as far as they're concerned.
the trumpet of the datura flower is so long that you might think that nothing could drink from it - legally, as it were.
and only one bird can - the sword-billed hummer, which has the longest beak in relation to its body of any bird in the world.
they have developed a unique way of flying that allows them to hang stationary in the air while they drink from a dangling blossom.
their tongues have become threads that flick in and out a dozen times a second, but they're virtually useless for collecting any other kind of food.
where most plants tend to bloom at the same time of the year, neither the suppliers nor the drinkers of nectar can be so specialised.
so the coral tree, blooming in thailand, has no alternative but to be generous and offer its nectar in a free and open way.
this delectable seasonal treat attracts all kinds of birds from far and wide.
such a large and varied clientele is pretty well bound to do the job required of them.
after they are pollinated, plants produce seeds and then many engage other birds to distribute them.
that, by and large, is heavier work, and the payments they offer for that are made with a different currency - fruit.
hornbills are on their way to do a job for a fig tree in the indonesian rain forest.
in northern europe and america, waxwings gorge themselves on autumn berries.
a plant wraps its seeds in the minimum flesh needed to persuade the bird to swallow them.
these berries have so little that it's quickly stripped off in the waxwing's stomach, and then the waxwing can get rid of the indigestible seed.
in south america, tiny wild avocados are the special favourite of one of the most dazzling of birds - the quetzal
the avocados may be small, but they're still too big for the quetzal to swallow.
so the stones are ejected, not from the back end, but from the front.
the bird has had a good meal, and the avocado has had some of its seeds carried to a new site.
a butterfly's wings aren't very digestible and have to be stripped off before the bird can swallow the fat, nutritious body.
winged termites erupting from their holes in the ground and flying away to establish new colonies.
the feathers of its tail, like those of all woodpeckers, are particularly stiff so that they can serve as a prop.
the most nutritious morsels are the soft, fat, stingless grubs that can be found in the very centre of the nest.
it particularly likes the grubs of wood-boring beetles, and the first thing to do to find them is to chisel away the bark.
its tongue extends for an inch and a half beyond its beak and has a harpoon at its tip.
but woodpeckers never got to the galapagos, far away from anywhere in the pacific.
insects did though, and their grubs bore into trees here, just as they do everywhere else.
nearby, a bird from another clan of finches uses a slightly different technique.
it selects a rather stouter tool that can be used, not so much for stabbing as for levering.
it gets a lot of rain and so it has a much bigger and richer forest than the galapagos.
but it's so far from any of the major continents that woodpeckers have not got here either.
their size suggests that they're made by much bigger insects than their equivalent on the galapagos.
the new caledonian crow - and crows are among the most intelligent of birds.
0nce again, the sound of a grub gnawing away in its burrow betrays its presence.
and once again, since this grub-hunter hasn't got the long tongue of a woodpecker, a tool is needed.
some of these crows become so attached to one particular tool that they carry it about with them.
this log is clearly a good source of grubs and a whole group of crows have come here to feed.
their technique is neither to stab nor to harpoon, but something more subtle - to irritate.
this grub has got big jaws and, if attacked, it can give a powerful bite.
you might think that this is a recent partnership, but i'll bet when our prehistoric ancestors first dug for tubers and planted seeds in europe one of these little robins appeared within a couple of days.
0ther animals must have done the same job for them before human beings did.
0nce, not so long ago, wild pig were common all over europe, and they're great diggers and rootlers.
so maybe the robin's boldness and friendliness with other kinds of animals started in prehistory, even before human beings arrived in europe.
such partnerships exist all over the world - even in the most unlikely places.
this little bird lives on a small island in the indian 0cean, one of the seychelles:
so small and so isolated that few mammals got here before human beings.
it's not closely related to the european robin, but it behaves just like one.
when europeans first came to the seychelles and saw it, they called it a robin because of its similar habits.
but what partner did it have before human beings came along?
an abundance of water and a warm tropical sun make it a paradise for insects of all kinds.
a kind of fly-catcher - a cattle tyrant, and another obliging partner - a capybara, a large semi-aquatic rodent.
the hide of a hippo may not seem a particularly rich source of insects, but there are little ticks to be had in the various cracks and crannies, and ox-peckers go there to search for them.
they have extremely sharp claws, with two toes pointing forwards and two backwards, so that they can cling at any angle - even on a slippery hippo.
their beaks are flattened so that, with their head held sideways, they can comb through their hosts' hair.
0x-peckers spend all their life on, or closely beside, their animal hosts.
but they also take it directly, pecking at an animal's wounds to keep them open.
when their hosts get irritated, they go back to their toiletry duties, before once again snatching a sip.
so, in spite of having such a specialised life, living on the bodies of mammals, ox-peckers manage to get quite a varied diet.
a maggot here, a tick there, a little sip of blood, perhaps a little tasty earwax.
but there are some birds that literally live on mammals - alive or dead.
they eat them; and those are the birds we'll be looking at in the next programme in this series.
birds are masters of the air and can gather food from anywhere on the land.
but most of the earth is covered with water and so some birds, early in their history, became extremely competent there too, both in it and on it.
these shallow gravelly streams here, in the new zealand alps seem desolate places devoid of any food.
but look at the underside of this pebble i've just picked up;
when you consider that two thirds of the world is covered with water, that's a huge resource.
no group of animals living out of water have developed a wider range of techniques, and indeed tools for, collecting that food than the birds.
this is the wrybill, which only lives here in new zealand.
its extraordinary beak enables it to probe beneath large heavy boulders that it couldn't possibly turn over or even shift.
this one is in yellowstone, in the american west, where hot volcanic springs keep the streams clear of ice in winter, so that the dippers can walk underwater throughout the year.
their dense, oily plumage retains air to such a degree that it forms a silvery cloak around their body and so keeps the birds warm.
the disadvantage of that coat of air is that it makes its wearer very buoyant, and the dipper has to struggle hard to remain below the surface.
they seldom manage to stay underwater for much more than a quarter of a minute at a time.
this is one of the bigger members of the family, the belted kingfisher.
it's the size of a small crow, and lives beside rivers and lakes all over north america.
understandably, it prefers places where the water is clear so it can get a good view of its targets.
having caught the fish, it must now stun it, and to do that the fish has to be head outwards.
this is the african pied kingfisher, and it can launch its dive from high in the sky because, even in completely still air, it can hover.
it's the biggest bird in the world to be able to do this.
it always has to juggle to get its catch off its harpoon.
the darter doesn't have the dipper's problem with buoyancy because its feathers actually absorb water.
birds all over the world have devised all kinds of bizarre solutions to the problem of extracting little fish from shallow pools.
in the swamps of florida, the reddish egret performs an improbable kind of dance.
the idea seems to be to frighten the little fish out of their hiding places.
shading your eyes can help you see what's down there, beneath the reflections.
maybe cutting out reflections is not the only reason for doing this.
many fish prefer to swim beneath an overhanging bank or a tree, so they can't be easily seen from above.
this scything action of its beak enables it to gather tadpoles, beetles and insect larvae, but it must also scare little fish, which then dash off to seek safety.
so it's worthwhile for the black heron to follow the spoonbill around, just in case.
skimming, although it demands flying of the greatest precision, is straightforward enough in principle.
as soon as the lower mandible, ploughing through the surface of the water, touches anything solid, a reflex action will make it snap shut.
that sounds fine, but supposing the beak hits something really big, like a floating twig or, worse, a submerged rock, what then?
well, the fact is, that quite a lot of skimmers have broken mandibles.
whatever the hazards, overall, the technique is a very succesful one.
the chicks have to be fed for six weeks and skimmers are faithful, hardworking parents, bringing food every ten minutes or so, for hours on end when the fishing is good.
mallards must be one of the most familiar birds in the world.
because of that, perhaps we tend to take ducks for granted.
if the food they have spotted is really deep down, they will up-end totally.
if that doesn't get it, it's beyond their reach and that's that.
ducks keep their plumage water-resistant by anointing it with oil from a gland on their rump.
they also keep their feathers clean, soft and pliant by frequent and enthusiastic bathing.
the merganser has webbed feet, like the mallard and all other ducks, but they are placed very far back on the body.
that's the best place to have a propeller from a mechanical point of view, and as a result they can swim quite fast enough to catch small fish.
but they're still covered in down, and that makes swimming underwater very difficult indeed.
they use up far more energy than their streamlined parents do.
the most skilful underwater swimmer of all freshwater birds, however, is the diver.
this is an immature one, that has not yet got its spectacular black and white plumage.
the male finds a fish, but decides to eat that himself.
he's been away a long time and the family is getting hungry.
the crayfish is carefully broken up, and passed over to the chicks a little piece at a time, with great delicacy, and quite a lot of patience.
they get shallower as rivers dump sediment in them, and in the tropics, they may even dry up every year.
as a result, all sorts of delicious things come within reach, as they have in this african pool
the openbill stork has a special liking for mussels, and a special way of opening them.
to start with, they have to be taken on to solid ground.
now the little disc, with which the snail can seal its shell, has to be removed.
as the dry season progresses, yellow-billed storks travel in flocks, from one drying river bed to another.
when the water started to shallow, many of the fish retreated to the main river.
they just hold their beaks open and wait for a fish to blunder into them.
0nly one kind of fish is likely to survive the coming drought.
but it still wriggles and takes quite a bit of swallowing.
0n the margins of the land, the water retreats not just once a year, but twice every day.
that exposes a completely different menu, and birds compete in order to be the first to collect it.
here in california, there are some that take almost suicidal risks in order to do so.
where the coast is less rocky and the beaches are sandier, the waves are less violent.
here birds of several different kinds will assemble, but they are not always in competition.
each collects from a particular place with a particular kind of implement.
the godwits have long beaks with which to probe deeply into the sand for worms, crustaceans and little molluscs.
dowitchers, with shorter beaks, collect the same sort of thing but from nearer the surface.
sanderlings pick up bits and pieces that have just been washed ashore.
0ut in the shallow water, avocets are after shrimps, and other swimming creatures that don't allow themselves to get stranded on the beach.
the avocet holds its bill with the curved section just slightly parted, and as it sweeps it through the water and the mud, small invertebrates are carried into it.
the bill is so sensitive that the avocet feels when something good has arrived, and swallows it.
fish also come into the coastal shallows, seeking the same sort of thing.
boobies live on the coast, but their fishing grounds are way out in the open ocean.
every morning they leave their roosts and set off in small parties to scour the surface of the sea.
they are searching for a pale greenish patch in the blue of the ocean that betrays the presence of a dense shoal of fish.
the fish have been driven to the surface by a shark that is still lunging into the shoal
the bombardment will continue until either the shoal manages to escape downwards, or the fading light of the evening forces the boobies to return to their roost on the coast.
boobies don't actively swim underwater, but members of the auk family, such as these guillemots and puffins, do.
they propel themselves, not with their feet, like ducks, but with their wings, and they have paid a considerable price to be able to do so.
the wings of a booby or a gull are far too long and insufficiently robust to be beaten underwater.
0ne family of birds has taken this development even farther, and one of them lives here...in the galapagos.
we tend to think of penguins as sitting around on ice floes in the freezing waters of the antarctic, so maybe these little penguins sitting right on the equator seem odd to us.
but in fact, these little ones are probably much more like the original ancestral penguin than their giant antarctic cousins.
because those first ancestral penguins certainly flew, as well as dived, as guillemots do today.
and if you were much bigger than this and had a wing shaped like a flipper, which is what all penguins need to swim, you would never get into the air.
so maybe these little ones are more like the first of the penguins.
penguins underwater look somewhat like dolphins and indeed the two families have similar evolutionary histories.
dolphins are descended from air-breathing land animals, just as penguins are descended from air-breathing flying animals.
indeed, the only thing that limits penguins as swimmers, is their need to breathe air.
there is, however, one link that still ties them, and indeed all birds, to the land.
they all have to return there in order to lay their eggs.
for sea birds, the ideal place to do that is a remote island which has very few, or preferably no land-living predators.
i'm on lord howe island, a tiny speck of land 300 miles off the east coast of australia.
human beings only got here little over 200 years ago, and it seems that the birds that nest here are still quite curious to see what's going on.
and these birds which are coming to these calls are providence petrels.
skilled in the air they may be, but they are certainly clumsy and ungainly on land.
when they do come down, they squabble and wrestle furiously with one another.
perhaps they're arguing about who shall have which patch for a nest hole.
it has a tube-nose, and that structure, which it shares with a number of other ocean-going birds, is absolutely crucial to their survival out on the open ocean.
and that is where he is going to go right now.
that tube channels air to a sense organ at the base of the beak which can detect very faint odours.
that's a rare ability among birds, and it enables the tube-noses to find floating food from great distances away.
it's not only the smell of fish oil and offal to which they are sensitive.
it's recently been discovered that when small shrimps and other floating creatures feed on floating plants, algae, those plants release a gas, that in strong concentrations smells a little like rotting seaweed.
no birds exploit the ocean winds with greater skill than the albatrosses.
reading its force with peerless sensitivity, they're able to adjust their immense wings to exploit every tiny updraft deflected from the waves beneath.
so they can glide for long periods without expending any energy at all on flapping.
the wandering albatross rides the violent gales of the southern ocean, and will travel a thousand miles to bring back a cropful of food for its chick.
the chick takes nearly ten months to grow strong enough for an ocean-going life.
so although the albatross, when young, may roam the oceans for several years without touching land, eventually the need to breed brings it down to earth.
0ne bird has managed to break this long obligation to return repeatedly to land to feed its chick.
it's called the ancient murrelet, and it doesn't feed its chick on land at all.
the only place it nests are on islands around the northern rim of the pacific, like canada's queen charlotte islands, where i am now.
and the only time you are likely to see it, is at night.
their parents have gone ahead of them, and are now calling from the sea.
by midnight there are young chicks swarming all over the forest floor.
they keep pedalling, like little clockwork toys, and the same movements that propelled them across the ground now take them out to sea.
in some miraculous way, each chick recognises the sound of its parents' voice.
the ancient murrelet must be the most truly oceanic of all birds.
dawn, and there's not a single one of those little chicks to be seen.
by now they are all at least four miles out to sea, called there by their parents.
sound, of course, is very important in the life of all birds.
for this brown pelican, the problems of bringing new life into the world have started even before the eggs have hatched.
they've had to be kept cool or warm, according to the time of day, and they've had to be defended.
a nest behind a waterfall is excellently concealed but tricky to visit.
nonetheless, these dippers, between them, bring a batch of food to their young every ten minutes.
gouldian finches in australia make their nests in holes in trees.
the disadvantage of doing that is that it may be so gloomy within that it's difficult to see where the chicks are.
and when vibrations made by a parent as it enters tell these still-blind chicks that food is on the way, they quickly provide extra guidance.
with gapes patterned as vividly as this, the parents have no doubt about where to post their food parcels.
their parents started incubating as soon as their first egg was laid.
that, therefore, was the first to hatch and its chick the first to be fed.
so to begin with, there is a difference in size between the chicks.
but rosella parents are scrupulously fair, and they make quite sure that even the youngest gets its proper share of food.
even so, after ten days, the eldest is still the biggest.
but remarkably, it sometimes shares its food with the youngest and the smallest.
three weeks later, in spite of five days' difference in age between the oldest and the youngest, they are all the same size.
rosellas feed their chicks with a regurgitated porridge of chewed-up seeds.
they form a lining in the stomach which protects it from the sharp bones of the fish, which is the main part of a grebe's diet.
when the chicks grow up, they will swallow their own feathers, but now their parents obligingly provide them.
and that's just as well considering the size of the fish that the youngsters are prepared to tackle early on in their young lives.
these open-billed storks, nesting in the sweltering heat of thailand, have also got young chicks.
the adults bring water back to the nest in their crops, and empty it over the featherless chicks.
but showers are not the only things that the chicks need.
it's an idyllic scene - a pair of birds devotedly caring for their chicks in the springtime.
but for the adult birds, this is a very testing time, particularly if, like these coots, you may have as many as nine chicks and the food supply is far from certain.
the little flotilla sets off under the care of both parents.
but the food they prefer comes in very small instalments - tiny shrimps and water insects.
after a time, they concentrate their punishment on one, and to such a degree that it stops begging and so starves to death.
but unless there is a superabundance of food, the persecution goes on.
the last to hatch was always smaller than the other two.
it was always the last to be fed, and now the two older ones turn on it.
and partly because, very rarely, when the fishing is very good, it is possible to raise more than one chick.
so bringing up the young is a very demanding business indeed.
she laid her egg immediately after the female reed warbler laid the last of hers, but it develops much faster and will hatch three or four days before the legitimate eggs do.
the young cuckoo, blind and naked, now deals with the remaining warbler eggs.
two weeks later, the monstrous young cuckoo is so big that it can no longer fit inside the tiny nest.
its brilliantly-coloured gape, together with its call, that mimics the sound of a brood of warbler chicks, constitute a demand for food that the warblers find irresistible.
the european cuckoo's habit is so famous that we tend to think it is the only bird to behave in this way.
but there are birds in half a dozen other families that do so as well.
their offspring will never see them, just as they never saw their parents.
the duckling cannot know that it is quite different from the baby gull which has now hatched out alongside it.
unlike the cuckoo, it makes no further demands on the bird that incubated it.
even though it is only a few hours old, it is perfectly capable of fending for itself.
but when her young have got over that handicap, she solicitously leads them down to water, for that's the only place where they, like most ducklings, can gather food for themselves.
here in british columbia, there is no shortage of lakes, and their mother goes ahead and calls to them to join her.
and having an enlarged family reduces the chances of her own ducklings being taken by a hungry fish or a hawk.
in the end, she may accumulate a flock of twenty or more.
these have made their nest in the rocks thirty feet above the water, high enough to be safe if the river were suddenly to rise.
but that means that these ducklings also have a very hazardous journey to make.
but the ducklings are so buoyant that they float on the surface, and are in no danger of drowning.
nor are they swept away, for, miraculously, they know instinctively how to shelter in the eddies in the lee of a boulder.
they too will have to face a dangerous journey before they can feed.
this pair built their nest within a few yards of a snowy owl's nest.
somehow, these little creatures will have to avoid becoming one more meal for a hungry owl
but they must leave their nest if they are not to starve.
magpie males are very unusual in that normally they will mate with two females, who will both lay in the same nest.
so it is usually three adults, and only occasionally two, that escort their young.
angry and brave the two adults may be, but it's too late.
attacks can come not only from the sky, but, more unexpectedly, from below.
but egrets stand around the fringes of the colony, and they will swiftly seize a chick if it's left unguarded.
a chick is such a good meal that the egrets will even risk stabs from the beak of a parent to get one.
further into the colony, the chicks are surrounded by a great crowd of adults, and are very much safer.
even a few yards from the edge, the egrets face such determined and effective opposition from all directions that they stand little chance of success.
chicks that have the luck to hatch in the very centre are five times more likely to survive than those on the edge.
and there's another way for a bird to protect its chicks.
soon after their eggs hatched, the females left and started nesting again elsewhere.
now the youngsters have gathered in groups several hundred strong, with only just a few males left behind to keep an eye on them.
the job is not too difficult, for the salty waters are full of tiny shrimps that the young stilts can collect for themselves.
for other birds, however, finding food is so difficult that even two parents can't feed their chicks unaided.
farther south in australia, in the eucalyptus woodland, white-winged choughs have that problem.
their young feed on beetle grubs, and those are so difficult to excavate that a pair will need at least two adult helpers to keep one chick fully fed.
and the more helpers they have, the more chicks they can raise.
this chick is almost fully grown and so has a very big appetite.
so having difficulties in raising baby can lead to sociability among adults.
but perhaps the most sociable of all birds, birds that behave almost like a troop of little monkeys, live here in the deserts of the middle east.
they all share the labour of collecting food for the group's chicks.
they also share the responsibilities for defence, taking it in turn to act as sentry.
by creating a commotion, they ensure that everyone is aware of the danger.
they also discomfort the snake and perhaps distract it from hunting.
the sentry goes back to guard duties, and the youngsters start to play among themselves.
many young birds are abandoned by their parents almost as soon as they are capable of flight, so they have little chance to play and gain the skills they will need as adults.
but the babblers form such a coherent group that the juveniles can spend time doing just that.
for the young anhingha in florida, learning through play is essential
0f course, it is important when playing with a stick not to take the game too far.
gannets also fish by diving, and that is a skill that can't be practiced by the young until they can fly.
the seas beside this south african colony are dangerous, and not only because of the pounding surf.
had there been cliffs from which to launch themselves into the air, as there are around many gannet colonies, their first flight would be easier.
flight for young birds is the essential skill, and the penalties of failure can be fatal, so birds do all they can to prepare for it.
the young open-bill storks, now fully grown, are strengthening their flight muscles with regular exercises.
a young hummingbird cautiously practices hovering while still in the nest, even though that makes life somewhat difficult for its sibling.
0n the tundra, the snowy owl chick, still semi-clothed in down, has got plenty of room for practice.
and the surviving brown pelican at last leaves its platform nest.
it joins other youngsters sitting at the edge of the sea.
for nine or ten weeks, it was devotedly fed and protected by its parents, but now it's on its own.
if it in its turn is to raise young, it has many more battles ahead of it out there on the sea and in the air.
life for all birds everywhere can be hard, but some species have become specially adapted to the harshest environments on earth.
how they do so you can see in the next programme, the last in this series about the life of birds.
if you travel by air, it's very important to keep your weight down to a minimum.
you can't afford to carry a lot of fuel around, and what you do carry should be energy-packed and not too bulky.
a blue tit, on the other hand, has a stubbier beak.
that gives it the strength to crack small seeds, but it also prevents its owner from getting them from a teasel
a greenfinch's beak is even stouter and stronger, but it's far from clumsy.
watch how, with the help from its tongue, the bird delicately removes the outer shell of these rosehip seeds.
it gets rid of the broken shell.... ..and now it starts the fiddly operation of removing the husk that covers the kernel
pine trees, these are in california, protect their seeds by enclosing them in cones.
it's the only finch that can twist its upper and lower bill in opposite directions.
now, right at the bottom, it can feel the soft young seed with its tongue.
a crossed bill, however, is not the best implement for digging.
you have to twist your head to one side to get the point into the ground.
but the birds seem to manage to get a sufficiently effective dose to allow them to take daily meals from the pine trees.
seeds in the temperate parts of the world, however, whether they are in pine cones, cherry-stones or acorns, all have a major disadvantage as a food for birds - they're very seasonal
in spring and in summer there's none, and then in the autumn there's a glut.
a single oak tree like this can produce 90,000 acorns in a season.
but there are lots of things apart from birds that eat acorns.
squirrels do, for a start, so if a jay is to collect acorns in the autumn, it will have to do so quickly, before others grab them all.
what is more, when winter comes and it's in need of food, it will remember exactly where most of them are.
in north america, oaks still form huge forests and they produce acorns on an astronomical scale.
there are as many as 60,000 acorns stored in the holes drilled in this one tree.
all the members of this woodpecker family, eight birds in all, use this one tree.
to start with, the birds deposit newly gathered acorns in a hole to allow them to dry off.
then, when they have shrunk as much as they are going to do immediately, they're given individual storage.
they would be easy for someone to steal they might even drop out.
0n the other hand, if they are hammered into a hole that is too tight, the shell could crack and then the acorn would rot.
so maintenance is a never-ending, year-round labour, and it takes a lot of care and judgement.
the result is a great acorn treasury that will last the whole family well into the next harvest.
they're just deep enough to tap the vessels along which the tree transports its sap, and sap is largely what the sap-sucker lives on.
the bird cuts its sap-wells with an accuracy and symmetry that would do credit to the finest cabinet-maker.
it could be that the sap-sucker produces an anti-coagulant in its spittle, but if it does, no one yet has managed to identify it.
even so, each little well eventually runs dry and the bird has to cut another.
these wells have been made in the trunk of a pine tree which produces sap throughout the year.
0ther trees, such as these aspens, only produce sap in quantity in spring and summer.
when the sap-sucker moves on to these, it cuts differently shaped wells.
with this spring increase in the sap supply, new birds appear in the woods.
their appointment is with the rising of the sap and the work of the sap-sucker.
sap is an excellent food - energy rich and easily flicked up with the tongue.
but it can only be collected from many of these northern trees during part of the year.
so when winter approaches, warblers and hummingbirds fly south again to where it's summer all year long.
here in mexico, the sap is taken, not only by birds, but by insects.
the trunks of many of the trees seem to be sprouting long hairs.
at the end of each, there's a tiny drop of liquid.
the hair is a tube projecting from the rear of an insect lying beneath the bark drinking sap.
but the insect gets more sugar than it needs, so it excretes the excess.
and that is what the hummingbirds, with exquisite accuracy, manage to collect.
their meals, however, come in such small instalments that feeding has to be almost continuous.
it takes about an hour for a drop to accumulate at the end of a tube, so to get enough to sustain themselves, the hummingbirds have to travel from one to another on a regular round throughout the day.
plants produce other edible things as well as seeds and fruit and sap.
they sprout leaves, but in truth leaves are not very good food.
cows, having grazed, lie down and bring up each mouthful for a second grinding chew.
no bird does that - you can't chew with a beak.
but instead of digesting the grass intensively, they eat a very great deal of it and get rid of what they can't digest almost immediately.
the appetite of geese is apparently never-ending, and a flock of them, like these barnacles, will work its way across a meadow nibbling non-stop with almost feverish speed.
like a cow it has two compartments to its stomach, the second of which is full of bacteria that help ferment its meals.
in consequence it's a bulky bird and positively clumsy in the air.
their tongues, instead of being hard and leathery, have a feathery brushy tip so they can lap up the nectar.
and the plants, when they have a need for a messenger, advertise the fact by producing flowers with particularly bright petals.
having collected all the nectar immediately available on one tree, the lorikeets move off in a flock to feed at another, carrying the pollen they collected with them.
but they take nectar from many different kinds of flowers, and if, as here, the plant they next visit happens to be a different one the pollen they're carrying will be wasted.
the plants way of reducing that risk is to recruit an exclusive service with couriers who, during their flowering season, will visit them alone.
here in south africa, this species of heather encloses its nectar in a "floral safe"
and every time it does, it triggers a little explosion of pollen.
when the bird drinks at another heather plant, some of that pollen will be brushed off and the heather will have achieved its end.
but bird and flower can fit one another more closely than that.
0n mount kenya, there's a sunbird with an even more strongly curved bill
the gold colour is entirely due to pollen which is stamped on it when the bird thrusts deeply into the flower.
the devices used by plants to restrict their payments to their employees may, if taken to extremes, defeat the object of the exercise.
it knows exactly where the nectar is stored, and it knows a quick way of getting it, too.
its tongue is flicking into the nectary at the top of the flower's trumpet so that nectar is channelled down its lower bill into its throat.
the datura has even longer flower trumpets, but they are robbed just as easily.
here in south america, hummingbirds are the main collectors of nectar, and they will collect it any way they can.
using a break-in by a flower-piercer is as good a way as any other, as far as they're concerned.
the trumpet of the datura flower is so long that you might think that nothing could drink from it - legally, as it were.
and only one bird can - the sword-billed hummer, which has the longest beak in relation to its body of any bird in the world.
a plant only flowers for a short period each year, so a nectar drinker has to have a succession of suppliers.
their tongues have become threads that flick in and out a dozen times a second, but they're virtually useless for collecting any other kind of food.
where most plants tend to bloom at the same time of the year, neither the suppliers nor the drinkers of nectar can be so specialised.
so the coral tree, blooming in thailand, has no alternative but to be generous and offer its nectar in a free and open way.
this delectable seasonal treat attracts all kinds of birds from far and wide.
such a large and varied clientele is pretty well bound to do the job required of them.
after they are pollinated, plants produce seeds and then many engage other birds to distribute them.
that, by and large, is heavier work, and the payments they offer for that are made with a different currency - fruit.
hornbills are on their way to do a job for a fig tree in the indonesian rain forest.
in northern europe and america, waxwings gorge themselves on autumn berries.
a plant wraps its seeds in the minimum flesh needed to persuade the bird to swallow them.
in new zealand, kokakos are great berry eaters and distribute the seeds of many of the plants of their native forest.
in south america, tiny wild avocados are the special favourite of one of the most dazzling of birds - the quetzal
the avocados may be small, but they're still too big for the quetzal to swallow.
so the stones are ejected, not from the back end, but from the front.
the bird has had a good meal, and the avocado has had some of its seeds carried to a new site.
there are other things for birds to eat in a forest apart from the products of plants.
its beak is just as efficient at demolishing an ant's nest as it is at drilling into wood, and the bird seems totally indifferent to the ants' sting.
the feathers of its tail, like those of all woodpeckers, are particularly stiff so that they can serve as a prop.
insects did though, and their grubs bore into trees here, just as they do everywhere else.
but no galapagos birds have the physical adaptations with which to reach them.
there's a grub under there somewhere - it can hear it.
but how, without the long tongue of a woodpecker, can it get it out?
the new caledonian crow - and crows are among the most intelligent of birds.
0nce again, the sound of a grub gnawing away in its burrow betrays its presence.
and once again, since this grub-hunter hasn't got the long tongue of a woodpecker, a tool is needed.
to contact this grub, the stick will have to be thrust in really deeply.
this log is clearly a good source of grubs and a whole group of crows have come here to feed.
their technique is neither to stab nor to harpoon, but something more subtle - to irritate.
0ther animals must have done the same job for them before human beings did.
0nce, not so long ago, wild pig were common all over europe, and they're great diggers and rootlers.
so maybe the robin's boldness and friendliness with other kinds of animals started in prehistory, even before human beings arrived in europe.
such partnerships exist all over the world - even in the most unlikely places.
this little bird lives on a small island in the indian 0cean, one of the seychelles:
so small and so isolated that few mammals got here before human beings.
it's not closely related to the european robin, but it behaves just like one.
when europeans first came to the seychelles and saw it, they called it a robin because of its similar habits.
0nce there was a large population of these giant tortoises on several islands in the seychelles.
they weigh several hundredweight and those huge legs dig into the ground with every step.
a kind of fly-catcher - a cattle tyrant, and another obliging partner - a capybara, a large semi-aquatic rodent.
as the capybara moves around it inevitably disturbs insects of some kind or another, and what better place for an insect-eater to spot them than sitting on the back of one.
a few of these partnerships between birds and other kinds of animals have become very intimate indeed.
the hide of a hippo may not seem a particularly rich source of insects, but there are little ticks to be had in the various cracks and crannies, and ox-peckers go there to search for them.
they have extremely sharp claws, with two toes pointing forwards and two backwards, so that they can cling at any angle - even on a slippery hippo.
land animals with hair on their hide are likely to be more productive ground.
sometimes they get it by swallowing ticks that are bloated with blood.
but they also take it directly, pecking at an animal's wounds to keep them open.
when their hosts get irritated, they go back to their toiletry duties, before once again snatching a sip.
so, in spite of having such a specialised life, living on the bodies of mammals, ox-peckers manage to get quite a varied diet.
a maggot here, a tick there, a little sip of blood, perhaps a little tasty earwax.
but there are some birds that literally live on mammals - alive or dead.
they eat them; and those are the birds we'll be looking at in the next programme in this series.
birds are the most accomplished aeronauts the world has ever seen.
there are also small furry mammals, bats, like these in texas.
they are so competent in the air that they have just made a journey from mexico, a thousand miles away, simply in order to rear their young in this cave, which is particularly suitable for them as a nursery.
just now they are flying out to catch their evening meal of insects.
but they had better be careful, because in the skies above them there lurks a creature that can outfly them.
bats with their fluttering zig-zag flight are not easy targets, and a hawk needs all its aerobatics skills and powers of concentration if it is to snatch one out of the confusing multitude.
that is one bat that will not return to the roost tonight.
the red-tail lives beside the cave and is well practised in bat-catching.
this prairie falcon, on the other hand, is a visitor, but it's learning fast.
some insects, of course, have powerful weapons with which to defend themselves.
but a bee-eater certainly knows how to deal with a bee.
dragonflies first flew around 350 million years ago and insects had the skies to themselves for 150 million years thereafter.
and then a different kind of animal joined them in the air.
as the dinosaurs dominated the land, so the pterosaurs now ruled the skies.
pterosaurs had wings of skin, stretched between one enormously elongated finger and their flanks.
the mud turned to limestone and eventually became exposed in great quarries like this one in southern germany.
today, separating the layers of sediment is just like searching through the pages of a visitor's book that hasn't been opened for 150 million years.
and a pterosaur with skinny wings and teeth in its jaws.
with so many superb fossils, people thought that they had a complete list of the visitors to the lagoon.
this asymmetry is a sure sign that such feathers were used for flight.
but what animal at the time of the dinosaurs could have such a wing?
feathers are made of keratin, as are the scales that many birds still have on their legs, and reptiles all over their body.
a scaly coat must be very hot, so reptiles, like this skink, have to seek shade during the hottest part of the day.
but if the scales became fibrous, they could be fluffed up to let in cooling air during the day, and closed down to trap insulating air for warmth at night.
so it is not difficult to believe that scales eventually became transformed into feathers.
when it is threatened by its enemies, it responds by spreading the great frill it has around its neck.
but if that doesn't scare them off, it runs away, on its hind legs.
it has developed wings that are flaps of skin supported by elongated ribs.
if that early enterprising reptile with feathery scales did have specially long ones on its arms, then they too would have enabled it to glide from tree to tree.
maybe its arm muscles were even strong enough to allow it to make a few flaps to help it on its way.
archaeopteryx was certainly well-equipped for climbing, for its wings still carried three fingers, each ending with a hooked claw, ideal for clinging on to twigs.
and there are birds today with very similar ones that give a clear hint as to how it might have used them.
these are young hoatzin, sitting on their nest in a south american swamp, still guarded by their parents.
a hoatzin chick has an adventurous disposition and starts clambering about when it's only a few days old.
the hooks on its front limbs are obviously very useful in keeping it secure until such a time as they become feathered and reliable wings.
well, this fossilised bird has a beak, and it was found in china recently.
it's only a little younger than archaeopteryx, so it seems that the change took place quickly.
and it must have made flight much more efficient for it prevented a bird from being nose-heavy and significantly reduced its overall weight.
by 50 million years ago, the dynasty of birds was firmly established.
at that time, a great lake lay here in central germany.
it's long since dried out, and the layers of mud from its floor have turned into shales.
excavations like the one that's going on here have revealed just how varied the birds had become.
this one has been set in yellow resin to make its details quite clear.
0ther fossils from these shales show that several families of modern birds were already established.
this was a water bird, possibly an ancestor of today's jacana.
it would have found plenty of insects among the floating leaves on the lake.
there were birds with powerful chisel-like bills, perhaps woodpeckers, that even in this early period had started excavating insects from trees nearby.
another inhabitant of those prehistoric woods had a stubbier, more all-purpose beak, rather like finches do today.
there were tall birds with long powerful legs that hunted for small reptiles on the ground as the south american seriama does.
and there was a gigantic vulture with a wingspan of over 20 feet, bigger even than that of the andean condor and probably the biggest flying bird that has ever existed.
there were even birds which, judging from their skeletons, were as agile in the air as their probable descendants, the frigate birds.
flightless birds of a comparable size still exist and can give us some idea of what it looked like.
this, the ostrich, is the biggest and heaviest bird alive today.
it is probably not closely related to those monstrous feathered hunters of prehistory, but together with the emu of australia and the rhea of south america, it belongs to a very ancient family of birds that abandoned flight a very long time ago.
it relies for its defence on speed and, in the interests of its efficiency as a runner, its toes have been reduced to two.
if pursued, it can sprint at over 40 miles an hour.
but although it is now flightless, it still has many of the physical characters evolved by its ancestors that enabled them to fly.
their only function now is as insulating blankets, to keep out the cold at night and the heat during the day.
0striches have become grazers, the bird equivalent of antelope or horses.
just as they inherited feathers from their flying ancestors, so they also inherited a lightweight, horny beak instead of a heavy jaw laden with teeth.
and without teeth, they need another way to grind up their food.
but while some birds were abandoning flight, some mammals were becoming formidable hunters.
0striches with their superb eyesight and tall necks are able to keep a sharp lookout for approaching danger.
the cheetah has to calculate very carefully whether it's worthwhile chasing something... ..and an ostrich, usually, is not.
it is so very fast, and even if it's caught, it has little meat on it compared with a similar sized mammal
0nce in the water, however, it's a very efficient mover indeed.
the position of its legs right at the back of its body that made it so clumsy on land is ideal for propelling it through the water at speed and helps it to catch all the fish it needs.
this is new caledonia in the western pacific, and this is its special bird, the kagu.
its ancestors must certainly have arrived here by air, but since new caledonia had no ground predators until recently, they gave up flying and today the kagu is virtually flightless.
it finds all its food on the ground in the leaf litter.
it's been here so long that it's difficult to be sure exactly who its ancestors were, but they were probably herons.
0n the continents, they tend to lurk shyly in the undergrowth to keep out of trouble.
but some, somehow, have also managed to reach a great number of islands and there they seem to have no fear at all.
the first land-living mammals to get here were human beings and they didn't arrive until a mere 1500 years ago.
so here you can still glimpse what the world would have been like if the birds had won that battle with the early mammals and now ruled the earth, for here they once did.
many of new zealand's birds flew here from australia, 15,000 miles away across the sea to the west.
they started to do so millions of years ago, and they are still doing so today.
so if you know australian birds, you will recognise quite a lot, particularly those that are relatively recent arrivals.
the new zealand pigeon is not all that much different from australian ones.
there are lots of parrots in australia so it's not surprising that some of them in the past should have found their way here.
most of these birds have still not learned that mammals are dangerous.
the new zealand bush is full of food, of one kind or another.
and as the birds once had it all to themselves, some were able to adopt diets and ways of life that elsewhere were claimed by mammals.
asian squirrels, using a skinny parachute stretched between their legs, are able to glide as well.
and that is very much how the kokako gets around in the trees.
having glided down to the lower branches, it runs back up them and jumps from one to the other.
so if the kokako, up in the trees, feeds in the same way as a squirrel might do, what lives and feeds like a mammal on the ground?
its tiny vestigial wings are invisible, buried in its plumage and it has lost all sign of a tail
if the kiwis live in a patch of forest close by the sea, then in the evening they may come down on to the beach to look for these:
and that will give us a chance, a rare chance, to see them out in the open.
to do so properly, we have to use our special starlight camera.
the kiwi is hunting along the strand line where there are lots of hoppers feeding on the decaying seaweed.
its sense of smell is so acute it can pick out the largest juiciest hoppers deep in the sand without even seeing them.
its feathers are just filaments, so that it almost looks as though it is covered with coarse fur.
probing sand with your nostrils is all very well, but it does clog them up, and so you need to blow them clear every now and then.
well, not far from here, bones like this have been dug up.
it's obviously a leg-bone, and at first sight you might think it was a leg-bone of a mammal, say perhaps, a cow.
but when you look at it closely you can see that it's got a honeycomb structure.
it's a bird bone, but the bone of a very big bird indeed, as we know from the rest of its skeleton.
among them were the tallest birds that ever existed, that weighed over 200 kilos, 400lbs.
there were about a dozen different species of varying size and weight.
up on the high moorlands, there were smaller species with thicker feathers to keep them warm.
the absence of mammals didn't mean that the moas had no enemies.
the only prey that was abundant enough to sustain such a giant were other birds and it's probable that it was able to tackle even the biggest moa.
its talons were certainly long enough to stab right through a moa's flesh and into its pelvis, as some of the bones show.
apart from bats which flew here, the first to arrive were those most dangerous of all, human beings.
they hunted the moas for meat and soon they had hunted them to extinction.
but a different kind of flightless bird does still survive, up in these high mountains.
like so many of new zealand's native birds that had abandoned flight, it had no defence against the alien mammals that europeans brought with them and that soon escaped and ran wild.
rats ate their eggs and killed the chicks, and cats and stoats massacred the adults.
there was a giant flightless coot that was originally very common.
but it got scarcer and scarcer and by the middle of the nineteenth century, it was thought to be totally extinct.
and then, just 50 years ago, someone in these remote valleys found something like this.
indeed, when only her lovely moss-green back is visible, she is well camouflaged from her only native enemy, a bird of prey, circling overhead.
0nly about forty pairs of takahe survive today in the wild.
the takahe's technique is to pull up a whole stem and then nibble just the bottom inch or so.
that's where most minerals and sugars are and it's the only bit tender enough to be easily cut.
0nly then will it be strong enough and skilled enough to feed entirely by itself.
now it's summer, but when winter comes, life will be even tougher.
then the pools freeze over and the tussock has no fresh shoots, even if they could be reached beneath the snow.
then the takahe is reduced to digging for tubers in the freezing earth.
so the birds' continued survival up in these barren moorlands is by no means assured.
0ne other flightless bird found refuge from mammals in these high mountains;
it lived in very much the same way as rabbits do.
it created tracks through its territory generation after generation, trudging along here and feeding by plucking these grasses and eating the succulent base.
this particular path runs under this bush and continues upwards along the highest edge of this narrow ridge.
the track leads to this shallow bowl, and there are others like it spaced out along the track.
and then in the night, he would come here and, crouching low, make a deep booming call which echoed out across these valleys, summoning the females to come to him.
but there were no females seen after the 1970s up here.
a female has clambered up into the top of the bushes, looking for fresh shoots and fruit.
her dappled green plumage camouflages her against attacks from falcons, but even so, she won't dare to venture into the topmost branches until it's dark.
nightfall, and now we need our starlight camera to see what's happening.
by midnight the male has plodded his way right to the summit of his mountain.
the female has found what she wants up in the branches.
she will need all the most nourishing food she can find if she is to produce an egg.
even at the best of times, she will not be able to accumulate enough bodily reserves to lay every year.
the male begins to inflate air-sacs on his chest that will act as resonators and so amplify his calls, sending them booming out across the valley.
but then in the last two seasons, seven young kakapo were successfully hatched.
maybe the species will come back from the brink of extinction after all.
0f course, only a minority of new zealand's birds have become flightless.
most, like these handsome spotted shags, have retained that characteristic talent of birds, the ability to travel by air, and worldwide, birds have exploited that ability to an extraordinary degree.
it is saying, "i'm ready to mate and i have got a great place for a nest".
some birds send the same message but use an additional medium:
not just sound but vision, as these frigate birds are doing.
their visual signal is normally an inconspicuous patch of shrivelled skin on the throat.
males who haven't yet got a nest keep a close eye on developments.
the female leaves, and one of the homeless males decides to make a challenge.
after the dancing, more gift-giving.... weed from the bottom of the lake, a sample of what the couple intend to contribute when they make their nest together.
a male swallow-tailed gull also declares his intentions with a down-payment on the nest.
these powerful bills are quite strong enough to injure anything or anyone that dares to interfere with the birds.
but now, as the pair sit together on their nest site, they are used to deliver the most tender of caresses.
if both partners perform without mistakes and in harmony, then, at last, there comes the most intimate act of all.
mating in birds can be a very quick business, no more than a brief meeting of genital openings.
for most birds, the pair will now stay together for several weeks, if not for several years.
in the case of these waved albatross in galapagos, they will stay together for the rest of their lives.
and that, when you come to think of it, is very unusual
insects don't stay together, frogs and toads don't, lizards and snakes don't.
it's not so much the affection that one bird has for the other, as the concern it has for its own genes, which are in the egg the two produced together.
if, without jeopardising those, either bird could find a way of spreading its genes more widely, the evidence suggests they would take it.
it is the staple diet for hummingbirds, and jamaica has many different species of them.
the male streamer-tailed hummer is a vigorous and aggressive creature, and a particularly strong individual will take control of an entire tree.
they are relatively plain creatures, lacking the long streamer-like tails of the male.
there is so much nectar around that when the time comes they will be able to feed their chicks single-handed.
as soon as one appears, he shows off in front of her with a special courtship flight.
he erects little tufts like ears on either side of his head.
a good secure home can also be a very effective lure with which to attract a female.
red-headed weavers in africa often nest in colonies and when they do, the females, who have yellow heads, keep an eye on which male is building what before committing themselves.
but there are lots of females around, and as soon as she's settled in, he starts building another nest.
in fact, this particularly skilled and industrious male has already built three earlier nests, each of which now holds chicks that he has fathered.
each female, by choosing him as a mate, has provided her young with the best genetic inheritance available.
and he, by keeping on building, has quadrupled the number of his offspring.
but some birds construct even bigger buildings to impress females, and to see the most spectacular of all, you have to come to the dense forests of the islands north of australia.
some females can be persuaded to mate for rewards that are more abstract than mere food and lodging.
there's a kind of bird here in new guinea whose females select a male, not because he is a better meal-ticket, but because he is a better artist.
how else would you describe this wonderful construction except as a work of art?
his hut, almost big enough for me to crawl into, is neither a home nor a nursery.
it is a gallery in which he can display his artistic creations to visiting females.
the iridescent wing cases of beetles also appeal to him, and he has amassed an impressive collection.
but they are always in need of a little rearrangement to show them off to their very best advantage.
a hundred yards away, there is another one built by another male of the same species, who has a slightly different artistic sense.
if a female decides this is the best selection of jewels, then she will mate with the owner.
so here, where living is easy, a female is not bowled over by practical things such as food or accommodation.
it's beauty that wins her heart, and beauty can be found not only in jewels but in costumes.
it's a hazardous business exposing yourself like this, even if you can fly.
you are making yourself an easy target for a hawk, and there are many around on these grasslands in kenya.
evidently the additional matings a male gets from displaying in this dangerous fashion make the risk worthwhile.
up in the frozen north, on the arctic tundra, life is altogether too rigorous to allow such extravagance.
there's not room on this part of the tundra for two.
so competing for mates only too often leads to physical violence.
some males make the job of the females in choosing between them easier by gathering together and displaying in groups.
and there is one bird in the canopy of the brazilian rainforest here who has perhaps the oddest way of trying to impress the females.
the skin surrounding the sacs is so thin that, as they inflate, you can see right through them.
this assembly is a hundred feet above the ground, high in the canopy, so high that very few people have ever seen the birds performing this extraordinary chorus, let alone film it.
the top male, with, presumably, the best voice, occupies the best site - a forked branch totally free of leaves.
the females look exactly the same as the males, as you might expect since the males are not using special costumes to compete with one another.
call as they might, none of the males on other branches get a look in.
the calfbird has a cousin whose males also display in groups.
each now has the problem of how to persuade her to land beside him, and a cock of the rock's idea for doing that is to bounce competitively.
they adjust their positions slightly to try and stay in a patch of sunshine if they possibly can.
by gathering together, the males make sure that the females know where the marriage market is, but the price of doing so is that only one or two males will make a sale.
in just a few species, however, the males in a neighbourhood don't compete with one another, but collaborate to form a team.
because if something happens to the captain, one of them will have the chance to inherit his position.
it may not be a large chance, but it is better than performing solo and having no chance at all.
that's enough to show how expert they are, so the captain dismisses his assistants with another special call.
if the lady decides to accept him, she will mate with him nearby.
but not all polygamous birds are so neglectful of their parental duties.
here on the pampas of argentina lives another male with many wives who takes his nursery duties very seriously indeed.
and one of the females with whom he mated yesterday is now ready to lay.
she settles down within a yard or so of the nest.
in almost any other species, you would be right to think that the bird with the brighter markings on its head and neck is the male.
and that judgment will be reinforced when you see two brighter birds fighting in front of a duller coloured one.
now it will be up to him, and him alone, to incubate the eggs and look after the chicks.
no one really understands why the phalaropes, almost alone among birds, have reversed the role of the sexes.
an indication that this is the basis of their relationship is that the sexes are broadly similar in appearance.
but even so, living as a pair doesn't preclude a little infidelity, now and then.
this is her mate, alpha, singing lustily, declaring his ownership of the nest and the territory around it from which he gathers food.
the pair often feed together, a devoted couple if ever you saw one.
she joins him, and now, while alpha is preoccupied with feeding, she and beta get together.
twirling her tail is an invitation, and in a split second they mate.
but it is here in the south east woodlands of australia that infidelity reaches its most astounding, indeed, you might think, its ultimate height.
and it occurs among the families of this dazzling little bird... the superb fairy wren.
he is an attentive male, courting his female with little gifts of food.
but there are other males around, identifiable by the different rings on their legs.
but her first, established male, is not around to see all this.
he is visiting a female neighbour, and what is more, he's carrying a bouquet, a flower petal, something he never does at home.
so the female fairy wren chooses the flashiest males to father her chicks, and allows her partner only just enough matings to ensure he helps to feed the family.
and the males, while they may have chicks in as many as six nests around here, may not have a single one in the nest that they actually tend.
among swans, as amongst most birds, male and female stay together.
and by a combination of bonding with one another and driving away any who try to interfere with the partnership, they stay together.
male and female conduct their courtship on equal terms, and when they are convinced they are compatible, they work together to build a nest.
protected on most sides by water, and with a strong and aggressive mate to see off intruders, these swans will probably hatch their egg successfully.
but for many birds, they are now entering on the most difficult part of their lives.
they will have to employ all kind of ingenious stratagems if they are to raise a family, as we will see in the next programme in the life of birds.
40 feet up, a bend in the trunk makes a perfect platform for a take-off.
these shearwaters will spend most of their lives in the air.
this particular species is exceptional in nesting in woodland, most of them nest right on the edge of cliffs and all of them get into the air by the simple method of simply falling into space.
the land birds, on the other hand, have much greater problems.
and a bird as big as an albatross can't do it at all.
it has to use yet another way of getting into the air.
for the majority of birds the most exhausting part of flight is now over.
those shearwaters achieved it by climbing trees, the pigeon jumped and flapped, and aeroplanes and albatross did it by running and creating a flow of air over their wings.
when they do actually get into the air, a bird's flight seems almost effortless.
and when you watch a really superb flyer like these albatross, then they seem to be defying the law of nature.
as the bird glides forward, the air flowing under the wing is impeded by the wing's downward curve.
so it becomes slightly compressed and that pushes the wing up.
at the same time, the air flowing across the top of the wing is deflected upwards by the wing's front edge so reducing its pressure.
if the air is moving fast enough, then the slight suction from above combined with the push from beneath will be enough to lift the bird into the air, as it did during take-off, and ample to keep it aloft, as it's doing now.
the trick is to make sure that the air does flow over the wing sufficiently quickly.
upward air currents can also sustain a bird in flight and that is just what are created when breezes, blowing in from the sea, hit a cliff.
if they are really strong, such up-draughts can be so powerful that they alone will keep an albatross in the air.
0ut at sea, the waves deflect the wind upwards in somewhat smaller gusts and the albatross is so skilful that it can sail on them for hours with scarcely a movement of its wings.
this knot is 'rowing' through the air, stretching its wings forwards, and beating them downwards.
0n the upstroke it half-folds them, to reduce their surface area and therefore their resistance to the air.
the feathers on its wing slide smoothly over one another so that although the wing is continuously changing shape, its surface remains perfectly smooth and streamlined.
its body is also streamlined by its coat of feathers, and its feet are pressed against its tail so that drag is kept to a minimum.
this mallard is flying at nearly 40 miles an hour, but its streamlining is so perfect that there is scarcely a ruffle to its feathers.
it's only from behind that you notice the little flicks of the feathers over its tail and the back edge of its wings which show just how fast it's travelling.
to see just how important streamlining is, and how much energy it can save, just watch this osprey as it goes fishing.
to take off again, with the fish in its talons, the bird has to beat its wings with all the strength it can muster.
but even now it is in the air, the fish hanging broadside.
it creates so much drag that the osprey has great difficulty in making any headway at all.
a big bird like a pelican creates a trail of turbulence in the air and this can give a following bird lift.
the effect is at its greatest directly behind a bird's wing-tip, so that is the best place for a following bird to fly.
pelicans also save some 20% of their energy by mixing flapping with gliding.
aerodynamically it's more profitable for a bird to time its flaps with those of the bird ahead.
so it is the pelicans who give breathtaking displays of synchronised formation flying.
the most economical way of flying, however, is to draw almost all the energy you need directly from the sun.
as it warms the ground in the morning, the rocks reflect its heat and shimmering columns of air, thermals, begin to rise.
griffin vultures in spain now leave the ledges on the cliffs where they have spent the night and launch themselves into the air.
with the thermals rising powerfully beneath their outstretched wings they sail effortlessly upwards.
all they have to do is to make sure that they remain within the column of warm air.
if you look over there, you can see all those cumulus clouds.
underneath most of those there would be a thermal, and that's one of those indicators of lift, that's one thing we look for, and that's what birds look for also when they fly, i'm sure.
the pressure on the wings is actually bending them, isn't it?
the spar is slightly flexible, so when you develop more lift, the spar actually bends upwards a little bit.
that requires less energy, but perhaps more skill if disaster is to be avoided, particularly if you are a big bird like a pelican.
a swan, one of the heaviest of flying birds, can only come down on the smoothest and most forgiving of natural surfaces; water.
most birds, however, have to come down with much greater precision than that.
they may have to land, after all, on a narrow ledge or a very thin branch.
it aims for a point below its nest and then brakes by swooping upwards so that as it arrives at its ledge its forward speed is zero.
landing into the wind helps any bird by keeping air flowing over the wings and maintaining lift until the last moment.
so, one way or another, birds manage to complete an operation fraught with danger, with virtually total success.
as anyone who has had to pay for excess baggage at an airport knows, if you travel by air, it is important to keep your weight down.
they also have weight-saving features inside their bodies, a skeleton with fewer bones than a mammal's, no tail-bone, one wing-bone instead of five fingers, and a slim pelvis fused to the backbone.
and the bones themselves are not solid like a mammal's, but hollow.
inside they have a lattice of cross-struts so they are nonetheless very strong.
but the most remarkable weight-saving features of all are those things that only birds possess:
the quills are hollow and very light, yet resilient and extremely strong.
the filaments on either side of the quills are fringed with microscopic hooks that link them to their neighbours so that they all latch together to form a continuous surface.
the sword-billed hummingbird has a beak that is so long that there is no way that its tip can touch its feathers.
it has to comb its plumage with one foot while balancing on its perch with the other.
most birds take one every day and, watching them doing so, it's difficult to avoid coming to the conclusion that they enjoy it just as much as we do.
not all birds, of course, can get to water that is deep enough for bathing.
then, like the quail that lives on dry plains and during the summer seldom finds so much as a puddle, they may have to use dust.
this may not exactly make them cleaner, but it does, apparently, help in dislodging parasites such as lice that nibble their feathers, mites that scavenge bits of dead skin and ticks that suck their blood.
many parrots and cockatoos grow special feathers that fray at the end into a fine powder.
these feathers are scattered throughout the plumage, and as a bird such as a cockatoo scratches itself at the end of its toilet, the powder is dislodged in clouds and is caught in its ruffled feathers.
exactly how this powder improves the feathers is not really certain, but it is probable that it helps with waterproofing as well as by discouraging parasites.
parasites, in fact, are such a problem that some birds are thought to recruit assistants to help in getting rid of them.
it may be that the birds are stimulating the ants to get rid of their formic acid so that they are more digestible as meals.
regular, meticulous maintenance is essential for maximum efficiency and safety in the air, and that applies to everything that flies.
well, that was about 500 miles an hour and of course birds can't equal that.
but nonetheless, before aeroplanes were invented, a bird was the fastest living thing in the air.
the barn owl, on the other hand, owes its success as a hunter to its ability to fly extremely slowly.
it hunts voles and mice and, to find them in the grass it has to search very intently, and that takes time.
but the barn owl also has a very special adaptation for this kind of hunting.
the rodents it seeks are often invisible from the air, hidden beneath the matted grass.
the barn owl detects them by the rustling sounds they make.
to do that, it has extremely acute hearing, the sounds being focused by the hair-like feathers of the discs on either side of its head.
so, in the evenings, a barn owl can waft over the countryside as silent as a moth.
this little dot, suspended in the sky, might seem to be the slowest flyer of all.
it's spotted something, a quick turn into the wind, and a drop;
a turn back to face the wind for a stationary check;
their wings work in a way quite unlike that used by any other birds.
they beat routinely 25 times a second, so fast that they make the humming noise that gives them their name.
it is impossible to see how they operate unless the camera slows them down.
the wings have become, in effect, twirling blades that create down-draughts, rather like those that man produces with his hovering machines.
helicopters, however, have a very special device, a wheel revolving continuously on an axle.
no bird or any other animal has yet evolved a mechanism that can exactly parallel this.
unlike the wings of other birds, they are symmetrical in cross-section and work equally well with either surface uppermost.
by changing the angle of the beat, the thrust can be directed not only downwards, but either forwards or backwards.
so a hummingbird, steering with its tail, can move through the air in any direction.
beating wings at such speed, however, uses a lot of fuel
this is a particular problem in the andes, where the nights can be very cold indeed.
as evening comes on, the hillstar hummingbird makes its way to its regular roosting place, in a cave.
after its regular toilet, it settles down for the night, and in effect turns off all its motors.
its heart, that in flight contracted a thousand times a minute, slows until its beat is virtually undetectable.
its body temperature falls dramatically and its breathing seems to cease altogether.
it is doing what a hedgehog does in winter, it is hibernating.
any larger and it couldn't beat its wings fast enough for this kind of flight.
and this is one of the smallest of all birds, the purple-collared woodstar from ecuador with a wingspan of scarcely more than two inches.
indeed this moth looks so like a tiny hummingbird that some people in the south of england, where it appears regularly in the summer, think that they have been visited by a real hummer.
the ability to fly gave birds the freedom of the planet.
rivers, deserts, seas, even mountain ranges are no obstacle to them as they are to land-bound creatures such as ourselves.
they can fly relatively easily and quickly to collect a sudden glut of food.
they nested almost as soon as they arrived and many have already got families.
even hummingbirds have come up to the far north to collect nectar from the bushes that are now briefly blooming within sight of glaciers.
0n the arctic coasts, little waders, western sandpipers, are collecting a rich harvest of small worms that are swarming in the mud.
in the middle of the continent, on the prairies, sorghum and other grain crops are ripening in the summer sun.
dickcissels, relatives of the common sparrow, have come up here to take their percentage.
the warm weather has caused swarms of insects to hatch and they provide the dickcissels with the protein that is essential for the nourishment of their swiftly growing young.
the sandpipers are stocking up for the 6,000 mile journey that lies ahead of them.
they eat so voraciously that they will nearly double their weight, putting on layers of fat on their upper thighs and their flanks.
they even shrink their internal organs, partially absorbing them as though they were food reserves and replacing them with more readily available fat.
they must wait for the right weather conditions, and then, when the wind blows strongly from the north, they set off.
but the weather they require for their journeys is rather different.
they need a good hot day when the thermals are shimmering upwards from the rocks that are still warming in the late summer sun.
as the last thermals of summer start to rise, the birds circle up to great heights, 10,000 feet or more, to give themselves a good start for the long journey ahead.
as they glide southwards, slowly losing height, they will look for another thermal and make for its base so that once again they will be lifted high enough to reach the next.
they will travel continuously for great lengths of time, both through the day and the night.
the raptors, however, have had to stop to overnight in a roost.
0ne of them has been recorded as covering an astonishing 1,700 miles in a mere 70 hours.
these fields in california will be their home until they return north on their spring migration.
but they will spend only a few days here for this is merely a refuelling stop.
they feed intensively, replacing the fat reserves that they have lost.
the raptors, so conscious of the nature of the land beneath them that generates thermals on which they depend, also look to it for their signposts.
they are now passing mexico's highest mountain, the pico de 0rizaba.
there are no thermals to be found over the sea, so they are tied to the land, and that means they have to go all the way round the western side of the gulf of mexico.
there is, of course, a short cut, directly south across the sea.
astonishingly, the little ruby-throat hummingbird tackles that 500 mile long journey.
it must necessarily be non-stop for a hummingbird cannot land on the water.
so, if conditions are good, it could make the crossing by flying for a little over 18 hours.
but that is right on the very limit of its endurance.
it still has several hundred miles to go and may travel as far as the panama border.
the hawks and vultures, travelling round the western side of the gulf, have now reached panama city.
they came from all over north america, converged on the isthmus and travelled together down that narrow corridor of land so that now, for the only time each year, they form dense flocks.
below, on the mud of panama bay, the sandpipers are feeding.
how they co-ordinate their flight in these extraordinary concentrations, changing direction within it, as if with one mind, is one of the unsolved mysteries of ornithology.
years ago, they, like the hawks and eagles, would have travelled on south from here and spread over the plains of northern south america to feed on the seeds of wild grasses.
but here in venezuela, they find great fields of cultivated grain, exactly like they found up in the north.
so they have no need to disperse, but remain together and devastate the crops wherever they settle.
and man's practice of intensive cultivation allows them to stay and feed together.
at night they select a relatively small patch within a huge field of sugar cane where the whole half million roost, half a dozen birds to a single stem.
flying, when all is said and done, takes a great deal of energy.
so birds have huge appetites and have to spend much of their lives in an unending search for food to fuel their expensive lifestyle.
just how they find it, we will be looking at in the next programme in the life of birds.
birds are the most accomplished aeronauts the world has ever seen.
there are also small furry mammals, bats, like these in texas.
they are so competent in the air that they have just made a journey from mexico, a thousand miles away, simply in order to rear their young in this cave, which is particularly suitable for them as a nursery.
just now they are flying out to catch their evening meal of insects.
but they had better be careful, because in the skies above them there lurks a creature that can outfly them.
bats with their fluttering zig-zag flight are not easy targets, and a hawk needs all its aerobatics skills and powers of concentration if it is to snatch one out of the confusing multitude.
that is one bat that will not return to the roost tonight.
the red-tail lives beside the cave and is well practised in bat-catching.
this prairie falcon, on the other hand, is a visitor, but it's learning fast.
some insects, of course, have powerful weapons with which to defend themselves.
but a bee-eater certainly knows how to deal with a bee.
dragonflies first flew around 350 million years ago and insects had the skies to themselves for 150 million years thereafter.
and then a different kind of animal joined them in the air.
as the dinosaurs dominated the land, so the pterosaurs now ruled the skies.
pterosaurs had wings of skin, stretched between one enormously elongated finger and their flanks.
the mud turned to limestone and eventually became exposed in great quarries like this one in southern germany.
today, separating the layers of sediment is just like searching through the pages of a visitor's book that hasn't been opened for 150 million years.
and a pterosaur with skinny wings and teeth in its jaws.
with so many superb fossils, people thought that they had a complete list of the visitors to the lagoon.
this asymmetry is a sure sign that such feathers were used for flight.
but what animal at the time of the dinosaurs could have such a wing?
feathers are made of keratin, as are the scales that many birds still have on their legs, and reptiles all over their body.
a scaly coat must be very hot, so reptiles, like this skink, have to seek shade during the hottest part of the day.
but if the scales became fibrous, they could be fluffed up to let in cooling air during the day, and closed down to trap insulating air for warmth at night.
so it is not difficult to believe that scales eventually became transformed into feathers.
when it is threatened by its enemies, it responds by spreading the great frill it has around its neck.
but if that doesn't scare them off, it runs away, on its hind legs.
it has developed wings that are flaps of skin supported by elongated ribs.
if that early enterprising reptile with feathery scales did have specially long ones on its arms, then they too would have enabled it to glide from tree to tree.
maybe its arm muscles were even strong enough to allow it to make a few flaps to help it on its way.
archaeopteryx was certainly well-equipped for climbing, for its wings still carried three fingers, each ending with a hooked claw, ideal for clinging on to twigs.
and there are birds today with very similar ones that give a clear hint as to how it might have used them.
these are young hoatzin, sitting on their nest in a south american swamp, still guarded by their parents.
a hoatzin chick has an adventurous disposition and starts clambering about when it's only a few days old.
the hooks on its front limbs are obviously very useful in keeping it secure until such a time as they become feathered and reliable wings.
well, this fossilised bird has a beak, and it was found in china recently.
it's only a little younger than archaeopteryx, so it seems that the change took place quickly.
and it must have made flight much more efficient for it prevented a bird from being nose-heavy and significantly reduced its overall weight.
by 50 million years ago, the dynasty of birds was firmly established.
at that time, a great lake lay here in central germany.
it's long since dried out, and the layers of mud from its floor have turned into shales.
excavations like the one that's going on here have revealed just how varied the birds had become.
this one has been set in yellow resin to make its details quite clear.
0ther fossils from these shales show that several families of modern birds were already established.
this was a water bird, possibly an ancestor of today's jacana.
it would have found plenty of insects among the floating leaves on the lake.
there were birds with powerful chisel-like bills, perhaps woodpeckers, that even in this early period had started excavating insects from trees nearby.
another inhabitant of those prehistoric woods had a stubbier, more all-purpose beak, rather like finches do today.
there were tall birds with long powerful legs that hunted for small reptiles on the ground as the south american seriama does.
and there was a gigantic vulture with a wingspan of over 20 feet, bigger even than that of the andean condor and probably the biggest flying bird that has ever existed.
there were even birds which, judging from their skeletons, were as agile in the air as their probable descendants, the frigate birds.
flightless birds of a comparable size still exist and can give us some idea of what it looked like.
this, the ostrich, is the biggest and heaviest bird alive today.
it is probably not closely related to those monstrous feathered hunters of prehistory, but together with the emu of australia and the rhea of south america, it belongs to a very ancient family of birds that abandoned flight a very long time ago.
it relies for its defence on speed and, in the interests of its efficiency as a runner, its toes have been reduced to two.
if pursued, it can sprint at over 40 miles an hour.
but although it is now flightless, it still has many of the physical characters evolved by its ancestors that enabled them to fly.
their only function now is as insulating blankets, to keep out the cold at night and the heat during the day.
0striches have become grazers, the bird equivalent of antelope or horses.
just as they inherited feathers from their flying ancestors, so they also inherited a lightweight, horny beak instead of a heavy jaw laden with teeth.
and without teeth, they need another way to grind up their food.
but while some birds were abandoning flight, some mammals were becoming formidable hunters.
0striches with their superb eyesight and tall necks are able to keep a sharp lookout for approaching danger.
the cheetah has to calculate very carefully whether it's worthwhile chasing something... ..and an ostrich, usually, is not.
it is so very fast, and even if it's caught, it has little meat on it compared with a similar sized mammal
0nce in the water, however, it's a very efficient mover indeed.
the position of its legs right at the back of its body that made it so clumsy on land is ideal for propelling it through the water at speed and helps it to catch all the fish it needs.
this is new caledonia in the western pacific, and this is its special bird, the kagu.
its ancestors must certainly have arrived here by air, but since new caledonia had no ground predators until recently, they gave up flying and today the kagu is virtually flightless.
it finds all its food on the ground in the leaf litter.
it's been here so long that it's difficult to be sure exactly who its ancestors were, but they were probably herons.
0n the continents, they tend to lurk shyly in the undergrowth to keep out of trouble.
but some, somehow, have also managed to reach a great number of islands and there they seem to have no fear at all.
the first land-living mammals to get here were human beings and they didn't arrive until a mere 1500 years ago.
so here you can still glimpse what the world would have been like if the birds had won that battle with the early mammals and now ruled the earth, for here they once did.
many of new zealand's birds flew here from australia, 15,000 miles away across the sea to the west.
they started to do so millions of years ago, and they are still doing so today.
so if you know australian birds, you will recognise quite a lot, particularly those that are relatively recent arrivals.
the new zealand pigeon is not all that much different from australian ones.
there are lots of parrots in australia so it's not surprising that some of them in the past should have found their way here.
most of these birds have still not learned that mammals are dangerous.
the new zealand bush is full of food, of one kind or another.
and as the birds once had it all to themselves, some were able to adopt diets and ways of life that elsewhere were claimed by mammals.
asian squirrels, using a skinny parachute stretched between their legs, are able to glide as well.
and that is very much how the kokako gets around in the trees.
having glided down to the lower branches, it runs back up them and jumps from one to the other.
so if the kokako, up in the trees, feeds in the same way as a squirrel might do, what lives and feeds like a mammal on the ground?
its tiny vestigial wings are invisible, buried in its plumage and it has lost all sign of a tail
if the kiwis live in a patch of forest close by the sea, then in the evening they may come down on to the beach to look for these:
and that will give us a chance, a rare chance, to see them out in the open.
to do so properly, we have to use our special starlight camera.
the kiwi is hunting along the strand line where there are lots of hoppers feeding on the decaying seaweed.
its sense of smell is so acute it can pick out the largest juiciest hoppers deep in the sand without even seeing them.
its feathers are just filaments, so that it almost looks as though it is covered with coarse fur.
probing sand with your nostrils is all very well, but it does clog them up, and so you need to blow them clear every now and then.
well, not far from here, bones like this have been dug up.
it's obviously a leg-bone, and at first sight you might think it was a leg-bone of a mammal, say perhaps, a cow.
but when you look at it closely you can see that it's got a honeycomb structure.
it's a bird bone, but the bone of a very big bird indeed, as we know from the rest of its skeleton.
among them were the tallest birds that ever existed, that weighed over 200 kilos, 400lbs.
there were about a dozen different species of varying size and weight.
up on the high moorlands, there were smaller species with thicker feathers to keep them warm.
the absence of mammals didn't mean that the moas had no enemies.
the only prey that was abundant enough to sustain such a giant were other birds and it's probable that it was able to tackle even the biggest moa.
its talons were certainly long enough to stab right through a moa's flesh and into its pelvis, as some of the bones show.
apart from bats which flew here, the first to arrive were those most dangerous of all, human beings.
they hunted the moas for meat and soon they had hunted them to extinction.
but a different kind of flightless bird does still survive, up in these high mountains.
like so many of new zealand's native birds that had abandoned flight, it had no defence against the alien mammals that europeans brought with them and that soon escaped and ran wild.
rats ate their eggs and killed the chicks, and cats and stoats massacred the adults.
there was a giant flightless coot that was originally very common.
but it got scarcer and scarcer and by the middle of the nineteenth century, it was thought to be totally extinct.
and then, just 50 years ago, someone in these remote valleys found something like this.
indeed, when only her lovely moss-green back is visible, she is well camouflaged from her only native enemy, a bird of prey, circling overhead.
0nly about forty pairs of takahe survive today in the wild.
the takahe's technique is to pull up a whole stem and then nibble just the bottom inch or so.
that's where most minerals and sugars are and it's the only bit tender enough to be easily cut.
0nly then will it be strong enough and skilled enough to feed entirely by itself.
now it's summer, but when winter comes, life will be even tougher.
then the pools freeze over and the tussock has no fresh shoots, even if they could be reached beneath the snow.
then the takahe is reduced to digging for tubers in the freezing earth.
so the birds' continued survival up in these barren moorlands is by no means assured.
0ne other flightless bird found refuge from mammals in these high mountains;
it lived in very much the same way as rabbits do.
it created tracks through its territory generation after generation, trudging along here and feeding by plucking these grasses and eating the succulent base.
this particular path runs under this bush and continues upwards along the highest edge of this narrow ridge.
the track leads to this shallow bowl, and there are others like it spaced out along the track.
and then in the night, he would come here and, crouching low, make a deep booming call which echoed out across these valleys, summoning the females to come to him.
but there were no females seen after the 1970s up here.
a female has clambered up into the top of the bushes, looking for fresh shoots and fruit.
her dappled green plumage camouflages her against attacks from falcons, but even so, she won't dare to venture into the topmost branches until it's dark.
nightfall, and now we need our starlight camera to see what's happening.
by midnight the male has plodded his way right to the summit of his mountain.
the female has found what she wants up in the branches.
she will need all the most nourishing food she can find if she is to produce an egg.
even at the best of times, she will not be able to accumulate enough bodily reserves to lay every year.
the male begins to inflate air-sacs on his chest that will act as resonators and so amplify his calls, sending them booming out across the valley.
but then in the last two seasons, seven young kakapo were successfully hatched.
maybe the species will come back from the brink of extinction after all.
0f course, only a minority of new zealand's birds have become flightless.
most, like these handsome spotted shags, have retained that characteristic talent of birds, the ability to travel by air, and worldwide, birds have exploited that ability to an extraordinary degree.
40 feet up, a bend in the trunk makes a perfect platform for a take-off.
these shearwaters will spend most of their lives in the air.
this particular species is exceptional in nesting in woodland, most of them nest right on the edge of cliffs and all of them get into the air by the simple method of simply falling into space.
the land birds, on the other hand, have much greater problems.
and a bird as big as an albatross can't do it at all.
it has to use yet another way of getting into the air.
for the majority of birds the most exhausting part of flight is now over.
those shearwaters achieved it by climbing trees, the pigeon jumped and flapped, and aeroplanes and albatross did it by running and creating a flow of air over their wings.
when they do actually get into the air, a bird's flight seems almost effortless.
and when you watch a really superb flyer like these albatross, then they seem to be defying the law of nature.
as the bird glides forward, the air flowing under the wing is impeded by the wing's downward curve.
so it becomes slightly compressed and that pushes the wing up.
at the same time, the air flowing across the top of the wing is deflected upwards by the wing's front edge so reducing its pressure.
if the air is moving fast enough, then the slight suction from above combined with the push from beneath will be enough to lift the bird into the air, as it did during take-off, and ample to keep it aloft, as it's doing now.
the trick is to make sure that the air does flow over the wing sufficiently quickly.
upward air currents can also sustain a bird in flight and that is just what are created when breezes, blowing in from the sea, hit a cliff.
if they are really strong, such up-draughts can be so powerful that they alone will keep an albatross in the air.
0ut at sea, the waves deflect the wind upwards in somewhat smaller gusts and the albatross is so skilful that it can sail on them for hours with scarcely a movement of its wings.
this knot is 'rowing' through the air, stretching its wings forwards, and beating them downwards.
0n the upstroke it half-folds them, to reduce their surface area and therefore their resistance to the air.
the feathers on its wing slide smoothly over one another so that although the wing is continuously changing shape, its surface remains perfectly smooth and streamlined.
its body is also streamlined by its coat of feathers, and its feet are pressed against its tail so that drag is kept to a minimum.
this mallard is flying at nearly 40 miles an hour, but its streamlining is so perfect that there is scarcely a ruffle to its feathers.
it's only from behind that you notice the little flicks of the feathers over its tail and the back edge of its wings which show just how fast it's travelling.
to see just how important streamlining is, and how much energy it can save, just watch this osprey as it goes fishing.
to take off again, with the fish in its talons, the bird has to beat its wings with all the strength it can muster.
but even now it is in the air, the fish hanging broadside.
it creates so much drag that the osprey has great difficulty in making any headway at all.
a big bird like a pelican creates a trail of turbulence in the air and this can give a following bird lift.
the effect is at its greatest directly behind a bird's wing-tip, so that is the best place for a following bird to fly.
pelicans also save some 20% of their energy by mixing flapping with gliding.
aerodynamically it's more profitable for a bird to time its flaps with those of the bird ahead.
so it is the pelicans who give breathtaking displays of synchronised formation flying.
the most economical way of flying, however, is to draw almost all the energy you need directly from the sun.
as it warms the ground in the morning, the rocks reflect its heat and shimmering columns of air, thermals, begin to rise.
griffin vultures in spain now leave the ledges on the cliffs where they have spent the night and launch themselves into the air.
with the thermals rising powerfully beneath their outstretched wings they sail effortlessly upwards.
all they have to do is to make sure that they remain within the column of warm air.
if you look over there, you can see all those cumulus clouds.
underneath most of those there would be a thermal, and that's one of those indicators of lift, that's one thing we look for, and that's what birds look for also when they fly, i'm sure.
the pressure on the wings is actually bending them, isn't it?
the spar is slightly flexible, so when you develop more lift, the spar actually bends upwards a little bit.
that requires less energy, but perhaps more skill if disaster is to be avoided, particularly if you are a big bird like a pelican.
a swan, one of the heaviest of flying birds, can only come down on the smoothest and most forgiving of natural surfaces; water.
most birds, however, have to come down with much greater precision than that.
they may have to land, after all, on a narrow ledge or a very thin branch.
it aims for a point below its nest and then brakes by swooping upwards so that as it arrives at its ledge its forward speed is zero.
landing into the wind helps any bird by keeping air flowing over the wings and maintaining lift until the last moment.
so, one way or another, birds manage to complete an operation fraught with danger, with virtually total success.
as anyone who has had to pay for excess baggage at an airport knows, if you travel by air, it is important to keep your weight down.
they also have weight-saving features inside their bodies, a skeleton with fewer bones than a mammal's, no tail-bone, one wing-bone instead of five fingers, and a slim pelvis fused to the backbone.
and the bones themselves are not solid like a mammal's, but hollow.
inside they have a lattice of cross-struts so they are nonetheless very strong.
but the most remarkable weight-saving features of all are those things that only birds possess:
the quills are hollow and very light, yet resilient and extremely strong.
the filaments on either side of the quills are fringed with microscopic hooks that link them to their neighbours so that they all latch together to form a continuous surface.
the sword-billed hummingbird has a beak that is so long that there is no way that its tip can touch its feathers.
it has to comb its plumage with one foot while balancing on its perch with the other.
most birds take one every day and, watching them doing so, it's difficult to avoid coming to the conclusion that they enjoy it just as much as we do.
not all birds, of course, can get to water that is deep enough for bathing.
then, like the quail that lives on dry plains and during the summer seldom finds so much as a puddle, they may have to use dust.
this may not exactly make them cleaner, but it does, apparently, help in dislodging parasites such as lice that nibble their feathers, mites that scavenge bits of dead skin and ticks that suck their blood.
many parrots and cockatoos grow special feathers that fray at the end into a fine powder.
these feathers are scattered throughout the plumage, and as a bird such as a cockatoo scratches itself at the end of its toilet, the powder is dislodged in clouds and is caught in its ruffled feathers.
exactly how this powder improves the feathers is not really certain, but it is probable that it helps with waterproofing as well as by discouraging parasites.
parasites, in fact, are such a problem that some birds are thought to recruit assistants to help in getting rid of them.
it may be that the birds are stimulating the ants to get rid of their formic acid so that they are more digestible as meals.
regular, meticulous maintenance is essential for maximum efficiency and safety in the air, and that applies to everything that flies.
well, that was about 500 miles an hour and of course birds can't equal that.
but nonetheless, before aeroplanes were invented, a bird was the fastest living thing in the air.
the barn owl, on the other hand, owes its success as a hunter to its ability to fly extremely slowly.
it hunts voles and mice and, to find them in the grass it has to search very intently, and that takes time.
but the barn owl also has a very special adaptation for this kind of hunting.
the rodents it seeks are often invisible from the air, hidden beneath the matted grass.
the barn owl detects them by the rustling sounds they make.
to do that, it has extremely acute hearing, the sounds being focused by the hair-like feathers of the discs on either side of its head.
so, in the evenings, a barn owl can waft over the countryside as silent as a moth.
this little dot, suspended in the sky, might seem to be the slowest flyer of all.
it's spotted something, a quick turn into the wind, and a drop;
a turn back to face the wind for a stationary check;
their wings work in a way quite unlike that used by any other birds.
they beat routinely 25 times a second, so fast that they make the humming noise that gives them their name.
it is impossible to see how they operate unless the camera slows them down.
the wings have become, in effect, twirling blades that create down-draughts, rather like those that man produces with his hovering machines.
helicopters, however, have a very special device, a wheel revolving continuously on an axle.
no bird or any other animal has yet evolved a mechanism that can exactly parallel this.
unlike the wings of other birds, they are symmetrical in cross-section and work equally well with either surface uppermost.
by changing the angle of the beat, the thrust can be directed not only downwards, but either forwards or backwards.
so a hummingbird, steering with its tail, can move through the air in any direction.
beating wings at such speed, however, uses a lot of fuel
this is a particular problem in the andes, where the nights can be very cold indeed.
as evening comes on, the hillstar hummingbird makes its way to its regular roosting place, in a cave.
after its regular toilet, it settles down for the night, and in effect turns off all its motors.
its heart, that in flight contracted a thousand times a minute, slows until its beat is virtually undetectable.
its body temperature falls dramatically and its breathing seems to cease altogether.
it is doing what a hedgehog does in winter, it is hibernating.
any larger and it couldn't beat its wings fast enough for this kind of flight.
and this is one of the smallest of all birds, the purple-collared woodstar from ecuador with a wingspan of scarcely more than two inches.
indeed this moth looks so like a tiny hummingbird that some people in the south of england, where it appears regularly in the summer, think that they have been visited by a real hummer.
the ability to fly gave birds the freedom of the planet.
rivers, deserts, seas, even mountain ranges are no obstacle to them as they are to land-bound creatures such as ourselves.
they can fly relatively easily and quickly to collect a sudden glut of food.
they nested almost as soon as they arrived and many have already got families.
even hummingbirds have come up to the far north to collect nectar from the bushes that are now briefly blooming within sight of glaciers.
0n the arctic coasts, little waders, western sandpipers, are collecting a rich harvest of small worms that are swarming in the mud.
in the middle of the continent, on the prairies, sorghum and other grain crops are ripening in the summer sun.
dickcissels, relatives of the common sparrow, have come up here to take their percentage.
the warm weather has caused swarms of insects to hatch and they provide the dickcissels with the protein that is essential for the nourishment of their swiftly growing young.
the sandpipers are stocking up for the 6,000 mile journey that lies ahead of them.
they eat so voraciously that they will nearly double their weight, putting on layers of fat on their upper thighs and their flanks.
they even shrink their internal organs, partially absorbing them as though they were food reserves and replacing them with more readily available fat.
they must wait for the right weather conditions, and then, when the wind blows strongly from the north, they set off.
but the weather they require for their journeys is rather different.
they need a good hot day when the thermals are shimmering upwards from the rocks that are still warming in the late summer sun.
as the last thermals of summer start to rise, the birds circle up to great heights, 10,000 feet or more, to give themselves a good start for the long journey ahead.
as they glide southwards, slowly losing height, they will look for another thermal and make for its base so that once again they will be lifted high enough to reach the next.
they will travel continuously for great lengths of time, both through the day and the night.
the raptors, however, have had to stop to overnight in a roost.
0ne of them has been recorded as covering an astonishing 1,700 miles in a mere 70 hours.
these fields in california will be their home until they return north on their spring migration.
but they will spend only a few days here for this is merely a refuelling stop.
they feed intensively, replacing the fat reserves that they have lost.
the raptors, so conscious of the nature of the land beneath them that generates thermals on which they depend, also look to it for their signposts.
they are now passing mexico's highest mountain, the pico de 0rizaba.
there are no thermals to be found over the sea, so they are tied to the land, and that means they have to go all the way round the western side of the gulf of mexico.
there is, of course, a short cut, directly south across the sea.
astonishingly, the little ruby-throat hummingbird tackles that 500 mile long journey.
it must necessarily be non-stop for a hummingbird cannot land on the water.
so, if conditions are good, it could make the crossing by flying for a little over 18 hours.
but that is right on the very limit of its endurance.
it still has several hundred miles to go and may travel as far as the panama border.
the hawks and vultures, travelling round the western side of the gulf, have now reached panama city.
they came from all over north america, converged on the isthmus and travelled together down that narrow corridor of land so that now, for the only time each year, they form dense flocks.
below, on the mud of panama bay, the sandpipers are feeding.
how they co-ordinate their flight in these extraordinary concentrations, changing direction within it, as if with one mind, is one of the unsolved mysteries of ornithology.
years ago, they, like the hawks and eagles, would have travelled on south from here and spread over the plains of northern south america to feed on the seeds of wild grasses.
but here in venezuela, they find great fields of cultivated grain, exactly like they found up in the north.
so they have no need to disperse, but remain together and devastate the crops wherever they settle.
and man's practice of intensive cultivation allows them to stay and feed together.
at night they select a relatively small patch within a huge field of sugar cane where the whole half million roost, half a dozen birds to a single stem.
flying, when all is said and done, takes a great deal of energy.
so birds have huge appetites and have to spend much of their lives in an unending search for food to fuel their expensive lifestyle.
just how they find it, we will be looking at in the next programme in the life of birds.
birds are the most accomplished aeronauts the world has ever seen.
there are also small furry mammals, bats, like these in texas.
they are so competent in the air that they have just made a journey from mexico, a thousand miles away, simply in order to rear their young in this cave, which is particularly suitable for them as a nursery.
just now they are flying out to catch their evening meal of insects.
but they had better be careful, because in the skies above them there lurks a creature that can outfly them.
bats with their fluttering zig-zag flight are not easy targets, and a hawk needs all its aerobatics skills and powers of concentration if it is to snatch one out of the confusing multitude.
that is one bat that will not return to the roost tonight.
the red-tail lives beside the cave and is well practised in bat-catching.
this prairie falcon, on the other hand, is a visitor, but it's learning fast.
some insects, of course, have powerful weapons with which to defend themselves.
but a bee-eater certainly knows how to deal with a bee.
dragonflies first flew around 350 million years ago and insects had the skies to themselves for 150 million years thereafter.
and then a different kind of animal joined them in the air.
as the dinosaurs dominated the land, so the pterosaurs now ruled the skies.
pterosaurs had wings of skin, stretched between one enormously elongated finger and their flanks.
the mud turned to limestone and eventually became exposed in great quarries like this one in southern germany.
today, separating the layers of sediment is just like searching through the pages of a visitor's book that hasn't been opened for 150 million years.
and a pterosaur with skinny wings and teeth in its jaws.
with so many superb fossils, people thought that they had a complete list of the visitors to the lagoon.
this asymmetry is a sure sign that such feathers were used for flight.
but what animal at the time of the dinosaurs could have such a wing?
feathers are made of keratin, as are the scales that many birds still have on their legs, and reptiles all over their body.
a scaly coat must be very hot, so reptiles, like this skink, have to seek shade during the hottest part of the day.
but if the scales became fibrous, they could be fluffed up to let in cooling air during the day, and closed down to trap insulating air for warmth at night.
so it is not difficult to believe that scales eventually became transformed into feathers.
when it is threatened by its enemies, it responds by spreading the great frill it has around its neck.
but if that doesn't scare them off, it runs away, on its hind legs.
it has developed wings that are flaps of skin supported by elongated ribs.
if that early enterprising reptile with feathery scales did have specially long ones on its arms, then they too would have enabled it to glide from tree to tree.
maybe its arm muscles were even strong enough to allow it to make a few flaps to help it on its way.
archaeopteryx was certainly well-equipped for climbing, for its wings still carried three fingers, each ending with a hooked claw, ideal for clinging on to twigs.
and there are birds today with very similar ones that give a clear hint as to how it might have used them.
these are young hoatzin, sitting on their nest in a south american swamp, still guarded by their parents.
a hoatzin chick has an adventurous disposition and starts clambering about when it's only a few days old.
the hooks on its front limbs are obviously very useful in keeping it secure until such a time as they become feathered and reliable wings.
well, this fossilised bird has a beak, and it was found in china recently.
it's only a little younger than archaeopteryx, so it seems that the change took place quickly.
and it must have made flight much more efficient for it prevented a bird from being nose-heavy and significantly reduced its overall weight.
by 50 million years ago, the dynasty of birds was firmly established.
at that time, a great lake lay here in central germany.
it's long since dried out, and the layers of mud from its floor have turned into shales.
excavations like the one that's going on here have revealed just how varied the birds had become.
this one has been set in yellow resin to make its details quite clear.
0ther fossils from these shales show that several families of modern birds were already established.
this was a water bird, possibly an ancestor of today's jacana.
it would have found plenty of insects among the floating leaves on the lake.
there were birds with powerful chisel-like bills, perhaps woodpeckers, that even in this early period had started excavating insects from trees nearby.
another inhabitant of those prehistoric woods had a stubbier, more all-purpose beak, rather like finches do today.
there were tall birds with long powerful legs that hunted for small reptiles on the ground as the south american seriama does.
and there was a gigantic vulture with a wingspan of over 20 feet, bigger even than that of the andean condor and probably the biggest flying bird that has ever existed.
there were even birds which, judging from their skeletons, were as agile in the air as their probable descendants, the frigate birds.
flightless birds of a comparable size still exist and can give us some idea of what it looked like.
this, the ostrich, is the biggest and heaviest bird alive today.
it is probably not closely related to those monstrous feathered hunters of prehistory, but together with the emu of australia and the rhea of south america, it belongs to a very ancient family of birds that abandoned flight a very long time ago.
it relies for its defence on speed and, in the interests of its efficiency as a runner, its toes have been reduced to two.
if pursued, it can sprint at over 40 miles an hour.
but although it is now flightless, it still has many of the physical characters evolved by its ancestors that enabled them to fly.
their only function now is as insulating blankets, to keep out the cold at night and the heat during the day.
0striches have become grazers, the bird equivalent of antelope or horses.
just as they inherited feathers from their flying ancestors, so they also inherited a lightweight, horny beak instead of a heavy jaw laden with teeth.
and without teeth, they need another way to grind up their food.
but while some birds were abandoning flight, some mammals were becoming formidable hunters.
0striches with their superb eyesight and tall necks are able to keep a sharp lookout for approaching danger.
the cheetah has to calculate very carefully whether it's worthwhile chasing something... ..and an ostrich, usually, is not.
it is so very fast, and even if it's caught, it has little meat on it compared with a similar sized mammal
0nce in the water, however, it's a very efficient mover indeed.
the position of its legs right at the back of its body that made it so clumsy on land is ideal for propelling it through the water at speed and helps it to catch all the fish it needs.
this is new caledonia in the western pacific, and this is its special bird, the kagu.
its ancestors must certainly have arrived here by air, but since new caledonia had no ground predators until recently, they gave up flying and today the kagu is virtually flightless.
it finds all its food on the ground in the leaf litter.
it's been here so long that it's difficult to be sure exactly who its ancestors were, but they were probably herons.
0n the continents, they tend to lurk shyly in the undergrowth to keep out of trouble.
but some, somehow, have also managed to reach a great number of islands and there they seem to have no fear at all.
the first land-living mammals to get here were human beings and they didn't arrive until a mere 1500 years ago.
so here you can still glimpse what the world would have been like if the birds had won that battle with the early mammals and now ruled the earth, for here they once did.
many of new zealand's birds flew here from australia, 15,000 miles away across the sea to the west.
they started to do so millions of years ago, and they are still doing so today.
so if you know australian birds, you will recognise quite a lot, particularly those that are relatively recent arrivals.
the new zealand pigeon is not all that much different from australian ones.
there are lots of parrots in australia so it's not surprising that some of them in the past should have found their way here.
most of these birds have still not learned that mammals are dangerous.
the new zealand bush is full of food, of one kind or another.
and as the birds once had it all to themselves, some were able to adopt diets and ways of life that elsewhere were claimed by mammals.
asian squirrels, using a skinny parachute stretched between their legs, are able to glide as well.
and that is very much how the kokako gets around in the trees.
