my parents wanted a daughter, so they raised me like one.
so i thought i was a girl until i was seven.
be good to me... and you'll always be with good luck.
if i sleep out, mom beats me with whatever's in her hand.
japan invades during king sejong's reign, and the king's father is the tyrant yeonsan.
in the end, the heroine fights the villain in a field.
this necklace was given to you from your ex-boyfriend, isn't it?
you wouldn't wear it, if you just broke up for nothing.
we'll read the letters that day, and maybe we can find an answer then.
this was her way of saying good-bye, and i kept repeating in my mind that two years isn't long.
when he planted the tree, he asked me if it looked the same.
he said that someone would be sad if it died, so no one should know.
gyeon-woo:(monolog) i screwed up her birthday, but i feel good anyway.
'cause i'm proud to be with her, and things turned out as planned.
gyeon-woo:(monolog) why does the ball i hit keep hitting my face?
gyeon-woo:(monolog) i wrote our stories on the internet everyday, and i kept myself busy for two years.
exactly two years ago today, she and i buried a time capsule here.
we promised to meet here two years later, but she hasn't come yet.
be good to me... and you'll always be with good luck.
if i sleep out, mom beats me with whatever's in her hand.
japan invades during king sejong's reign, and the king's father is the tyrant yeonsan.
in the end, the heroine fights the villain in a field.
we'll read the letters that day, and maybe we can find an answer then.
this was her way of saying good-bye, and i kept repeating in my mind that two years isn't long.
i'm not sure if you knew, but the person i loved passed away.
the day when i first met you was the day he died a year ago.
she wanted to introduce a nice man to me, but i couldn't.
the day i first met you, i came under this tree, and i prayed to him.
i feel like you live in the future, and i stay in the past.
i want to meet you soon, so i can read your letter.
during this spring, he planted another tree that looked the same.
when he planted the tree, he asked me if it look the same.
i tried to introduce you to him for several years, but he kept getting out of it.
heard you came to bupyung often, but you never visited me?
exactly two years ago today, she and i buried a time capsule here.
we promised to meet here two years later, but she hasn't come yet.
be good to me... and you'll always be with good luck.
if i sleep out, mom beats me with whatever's in her hand.
japan invades during king sejong's reign, and the king's father is the tyrant yeonsan.
in the end, the heroine fights the villain in a field.
we'll read the letters that day, and maybe we can find an answer then.
this was her way of saying good-bye, and i kept repeating in my mind that two years isn't long.
i'm not sure if you knew, but the person i loved passed away.
the day when i first met you was the day he died a year ago.
she wanted to introduce a nice man to me, but i couldn't.
the day i first met you, i came under this tree, and i prayed to him.
i feel like you live in the future, and i stay in the past.
i want to meet you soon, so i can read your letter.
during this spring, he planted another tree that looked the same.
when he planted the tree, he asked me if it look the same.
gyeon-woo:(monoiog) why does the ball i hit keep hitting my face?
gyeon-woo:(monoiog) i wrote our stories on the internet everyday, and i kept myself busy for two years.
she'll marry you if i said it, and marry me if you said it
she'll marry you if i said it, and marry me if you said it
the authority will divert patients ...to sir ho kau kei hospital
the hospital asks all of its medical personnel ...to return to their post immediately
i'm leung kar shing, this is the scene of the accident
couldn't stop my car, my head hit the steering wheel the cut on my left eye hasn't stopped bleeding there are bruises on my right cheek broke my nose ridge, there's blood coming out
we've decided to help out, the bathroom is in service now
you can use all of the urinals, we'll clean them all
i was seeing this great girl a ballroom dance instructor named jamie, she taught me to tango and fox trot it was really quite cute and we were together 5 or 6 years and then a few years ago we broke up
and i felt pretty bad i have to say for a few years
i didn't feel much like seeing anybody, was eating donuts you know those crispy cream deals, it was bad and i was starting to look like homer simpson and i felt awful and i felt the pressure of you know my life moving on
and the millennium coming forward and i thought, you know what, it's time to do something different and find another girl.
from time immemorial people have done just about everything in pursuit of better sex...
cleopatra, it was said, drove mark antony out of his mind by mixing honey and almonds and applyingg the tantalizing paste to her most private parts.
casanova was reputed to eat dozens of oysters a day and it is said he once seduced a vestal virgin by sliding an oyster from his lips to hers.
and the ancient sex manual the kama sutra, suggests milk and honey, enhanced with the testicles of a ram for a guaranteed night of passion.
until the early 80's, most scientists had dismissed traditional aphrodisiacs as frauds.
but researchers are now finding that some do stimulate more than the imagination.
one popular substance that has been eaten, sniffed and smoked all because of its reputed aphrodisiac properties is the bark of yohimbe a west african tree.
a series of studies found that yohimbine, the active ingredient in yohimbe did raise erections in men by increasing blood flow to the penis.
i bought some yohimbe in powdered form it's supposed to actually give you an erection for three days is what they say, uh you know i would have been happy with a couple of hours.
so i tried one form of it, a powdered form and basically
one of the ways is to increase circulation and the other way is to stimulate the nervous system.
it does however have some downsides in that it can stimulate heart rate, raise blood pressure and can make one feel a little anxious, nervous and even a little nauseous, so that, sometimes that may not be the most desirable effect
yohimbine is not guaranteed to work and should only be used under the guidance of a physician.
many of the herbal aphrodisiacs including yohimbine work by increasing blood flow to the genitals.
when we're sexually stimulated by anything-physically mentally or chemically- the nervous system sends signals to the pelvic region the control center for the erection.
these signals prompt the blood vessels in the genitals to dilate, bringing in a rush of blood that inflates the erectile tissue.
in the last 30 years, 300 studies have given clinical evidence that gingko can benefit the entire body in addition to having aphrodisiac qualities.
a german study of men with erectile dysfunction found that gingko restored potency in half of them.
this causes the blood vessles to widen, more blood flows in and we have an erection.
but the jury is still out on how safe and effective gingko is.
it can have side effects such as headaches and shouldn't be taken with aspirin or by people suffering from heart disease.
hundreds of millions of dollars a year are spent in the pursuit of pleasure and the ingredients of love potions come from all parts of the world.
it is said that north american indian girls once combined ginseng with snake meat, gelatin and wild columbine then secretly added it to the meals of the young men they wanted as husbands.
one plant that has been used as an aphrodisiac in the southwest is damiana, a shrub native to north america.
chemical analysis shows that it contains substances similar to caffeine that can increase sensitivity in the genitals.
it is also reputed to induce erotic dreams when drunk at bedtime, but damiana has not been approved by the fd a, so its effectiveness remains anecdotal.
one is a chinese herb called yin ya wo, otherwise known as horny goat weed.
what's the deal with the horny goat weed here from china?
well it worked for their goats i guess they started using it also.
well, you know what i always say joanne, what's good for chinese goats is good for me.
so with all these love aids available, is there any way to figure out which ones will guarantee sexual pleasure?
researchers have made some progress by ruling out some legendary substances that can do more harm than good.
spanish fly is perhaps one of the most well known so called love elixirs.
made from the dried bodies of beetles it works by severely irritating the urinary tract, sending a rush of blood to the genitals.
even though there is no proof that they work as an aphrodisiac.
although many traditional aphrodisiacs do not have the firm backing of science, some have enjoyed their positive effects.
but whether yohimbe or gingko can help your libido, may depend on whether you believe it will.
really, the cool thing about this aphrodisiac thing honest to god i'm not positive that it really works but you think it works and it has actually made a change for me.
legend has it that seafood has been considered an aphrodisiac ever since the mythological aphrodite was born from the sea.
but some say there's more to 'sexy' foods than just folklore...
hot, spicy, sweet, juicy, words that make you wonder if someone is describing a great meal or a great lover.
since the beginning of time food has been inextricably linked to our sexuality.
historically mating rituals involved having a meal or banquet before sex and even today the act of eating is so linked to the act of lovemaking, that sex therapists sometimes prescribe a romantic meal for two, as an effective form of foreplay.
maria, she loves to eat, so i mean there is something i know
i can be always giving her especially a good, i would say dinner.
and then comes the romance and the sex is where, i can use that and then lure her in.
frank and maria met in a chicago mall two and a half years ago and the chemistry was instant.
maria works as a bookkeeper and frank drives a truck and for them, food is often the answer to keeping the flame alive.
he loves whipped cream and so do i, and strawberries and syrup, oh, yes.
so we try to make it interesting because you know sometimes if you just do the same thing all the time it just doesn't work.
but historically the lure of food as an aphrodisiac has had a lot more to it than the sharing of a romantic meal.
we have historical books that tell us about the use of foods for example in the kama sutra, they describe a meal of eggs and onions with cardamom cinnamon, and nutmeg.
if you have that before you meet your lover, your chances of having a better experience are greater.
before science began exploring how our bodies work, people followed a premise known as the law of similarities.
this dictated that what a food looked like determined how and where it could benefit the body.
so if a food looked like genitalia it was bound to be an erotic stimulant.
legend has it that the aztecs in ancient mexico were so impressed with the anatomical likeness of the avocado that they named the food ahuacatl or testicle, and forbade village maidens to set one virginal toe outside while the fruit was being harvested.
many of the aphrodisiac foods were just thought to be aphrodisiacs because of their appearances like bananas asparagus, carrots because of their phallic appearance.
but asparagus for example has very rich nutritional value, it has vitamin e, which is considered one of the sex hormone stimulants it's a vitamin that stimulates our hormonal production.
so it seems the ancients did get it right sometimes, because many of the foods that were considered aphrodisiacs actually have vitamins and minerals that are essential for a good sex life.
one of the most visually suggestive love foods is the oyster.
said by some to look like testicles when in the shell and by others to blatantly suggest a woman's anatomy,
oysters are also a good natural source of zinc, a mineral necessary for the production of testosterone, believed to be the sex drive hormone in men and women.
but, some argue that you would have to eat dozens of oysters for them to jump-start your libido.
not all of the fabled foods' powers have to do with their vitamin and mineral content.
when it comes to being a hot-blooded lover, the chili pepper may hold the key.
the spicy substance in hot foods called capsaicin causes nerve endings to release substance p, a neurotransmitter that stimulates a burning sensation.
our pulse is raised and we sweat more just as we do during sex.
used for centuries as an aphrodisiac part of its lure comes from its sensuous melting quality.
if you're talking about like sweets or something like that it would have to be like chocolate syrup.
you know because for one it's sweet, and it's, it's durable, you know i mean you can place it wherever you want you know, and then.
and you know the next place it's going is your mouth so it's like you get 1 and 2.
and that's thought to be a chemical it's very similar to the endorphins that our body produces that give us that natural high.
some scientist believe this chemical in chocolate is broken down before it can 'turn us on', but others say it may be one of the reasons why lovers will be buyingg up to 36 million boxes of chocolate in the united states
maria and frank are 2 of the 500 neurologist, dr. alan hirsch has been testing.
over the last five years he's worked to measure the effect of taste and smell on arousal.
i had heard that dr. hirsch uses food to enhance the sexual pleasures and stuff and so i was interested in that aspect of it because i thought that maybe we could bring something new into, you know, the bedroom.
i want you to rate how much you liked the kiss, or disliked it.
almost 100 years ago, sigmund freud said that in order for us to remain a civilized society we had to repress our sense of smell, otherwise we would walk around sexually excited all the time.
dr. hirsch has been testing this theory for over 10 years.
up to 3,000 test subjects later he has found that certain food smells are so sexually exciting they actually increase penile and vaginal blood flow.
when we inhale an aroma odor molecules enter the nose and stimulate small hairs called cilia to send messages to the brain.
one part of the brain that receives these messages is the limbic system, often called the 'pleasure center'.
the signals then travel down to the spinal cord, and just like the food and herbal aphrodisiacs, cause blood to rush to the genitals.
the food smells dr. hirsch's studies found to have the greatest effect, aren't exactly foods we associate with a night of passion.
of all the food smells he tested he found that pumpkin pie was the way to a man's libido increasing penile blood flow by 40%, buttered popcorn came second increasing blood flow by 9%.
the curious thing hirsch's study found is that all smells actually arouse men to some degree.
women, who have a much more sensitive sense of smell, were more discerning.
what we found was some odors inhibited female sexual arousal, for example the smell of cherries had a negative effect, the smell of barbecue roasting meat and the smell of men's cologne all acted to inhibit female sexual arousal.
despite dr. hirsch's studies, smell remains the most mysterious of all our senses and we are still not quite sure why these food smells affect our libidos.
these come primarily in the form of two body chemicals- hormones and neurotransmitters.
the hormones testosterone and estrogen are mainly secreted by the sex glands, which form part of the endocrine system.
mike albano, a 59-year-old computer technician for the stock market, classifies himself as a "type a" personality.
he turned to chinese medicine after his high-pressured work environment became too much to bear.
we live in a society today in new york city that's so fast paced, you have to make it today, you don't make it tomorrow.
it's what you do for me today that counts, not tomorrow.
so it's under a constant lot of pressure that you have to go through every day, and i was part of the rat race.
mike was suffering from stress a condition that affects 75% of americans.
i think if we look at the effects of stress on health and sexuality overall, stress is probably the most common cause of low libido.
mike's lack of libido and general ill health began to have an impact on his 30-year marriage.
there was no communication, there was no closeness and stuff like that.
performance weighed heavily on my mind, because i knew deep inside that i wasn't doing what i was supposed to be doing for my wife and for my lover.
determined to get his body up and running again, mike decided to try acupuncture.
he put his trust in the hands of chinese herbalist and acupuncturist
what i did for michael was i started him with weekly acupuncture treatments to increase his overall energy.
and in the course of our therapy i asked him if he had low sex drive, and he said he did.
it's a question i commonly ask because it gives me information about the person, about their overall energy level and from a chinese perspective their source energy.
acupuncture is said to stimulate nerve paths, and some claim this causes the brain to release neurotransmitters which heighten desire.
according to mike, weekly sessions of acupuncture and a combination of chinese herbs including ginseng have helped put him back on track.
from the very first session with adele, i brought a list of medications i was taking and she went through them all and she had told me that one of the specific medications
rather, each person has a unique smell print made up of pheromones.
pheromones are chemical substances released all over the body, but especially from the armpits, the genitals and under our hair.
it is believed that they are picked up by the noses of other people, who are either consciously or unconsciously attracted to our smell.
pheromones act in many ways for other animals as i guess what you'd call an aphrodisiac or at least as a sexual cue for an onset of sexual behavior.
whether or not a pheromone could act as an aphrodisiac in humans
i think is still a little bit of an open question.
some studies show that there may be a link between pheromones and our sex drives.
in one double blind experiment young women were exposed to either pheromones or a placebo.
and researchers say it wasn't just the power of suggestion, as the group exposed to the placebo experienced no change.
but, if pheromones are the source of chemistry between two people who are instantly attracted to each other without knowing why, the perfumes and scents humans can detect could also be considered powerful aphrodisiacs.
some believe that smell is the sense most closely linked to our sexuality.
although sight and touch are also essential to our sex drive, their signals must pass through areas of the brain known as the thalamus and the cortex before reaching the limbic lobe.
aromas however, send signals directly to the limbic lobe provoking a more powerful emotional reaction.
but what happens when we combine the lure of scent with the supposed power of pheromones?
i brought you that perceive purse spray that you had ordered.
yes, i need to freshen this up a little, get my mood going a little...
and then of course there's the issue as to whether it'll really do what you want it to do.
after all if you splash a pheromone on and it truly is a pheromone then your expectation is of course it'll attract all the beautiful people in the world who will desire you and want you.
our brain is the main computer that will integrate and tell us what we're all feeling and these things will stimulate us sexually.
if our bodies themselves offer us the most powerful aphrodisiacs, from brain chemicals to natural scents, perhaps good overall health and fitness can help ensure sexual success.
in the last decade, health club membership in america has almost doubled.
but although tight abs and firm thighs may be pleasing to the eye, trying to attain a beautiful body might not be the only reason to have a good workout.
of those who did some type of aerobic activity regularly 40% were more easily aroused:
31% had sex more often and 25% reached orgasm faster than women who didn't exercise.
but is this simply because exercise brings increased self-confidence or is exercise provoking any chemical reactions inside our bodies?
a vigorous workout can contribute to a release of beta-endorphins also known as 'feel good opiates'.
endorphins are primarily found in the pituitary gland in the brain and are distributed throughout the nervous system.
they are thought to be connected to our feelings of euphoria changes in appetite and the release of sex hormones that are essential to our sex drives.
sex therapists karen and greg open up their new jersey phone lines for their regional radio show 'love matters.'
they counsel listeners whose love lives may need a little boost.
and both my husband and i are really busy, we have demanding jobs and we have demanding home lives and now it's not that the spark is gone, but it's defimitely waning.
greg has been a sex therapist for over 30 years and karen for 15 years.
since i figured that ms was going to be time-consuming and energy consuming,
i had to get rid of everything that i figured was unimportant and save my time and energy for the things that were important- so i got rid of everything but sex.
determined to keep their sex lives vibrant, and to be able to advise their patients and listeners on the latest libido enhancers,
greg and karen turned to exercise in their case, the eastern practice of tantra.
tantra for us becomes an exercise of both mind and body.
from the body standpoint, it helps us build the energy that we have, and it also helps us, release energy you know that goes into stress and it allows us to gain a relaxation and a joining then of each other.
the western approach is to emphasize the physical by spending hours on the treadmill or lifting weights.
in the ancient cultures of the east however, it is more about the mind and body connection with a very strong focus on sex, so exercises such as yoga and tantra were developed.
like some herbal aphrodisiacs tantra and yoga are said to help blood flow.
in yoga there are many exercises that because of the particular posture they will stimulate blood flow to certain organs.
and specific yoga exercises are geared towards improving the function of the ovaries the adrenal glands and the pituitary hypothalamus.
and it's the relationship of these organs together that helps our sexual function flow smoothly.
aside from increasing blood flow to our sex glands, yoga also includes specific exercises that can be used to make sex better.
some exercises help strengthen the muscles in the pelvic region, while others can help control orgasm and ejaculation.
stretching is really one of the best exercises that i can do because it allows me to be flexible.
and even with your ms, you're actually more flexible than i am which annoys me, but the tantra exercises help us to build and keep sexual energy high.
for karen and greg, tantra proved to be the answer to their sexual dreams, but for others, dance is a great sexual enhancer.
throughout history, dance has been used in courtship rituals and often as a prelude to sex.
many of the latin dances for example are very sensual and very sexual.
many of the rituals involved in mating in various different civilizations involved dance.
for karen and greg, exercise has defimitely helped to enhance their sex lives, but sometimes, we need a prescription to perform.
vast strides in medical technology have helped to make the issue of sexual performance a 21st century obsession.
in the united states it is estimated that over 58 million men and women may suffer from some form of sexual dysfunction.
the cause could be physical psychological or both but drug companies are competing to find a cure.
perhaps one of the most well known pharmaceuticals today is viagra.
to date over 16 million prescriptions for viagra have been filled in the united states alone.
$880 million dollars of sales and new treatments continue to hit the market.
there is a myth that these medications will enhance and create super sexual beings, and i think that that's something that's a risk as well because we don't want to become too intercourse focused as a society.
after greg was diagnosed with multiple sclerosis, he suffered from erectile dysfunction and had to face the reality that medical assistance was needed.
his doctor prescribed caverject- the first prescription medication approved by the fd a for erectile dysfunction.
because i'm the one who used to pass out just at the mere thought of getting a shot, and this has never been a problem.
what's so neat about this is just how well it works and how quickly it works.
for over 15 years, the pharmaceutical industry has targeted erectile dysfunction in men.
but now, the race is on to find the magic formula for women.
we used to think that male erection problems were primarily psychologically, or emotionally based, and now we've come to learn that in fact most male erection problems are physical or organic, meaning that there is a medical basis for them.
and we are just now, we're 20 years behind the men, but we are just now beginning to realize that as far as female sexual function, there are in fact a significant number of medical and physiologic processes that can affect sexuality in women.
a recent study conducted by the university of chicago found that over 40% of women in the united states may suffer from sexual dysfunction.
the result - drugs ranging from estrogen rings to blood flow creams that enhance genital sensation are being developed at a frenzied pace.
the best candidate for medication is a woman who was satisfied with her sexual response at one point in time, and now for whatever physical reason whether it be a pelvic surgery, or menopause or medication, is no longer able to respond as she once could.
this time of life has caused sexuality, the drive that is, to wane a little bit.
one could only imagine that women all over the world at my age are perhaps experiencing the same thing.
one could only imagine that even sophia loren must be you know going through this experience as well... 55 year old petrina wells is not alone in her concern.
in fact, it is estimated that over 24 million women around the world reach menopause every year.
with aging and menopause, women experience a variety of changes in their sexual function, being increased vaginal dryness increased pain with intercourse, changes in their ability to become aroused, difficulty achieving orgasm, and those changes are primarily due to the change in the hormones.
unlike many menopausal women around the world who accept their waning sex drive in silence,
petrina, set off to canyon ranch spa in tucson, arizona to consult women's health expert dr. lana holstein.
doctors have long been prescribing hormone replacement therapy for men suffering from impotence and women going through menopause, but today testosterone is the one that pharmaceutical companies are targeting as the next best libido prescription.
if you don't have any testosterone i think you do have trouble accessing your level of sexual interest or desire, so from my point of view, it is a very important aphrodisiac if you will.
in other words, it's a substance that we need to have in our body in order to access that want that desire.
in the age-old aphrodisiac quest modern medicine is finally offering some alternatives.
if you're talking about an aphrodisiac or an agent for lust it is testosterone.
and um, we're just in the very beginning, early phases of understanding the role of testosterone in women, but that is the hormone of desire in both men and women.
for petrina, the testosterone treatment may offer her the opportunity for many more years of passion with her partner rusty,
and she will need to follow-up with her doctor to monitor the effects of the medication.
but be it pharmeceuticals or age old aphrodisiacs, the goal remains the same.
i think its part of our human nature to keep searching for something better and as we discover more substances, we'll probably learn so much more about our physiology and be able to discover newer and greater things that will turn us on.
in the shop of his father, the upholsterer for the king, jean-baptiste poquelin reads to his brothers and sisters his first comical verses
an actor of the comedia italia, tiberio fiorelli aka scaramouche wishes to purchase some accessories
they even killed kim ku, and i couldn't die when i should have
since then, i lived each day hoping it'll be my last
you should be witnesses to today's execution, and spread the word
how reckless and foolish it is to fight against the great japanese empire
so far, they're good to us, but they have their own moves
our provisional government is there too and it's best that we don't trust them too much
dan-jae says he knew nothing, but he received 500 rubles to write 'the history of chosun'
the problem isn't the 500 rubles, but it's the missing 1 00,000 rubles
after killing the only man i loved, did you have to go so far as to use me to kill minami?
tell me why the hell did we have that fake funeral?
let them have all the credit what good are they, anyway?
in 1 91 0, the traitors sold the government to japan,
we make sure of the cruiser's structure and size in advance
even if we fail, dead or alive we will still make it to our homeland
after three days of loathing, he went over to north korea.
today, i am to receive a medal from the president of south korea,
skyscrapers are as much a part of istanbul as st. sophia and the topkapi which you have come to see but the city still has that charm acquired over the centuries.
istanbul lies between two worlds, two seas, two continents, europe and asia.
once the capital was conquered mehmed ii ordered a search for the remains of the martyr, and when they had been miraculously identified thanks to the dream or vision of a "shi" he ordered the building of a mosque venerated since then by all turks.
an earthquake which took place at the beginning of the 18th century caused serious damage and it was rebuilt in the year 1800.
the tomb of eyup is one of the most interesting monuments in ottoman istanbul.
as well as its walls of 16th century ceramics you can observe the strange religious behavior of the turkish moslems.
one of the things the turks rightly label us as is dirty.
no man or woman in spain washes twice in a lifetime."
there's no problem renewing your passport but to live here you need a residence certificate.
check with your turkish friends but in theory you need a justifiable occupation here.
i beg you to stay and enjoy the evening with the very same ease as i leave you with.
i will tell alain, my secretary to visit you tomorrow at the bazaar.
beneath that silk, you both have breasts which are swelling hearts which are racing, breathing which is agitated contractions which you are beginning to feel somewhere.
love is always there to be discovered especially with more than two.
a humming which, from now on will mark my hours of solitude.
it will be sweet to die from this memory although i don't know
nero greets brittanicus and sends you this pretty slave girl from chio.
she brings with her a jug of precious wine from her country.
give to the centurion this cup of wine and tell him to drink to the health of his emperor nero.
on her way to brittanicus, the slave girl is stopped by partying youngsters.
she brings with her a jug of precious wine from her country.
drink this, and keep the girl as sign of our friendship.
believing ulysses to be dead, the suitors take possession of his house and demand that penelope choose a new husband among them.
penelope manages to put off the choice of the new husband as long as until she will have finished weaving the shroud.
polyphemus hurls a rock at ulysses' ship and begs for neptune's revenge.
to escape the seductive call of the sirens, ulysses blocks the ears of his companions with wax, ...and has himself tied to the mast of the ship.
during the passage through the strait of scylla and charybdis ulysses' ship looses six more companions, whom the monster eats.
ulysses lands in sicily, where the sacred bulls of jupiter are located.
ulysses, who removed himself from his companions, is called back by the smoke of burning bulls.
aching with hunger, despite his warnings, ulysses' companions feed on the meat of the sacred bulls.
to avenge polyphemus, the seagod neptune steers the ship to sea.
saved by a miracle, ulysses goes ashore at the mouth of a stream.
penelope declares to wish to marry he among the suitors who is capable to string the bow of ulysses.
ulysses watches the inability of the suitors at stringing his bow, and now has his bow handed to himself.
after the death of claudius, agrippina has nero made emperor, annoying the true heir britannicus.
because the government does not dare to oppose agrippina, it acknowledges nero as emperor.
"half way through life i was in a dark forest, because i had lost the right path."
three beasts - a panther, a lion and a wolf -
the styx, in which are immersed sloths and the angry, beaten in various ways.
flegias, the famous atheist, transports dante and virgil to the city of dis.
vanity and foolishness flourished at the roman court after the death of caeasar.
heliogabalus came into an empire controlled by courtesans, where he felt happy and right at home.
- such a nice healthy guy like you should make sure they don't bring beer here.
- do you know where are we on world's scale in drinking alcohol?
- ...and the police caught him because he tried to hide the money in his coat.
then his wife spreaded out that he wanted to commit a suicide.
- but you put the plums into the entrance like left handed.
- hello miss toufarova, my name is jedlicka, i am captain of criminal department.
- one aunt tried to throttle me and wanted money from me.
- another aunt wanted to date me in front of tobacco shop in public!
- i have a number of the car of the man!
- i could have asked the captain whether i need to stay over night or no.
- once i've read that they caught the whole group of robbers thanks to numbers of banknotes.
- do you have numbers of the banknotes you put into the savings bank today?
- the aunt said they don't have any fingerprints, which means they don't even have yours.
- you didn't leave any tracks after you, so nothing can happen to you.
- you have a great imagination, i would really like to find this person.
- what will we say to mr. captain about that you can't find the numbers of the banknotes?
- you think about dogs, while we are solving human life and our money!
- that likeable lover of animals of yours could have been the robber!
- yes, he has a muzzle, he is on a leash and here is a bag of...
- that's alright, we are looking for a smaller dog, see...
- it is clear, the robber is someone else than the man in the car.
- i already thought so, because you described him so nicely.
- maybe it was bad idea to want him to confess.
- if the police asked him, he would never tell them the truth.
- he just got out of yard of the savings bank and he had keys.
- and when i went to tell him to confess, he said he will murder me if i tell you a word about it.
- i am sorry if i disturb you, i am captain jedlicka.
- we only need some information from you, please sit down.
- i never knew it was the yard of the savings bank...
- but we have information about you being on the yard
- i don't have time to explain this to you now...
- fanny got knocked down by a yellow car with the murderer in it.
- but for double homicide you will get a death penalty
- you either have read bad detective stories, or your nerves are not fine.
- i just don't understand that the number of his car is the same like the number on the paper...
- fanny, that second number was of the car with the man, when we didn't know it was our misa yet.
how the boy scout of 1 4 years old viewed jonkerbosch and kwakkenberg.
thirteen parts, played by a family of parents and five children.
a farmer and his wife, their 3 sons and 2 daughters.
'black eagle', indian of a hostile tribe his wife and their 2 girls.
homer, the great greek poet of the 9th century before christ, in the iliad sings to his countrymen of the heroic deeds of the greeks before troy in the years 1194 to 1184 before christ.
which homer managed to convey so glowingly to contemporary and descendant in his ilias consisting of 24 songs about the battle of the greeks, before and in troy.
which homer managed to convey so glowingly to contemporary and descendant in his ilias consisting of 24 songs about the battle of the greeks, before and in troy.
menelaus, king of sparta, departing to visit the court of his brother agamemnon takes leave of his wife helen, who was famous for her extraordinary beauty.
paris, son of the trojan king, comes to the court of menelaus and in his absence is greeted by helen.
the young trojan has made a deep impression on the beautiful helen, with his magnificent retinue and the offering of more than royal oriental treasures, so unknown to the spartan people.
the loyal slave of menelaus, who spied on the queen and paris when venus, the goddess of love, covered them with her veil, brings the message to the king of his wife's infidelity.
carried by the god zephyrus, representing the soft wind of love in the fable lore, ...helen is transported to troy, there to be received with royal honours at paris' side.
the joint greek monarchs decide to exterminate troy, and so avenge the indignity that paris, the king's son, has inflicted upon one of the bravest spartan monarch.
while the luxurious daily routine continues during the 10 year siege of troy, ...a message is brought that another tremendous attack by the besiegers has been beaten off.
since the greeks could not overcome the city by force, it is decided to resort to cunning.
a number of soldiers was hidden in a wooden horse of great proportions and by quick departure of the troops it was made as if the siege has been broken.
the trojans decide to bring the horse, this idol of the greeks, ...inside the walls of troy for the appeasement of their own gods.
the colossal size of the horse makes it necessary that a part of the fortress wall must be torn down, a gap which the trojans in their flush of victory fail to repair.
the greek soldiers, the living contents of the wooden horse, ...begin their destructive work by setting fire to troy in several places.
through the gap that the trojans had made to bring in the horse, ...now enter the greek soldiers, and surprise the trojans, already frightened by the fire.
a maiden's life must be sacri- ficed in the waters of the nile.
ramses, suspecting the worst, takes amebi to the temple where the bride of the nile will be chosen.
the escape is prevented, and ramses is cursed and driven from the temple.
amebi is being prepared for the great sacrifice, and is brought in celebration to the banks of the nile by the people.
the life of a maiden must be sacrificed in the waters of the nile.
ramses, not fearing any wrong, leads amebi to the temple where the bride of the nile will be chosen.
through the priest, amebi is dedicated as the sacrifice for the goddess.
a few friends of ramses suggest that he abduct his bride, amebi from the temple.
the flight is prevented and ramses is cursed and driven from the temple.
amebi is prepared for the great sacrifice and is brought in celebration to the people at the banks of the nile.
three beings coexist: my wife and i and a third person...
among us there is such great tension, the conflict of feelings so painful,
karadjordje, the first serbian feature film was filmed in summer 1911. and presented on october 23rd.
for the last time, movie was presented in 1928. in usa and since than it was considered as lost.
film was founded in austrian film archive in wien in july of 2003.
movie was authenticated by general manager of "jugoslovenska kinoteka" radoslav zelenovic... and manager of "arhiva jugoslovenske kinoteke" aleksandar erdeljanovic.
after serbia was defeated in kosovo battle in 1389, since 1459. it was occupied by turkish empire.
for almost four centuries serbian people was humiliated and without any rights...
but serbs believed that they are going to be free and united again some day.
man who united serbs and brought freedom was "father of serbia" karadjordje petrovic (1762-1817).
- don't you know that serb would kill anyone for his honor?
- you are threatening, but how you are going to... your master and sultans son?
his stepfather petronije changed his mind and said that he is going to give them away to turks if they don't come back.
it's better for me to kill him and be responsible in gods eyes than to let turks to kill us all.
milos obranovic, duke of rudnik area become leader of second uprising, in takovo.
in two years, by negotiations and in battle field, he managed to get autonomy and become grand duke.
what kind of ghost would have make up and dress so sexily?
but i died like this i don't want to be like this too
my name is chan siu dip i was from hong kong i was a very famous actress in the cantonese opera i came to malaysia to act
but on my way to the hotel i was caught and killed by 3 men!
hey now that ah ngau quit what shall we do now?
sorry ah man i think we are not going to continue too.
ngau and the others are gone' i don't know if i am still able to help you alone
if you still want to help me can you please take me to the forest?
his name is ah cheung and he has always treated me very well.
when i was killed he cannot accept it and killed himself!
even though we can't be together seeing you makes me feel like i am looking at ah chueng again.
i hope that when you see this photo you will think like me and
then why do you say that you can't see his shadow in the mirror?
now i can but just now i really can't see his shadow.
the traffic accident i saw that day it happened to you guys' you are still in a coma in a hospital.
that means that your soul have left the body' then you are ghosts!
that's why we need to help siu dip so that we can go to heaven!
then may i ask what wrong have you done in your life?
he told us to come first, he will call us when he arrives!
hey, why did yung man kin tell us to come here?
if you want to leave i won't stop you but don't lose hope after one accident!
don't lose trust because of 1 bad incident i tell you what is in front of you might not be real!
he already fired 1 4' so he only got 2 left!
so you want us to rush out out to risk his 2 bullets?
now she can give it all up because of man do you still think she is a bad ghost?
on the other hand no matter how powerful you are you still cannot see through a human heart!
i was afraid that the ghost will refuse to leave and tell everyone about what happened to her!
now that she is gone after you are dead no one will know my secret!
when i killed goat and turkey l wrap them with red rope just like you now!
that's means you can never return to this world and find me!
he is 5 feet 1 0 inches tall' of medium build.
it is believed that he is involved lin the murder of two people in sriracha of one malayan chinese and police detective weng yung man kin .
i have not believed hiu wa and siu dip in the end they both died for me!
and because of this i realized that for both human and ghosts trust is a very important thing!
the seine is like a person sometimes she runs and rushes past hurrying her step when evening falls.
sometimes in spring she pulls up short and gazes at you like a mirror.
and if you cry she cries or smiles to cheer you up and always breaks into laughter when the summer sun appears.
"the seine," says a labourer, a man of sorrows, of dreams of muscles and sweat.
"she has the voice of youth", says a woman in love, smiling a woman in love from the vert galant.
a woman from the îie des cygnes, telling herself the same in her dreams.
"the seine is a river like any other," says a disenchanted voice of a correct and blasé man one of the first passengers of the latest sterilized tourist boats.
a river with bridges, docks and quays a river with eddies from sewers and sometimes a drowned man, if it is not a dead dog.
a river like the durance or the guadalquivir or the amazon or moselle, the rhine, the thames or the nile.
a river like the river love like the river love, sings the broadening seine and at night the milky way accompanies its tender golden murmur and also the railway with its usual muffled din.
the louvre, tuileries, eiffel and pointue towers and notre dame, obelisk, gare de lyon, austerlitz they are my châteaux of the loire.
the seine, it's my rivièra and me, i'm its true tourist and when it runs cold and naked, howling complaints against strangers you have to be short on memory to call it distress, misery or despair but fairy tales and nightmares should not be confused.
and then when below the pont neuf the dying day's wind blows out my candle when i withdraw from the business of life when i'm finally at ease in the grand palace of those at rest at bagneux at père lachaise, i shall smile and say to myself:
there once was the seine once there once was love there once was misfortune and another time forgetfulness.
there are the inshore pickets, and several hundred miles beyond them are the off shore pickets.
another radar fence stretches across the long unfortified border between the united states and canada.
even farther north, in the very shadow of the north pole this fence... the distant early warning system known as the dew line.
ready to transmit the first warning signal of a sneak attack across the polar region.
to build the dew line an armada of ships was assembled in the largest, and most secretly planned operation since the normandy invasion.
grinding through treacherous polar ice fields in a desperate gamble against time and weather
then shelters for the men, for the planes, and for operations.
... and while some hands are busying laying long pipelines to transport fuel, others build tanks to store it.
the work continues, day and night, around the clock, 7 days a week.
at long last, the ships are gone, the summer is gone, but the job is finished.
operations, colonel parkman here, get my plane ready... (red eagle one calling weather 4...) ... oh and uh, alert lt. pizar.
red eagle one calling weather 4, red eagle one calling weather 4, come in weather 4.
i realize that the air force hasn't given you much time in which to make your tests..
... and a definitive job may have been out of the question in the short time you've had, but the department of defense hopes that during these two days of concentrated efforts, you've come to some conclusion about this.
... but as to what creature, it was once a part of, we we are completely in the dark.
our mathamist, dr. arnold burton, has been unable to identify this object.
professor harvy pierce is certain from his exploration that the "hook", cannot belong to the neurological system.
well you seem to know more about what it isn't than what it is.
we recommend that you ask dr. nedrick jackson of the museum of natural history here in washington, to look into this.
he's their chief paleontologist and the countries leading authority on the ali gasi and carnivori
some invertebrates where there skeletons on the outside, well it an outer shell called an exoskeleton which is hard and rigid enough to protect the internal organs.
insects have thin flexible places within their heads and bodies which allows them freedom of movement.
of course if it is an insect it certainly doesn't tell us what kind it is.
well find that out partly from what we know, but mostly from what deduce.
well we, did what we could in the time we had.
of course you didn't know exactly what you were looking for.
with very few exceptions the blood of insects contains no red corpuscles.
now that we suspect this hook may have come from an insect...
... and the ant inside this amber is at least 90 million years old.
now we've been able to learn from pieces of amber like this...
that certain ancient insect forms have continued without variation until today.
that others have changed to meet changing conditions and certain species have vanished completely.
that prehistoric dragonfly measures 2 feet from wing tip to wing tip.
... and like the modern dragonfly, it too was a flesh eater.
on the contrary we stretch our understanding to, try and take in the universe.
alright, suppose, just for the sake of argument that we admit such an insect once existed.
as though it were part of an insect no larger than those we know today.
like oh, the grasshopper, the beetle, or the cricket, then ask yourself...
the diet consist mostly of small insects such as leafhoppers, grasshoppers, caterpillars and others.
a substantial part of the diet may also include small frogs and lizards.
the female is larger than the male and invariably destroys her mate when he's fulfilled his function in life.
now the hook they found on the plane may very well be a spur from one of its forelegs.
gentlemen, if you were in my position and what you had was a theory, not facts, just a theory,
i'm sure you'd withhold it to avoid any speculation that might prove disastrous.
i'm convinced that we're dealing with a mantis and whose geological world the smallest insects were as large as man.
and, the failing to find those insects for its food, it's...
the only thing to do is to keep the patrols out straight around the clock until we're sure.
and remember i want a report on anything from mid canada, or pine tree.
this is just a stab in the dark but you chaps asked us to report anything unusual and... yes...
as i said, it may not mean a thing, but we caught an unidentified object in our scope.
and he'll keep going south till he reaches the tropics where he'll find the same kind of climate and jungle vegetation from which he came originally.
now let's see he'll probably pass over labrador, nova scotia, then he'll hit the gulf stream.
some 400,000 members, of the civilian ground observer corp are gathered to learn more about this fantastic creature.
this program is being presented by the continental air defense command.
i visited the weather shack, and i also inspected the wreckage of the aircraft that this thing destroyed.
now we have every reason to believe that the mantis is flying south...
this object, is a spur broken off the fore leg of the mantis when it destroyed the c47.
now the spur of a normal size mantis is so small it's difficult to measure.
now you ground observers are well trained in the identification of aircraft.
here, to scale, is the deadly mantis, and here, is the c47, which it destroyed.
thecauseof theaccident,which occurred only 5 minutes ago is still to be explained... ...sincetherewas noothervehicle involved.
thisaccident,in additiontothetrain wreck which was reported a very short time before... ...makesatotalof7accidentsin this area within the last 24 hours.
hey smart guy, i thought i told you to stay out of that road, now come on get back there!
" i'm going home and watch it on tv." why go ahead home and watch it on tv.
you can't mix wives and women, even to build a railroad.
stop this shilly-shally music and give me a jig i can dance to.
like i told you, the boys hit a good vein, followed it through the mountain.
last week they busted out on the far side and there wasn't nothing there but blue sky.
but i don't trust him now any more than i did when i sent him after the utica kid.
i sent you after a thief and you gave him a horse to get away on.
a man likes to know his woman will back him when he's down and you didn't.
ben called me a thief and you went right along with him.
but when you put it through the latch of a boxcar, you can't open the door from the inside.
now, you ask me, who would want to open the door of a boxcar from the inside?
you'll get that money even if you had to kill your own brother?
the next ore bucket that comes down, pull it around and jump in.
five years ago you'd have got a bullet between the eyes.
i've seen him kill men that could eat you without salt.
like i told you, the boys hit a good vein, followed it through the mountain.
last week they busted out on the far side and there wasn't nothing there but blue sky.
he doesn't belong in a private car with clerks, figures and pressure from the office.
he belongs at the end of track, running a gang and building a railroad.
it's been a long time since you heard that word, hasn't it?
mother and dad used to bring it up once in a while when we were kids.
you can't mix wives and women, even to build a railroad.
stop this shilly-shally music and give me a jig i can dance to.
like i told you, the boys hit a good vein, followed it through the mountain.
last week they busted out on the far side and there wasn't nothing there but blue sky.
but i don't trust him now any more than i did when i sent him after the utica kid.
i sent you after a thief and you gave him a horse to get away on.
a man likes to know his woman will back him when he's down and you didn't.
ben called me a thief and you went right along with him.
but when you put it through the latch of a boxcar, you can't open the door from the inside.
now, you ask me, who would want to open the door of a boxcar from the inside?
you'll get that money even if you had to kill your own brother?
the next ore bucket that comes down, pull it around and jump in.
five years ago you'd have got a bullet between the eyes.
i've seen him kill men that could eat you without salt.
# so i bought myself a satchel and a stovepipe hat
# and i headed for the station gonna travel all about
like i told you, the boys hit a good vein, followed it through the mountain.
last week they busted out on the far side and there wasn't nothing there but blue sky.
he doesn't belong in a private car with clerks, figures and pressure from the office.
he belongs at the end of track, running a gang and building a railroad.
# so i bought myself a shovel and i bought myself a pick
# and i laid a little track along the bullfrog crick
# then i built a locomotive out of 20 empty cans
# and i tooted on the whistle and the darned thing ran
# something's gotta take you there and gotta bring you back
# you can't go any distance in a buggy or a hack #
it's been a long time since you heard that word, hasn't it?
mother and dad used to bring it up once in a while when we were kids.
five years ago you'd have got a bullet between the eyes.
i've seen him kill men that could eat you without salt.
# i was farming in missouri i was getting tired of that
# so i bought myself a satchel and a stovepipe hat
# and i headed for the station gonna travel all about
# but there wasn't any station and i soon found out
# something's gotta take you there and gotta bring you back
# oh, you can't go any distance in a buggy or a hack
like i told you, the boys hit a good vein, followed it through the mountain.
last week they busted out on the far side and there wasn't nothing there but blue sky.
but i don't trust him now any more than i did when i sent him after the utica kid.
i sent you after a thief and you gave him a horse to get away on.
a man likes to know his woman will back him when he's down and you didn't.
ben called me a thief and you went right along with him.
but when you put it through the latch of a boxcar, you can't open the door from the inside.
now, you ask me, who would want to open the door of a boxcar from the inside?
# and i laid a little track along the bullfrog crick
# then i built a locomotive out of 20 empty cans
five years ago you'd have got a bullet between the eyes.
i've seen him kill men that could eat you without salt.
there's always some jackass will find it where the rail road ain't.
then he'll send for me and a few more jackasses to bring in his grub and pack out his ore!
like i told you, the boys hit a good vein, followed it through the mountain.
last week they busted out on the far side and there wasn't nothing there but blue sky.
you belong to the rail road and it belongs to you.
there were a lot of things that used to belong to me and somehow i lost them.
a man likes to know his woman will back him when he's down and you didn't.
ben called me a thief and you went right along with him.
but when you put it through the latch of a boxcar, you can't open the door from the inside.
now, you ask me, who would want to open the door of a boxcar from the inside?
then i'll take 12 hours start, you get your wife back.
see what happens when you don't carry your brains in your feet?
i am still here, therefore the curse is still at work.
would you do the same thing if another child were born to you feet first?
we stop their tribal dances, we stop them circumcising their women.
then we offer them our way of life, something they can't grasp.
i swear to kill an englishman or may this oath kill me and my family.
i swear to kill an englishman or may this oath kill me and my family.
i will gather cooking stones with my wife as my father before me gathered cooking stones with my mother.
like you, i cannot tear out what is in my heart.
there may be mau mau on your farms, in your cities, in your homes.
any african found with a gun may be punished by death.
it's not easy for holly looking after papa and little jeff and me.
it's not easy going to bed with a rifle by your side night after night instead of a husband never knowing if you're going to see daylight again.
because you wanted to be able to come back to god.
yes, ngai, i come to you faithful with no other gods before you.
the capture of a high-ranking oath administrator has led to the arrest of many mau mau in the nyeri district.
loyal kikuyu witnesses are cooperating by pointing out those africans who have taken the blood oath.
the emergency operations now cost the government more than a million pounds every month.
several farmers in the nyeri district have quit their farms and returned to england.
if i lie before this symbol of god my children and their children and my home and my land will turn to dust.
and when i die i will have no life hereafter except to live forever in eternity by the cursed hyena, cowardly eater of the dead.
we stop their tribal dances, we stop them circumcising their women.
then we offer them our way of life, something they can't grasp.
it's not easy for holly looking after papa and little jeff and me.
it's not easy going to bed with a rifle by your side night after night instead of a husband never knowing if you're going to see daylight again.
when it storms, the kikuyu believes he is face-to-face with god.
thunder is the sound of god cracking his joints preparing for battle.
because you wanted to be able to come back to god.
yes, ngai, i come to you faithful with no other gods before you.
tell him you gave the blood oath to others by night, by force.
that you gave it before witnesses, gave it to women and children.
the capture of a high-ranking oath administrator has led to the arrest of many mau mau in the nyeri district.
loyal kikuyu witnesses are cooperating by pointing out those africans who have taken the blood oath.
you wouldn't have one chance in a thousand of coming out alive.
the emergency operations now cost the government more than a million pounds every month.
several farmers in the nyeri district have quit their farms and returned to england.
mau mau gangs are being forced deeper into the aberdare mountains.
i am still here, therefore the curse is still at work.
would you do the same thing if another child were born to you feet first?
then we offer them our way of life, something they can't grasp.
we say, "look how clean and rich and clever we are".
he struck a black man to prove that the white man is master, nothing else.
you are not in jail because of a curse but only because we are judged by their laws.
i swear to kill an englishman or may this oath kill me and my family.
i swear to kill an englishman or may this oath kill me and my family.
you will pass through the arch seven times and thereby enter a new life.
you will receive seven cuts on the arm to bind you together.
if i sell land to any foreigners, may this oath kill me.
if i sell land to any foreigners, may this oath kill me.
i will gather cooking stones with my wife as my father before me gathered cooking stones with my mother.
like you, i cannot tear out what is in my heart.
there may be mau mau on your farms, in your cities, in your homes.
any african found with a gun may be punished by death.
no more than you or a dozen other women around here.
it's not easy for holly looking after papa and little jeff and me.
since the creation of mount kenya has god ever told you to steal and murder and burn and hate?
is it the will of god that you eat human flesh and blood?
the emergency operations now cost the government more than a million pounds every month.
several farmers in the nyeri district have quit their farms and returned to england.
mau mau has killed a hundred of my people for every one of yours.
i want the same thing for the african that kimani wants.
then we offer them our way of life, something they can't grasp.
we say, "look how clean and rich and clever we are".
he struck a black man to prove that the white man is master, nothing else.
you are not in jail because of a curse but only because we are judged by their laws.
you will pass through the arch seven times and thereby enter a new life.
you will receive seven cuts on the arm to bind you together.
if i sell land to any foreigners, may this oath kill me.
if i sell land to any foreigners, may this oath kill me.
no more than you or a dozen other women around here.
it's not easy for holly looking after papa and little jeff and me.
when it storms, the kikuyu believes he is face-to-face with god.
thunder is the sound of god cracking his joints preparing for battle.
since the creation of mount kenya has god ever told you to steal and murder and burn and hate?
is it the will of god that you eat human flesh and blood?
tell him you gave the blood oath to others by night, by force.
that you gave it before witnesses, gave it to women and children.
several farmers in the nyeri district have quit their farms and returned to england.
mau mau gangs are being forced deeper into the aberdare mountains.
mau mau has killed a hundred of my people for every one of yours.
i want the same thing for the african that kimani wants.
i'm ready to be for you, but i need to know against whom?
i have already told you about my former friend - gang richoni?
they will quickly realize which way the wind blows, if they have a head on their shoulders.
to get the moolah, they killed two agents and three passers-by.
once he has a grandmother, it can no longer shake hands?
if he had a grandmother, he would not have worked for cinco.
if i were in your place, i would know what to do.
you have returned the money that i have a year must be his sister?
but if you think that he will be able to remember the customer...!
we then give out per day more than one thing, so...
i'm getting your son in law, and you save a circus.
for the salvation of the circus, my kvedchi, you need a lot of money.
when the motley your age gets 10 years - this is the end.
are you ready for 10 years wearing a gray robe and slippers tinkering?
i have always loved silk shirts and shoes made to order.
and i have not traded in a row, it would be illogical.
she'll be a full professor soon, while you're still only a md.
if children don't surpass their parents, then the children are fools and the parents are no better.
oh frogs, you keep on croaking, why didn't you think of looking up?
you went on leaping, in mud soaking that's why you ended eaten up.
comrade boris, you must fight to the last drop of your blood.
smash the accursed fascists, and we, in the factory, will fulfil and overfulfil our quotas.
the trouble is, not all of them will be coming back.
for those who don't, a magnificent monument, with their names inscribed in gold.
we dreamed of it in the darkest hours of our struggle.
but we'll never forget those who lie silent on the battlefield.
years will pass, our cities will rise again, and our wounds may one day be forgotten.
let one thing remain in our hearts, a cold hatred of war!
we deeply feel the grief of those who cannot meet their loved ones today.
we must all take a vow to keep our promise that sweethearts will never again be parted by war, that mothers may never again fear for their children, that our brave fathers may not stealthily swallow their tears.
i wish everyone were as kind- hearted as you are, mark.
the symptomatology of this type of compound injury depends primarily on changes in the nodal structure...
i guess there's no harm in telling you because you're not the family.
but how do you tell a man his son was killed?
but we'll never forget those who lie silent on the battlefield.
years will pass, our cities will rise again, and our wounds may one day be forgotten.
let one thing remain in our hearts, a cold hatred of war!
we deeply feel the grief of those who cannot meet their loved ones today.
we must all take a vow to keep our promise that sweethearts will never again be parted by war, that mothers may never again fear for their children, that our brave fathers may not stealthily swallow their tears.
we have won and remained alive, not for destruction but to build a new life!
she'll be a full professor soon, while you're still only a md.
if children don't surpass their parents, then the children are fools then the children are fools
oh frogs, you keep on croaking, why didn't you think of looking up?
you went on leaping, in mud soaking that's why you ended eaten up.
comrade boris, you must fight to the last drop of your blood
smash the accursed fascists, and we, in the factory, will fulfil and overfulfil our quotas.
the trouble is, not all of them will be coming back.
for those who don't, a magnificent monument, with their names inscribed in gold.
we dreamed of it in the darkest hours of our struggle.
but we'll never forget those who lie silent on the battlefield
years will pass, our cities will rise again, and our wounds may one day be forgotten.
let one thing remain in our hearts, a cold hatred of war!
we deeply feel the grief of those who cannot meet their loved ones today.
we must all take a vow to keep our promise that sweethearts will never again be parted by war, that mothers may never again fear for their children that our brave fathers may not stealthily swallow their tears.
she'll be a full professor soon, while you're still only a md.
if children don't surpass their parents, then the children are fools and the parents are no better.
oh frogs, you keep on croaking, why didn't you think of looking up?
you went on leaping, in mud soaking that's why you ended eaten up.
comrade boris, you must fight to the last drop of your blood.
smash the accursed fascists, and we, in the factory, will fulfil and overfulfil our quotas.
the trouble is, not all of them will be coming back.
for those who don't, a magnificent monument, with their names inscribed in gold.
we dreamed of it in the darkest hours of our struggle.
but we'll never forget those who lie silent on the battlefield.
years will pass, our cities will rise again, and our wounds may one day be forgotten.
let one thing remain in our hearts, a cold hatred of war!
we deeply feel the grief of those who cannot meet their loved ones today.
we must all take a vow to keep our promise that sweethearts will never again be parted by war, that mothers may never again fear for their children, that our brave fathers may not stealthily swallow their tears.
she'll be a full professor soon, while you're still only a md.
if children don't surpass their parents, then the children are fools.
i wish everyone were as kind- hearted as you are, mark.
the symptomatology of this type of compound injury depends primarily on changes in the nodal structure...
we dreamed of it in the darkest hours of our struggle.
but we'll never forget those who lie silent on the battlefield.
years will pass, our cities will rise again, and our wounds may one day be forgotten.
let one thing remain in our hearts, a cold hatred of war!
we deeply feel the grief of those who cannot meet their loved ones today.
we must all take a vow to keep our promise that sweethearts will never again be parted by war, that mothers may never again fear for their children that our brave fathers may not stealthily swallow their tears.
if it's something good to eat, i'll eat it and forget about it.
give me something i will always remember, for as long as i live.
"comrade boris, fight to the last drop of blood, and beat the fascists!
and we at the plant will meet and exceed our production quotas."
she almost has her doctorate and you're still just a physician.
well, if children don't surpass their parents, then the parents are bad and the children not much better.
why don't you sit down with us, girls, and drink to my son boris!
things in this world aren't going as smoothly as we might like.
if it's something good to eat, i'll eat it and forget about it.
give me something i will always remember, for as long as i live.
"comrade boris, fight to the last drop of blood, and beat the fascists!
and we at the plant will meet and exceed our production quotas."
i wish everyone were as kind- hearted as you are, mark.
the symptomatology of this type of compound injury depends primarily on changes in the nodal structure...
i guess there's no harm in telling you because you're not the family.
but how do you tell a man his son was killed?
but we'll never forget those who lie silent on the battlefield.
years will pass, our cities will rise again, and our wounds may one day be forgotten.
let one thing remain in our hearts, a cold hatred of war!
we deeply feel the grief of those who cannot meet their loved ones today.
we must all take a vow to keep our promise that sweethearts will never again be parted by war, that mothers may never again fear for their children, that our brave fathers may not stealthily swallow their tears.
we have won and remained alive, not for destruction but to build a new life!
she'll be a full professor soon, while you're still only a md.
if children don't surpass their parents, then the children are fools and the parents are no better.
oh frogs, you keep on croaking, why didn't you think of looking up?
you went on leaping, in mud soaking that's why you ended eaten up.
comrade boris, you must fight to the last drop of your blood.
smash the accursed fascists, and we, in the factory, will fulfil and overfulfil our quotas.
the trouble is, not all of them will be coming back.
for those who don't, a magnificent monument, with their names inscribed in gold.
we dreamed of it in the darkest hours of our struggle.
but we'll never forget those who lie silent on the battlefield.
years will pass, our cities will rise again, and our wounds may one day be forgotten.
let one thing remain in our hearts, a cold hatred of war!
we deeply feel the grief of those who cannot meet their loved ones today.
we must all take a vow to keep our promise that sweethearts will never again be parted by war, that mothers may never again fear for their children, that our brave fathers may not stealthily swallow their tears.
it is an innocent face, like that of a child who hadn't yet peen polluted by life's ugliness
i started my evil deeds by pulling small pranks that later developed into big disasters
i was once at her place, she left me alone and talked to her boyfriend on the phone
she was talking to him while her mother was sitting next to us
as if they knew i would be back at five to meet mostafa in his apartment
then i went to the back of the building as if i were studying the scene of the would-be crime
if he married her for your sake, you can make him love her
i can't believe you love me unless you love everyone else including aunt safy
i will talk about poetry, about music, about the high dam even, if only she'd answer
what do you say if you came over for supper tomorrow?
they play a big role in peoples' lives, what do you say, miss?
i saw a marvelous statue depicting this idea in a museum in rome
safiya, you are the last one i will go to for advice
why did safiya allow him to dance with her like that?
she goes up to his flat till gullible dad comes home
i have been crying ever since and i can't tell dad
you are up to it, leave the credit to me and the banks to you
of course i am up to it, i handle the farm affairs, bank accounts, taxes
i don't want to make a scene, what happened is bad enough
you don't belong here, this has always been a clean house and whoever lives here has to be clean!
he isn't to blame, she is older than him, she pursued him
he was going to shoot her but his daughter stopped him
i don't care, any man would be honored to have you
i never had a brother, aziz and i always considered you my brother, as you know
my father who was all mine and was taken away by another woman
the house is all mine now, i am the mistress here
we will have a big celebration the day you get married, dear
we'll just have a small reception at the hotel and then return to cairo
i drove the loyal wife away from his life and put a cheat in her place
i sold out the innocent woman to buy a criminal instead!
we haven't seen each other for ages and you didn't even call!
if i hadn't called you today, you still wouldn't have called
yes, he asked to propose but i thought i'd introduce him to kawthar and she'd tell you
is he related to hossam pacha, the cotton merchant in alex?
you should take her as your role model for her love and loyalty
i'll go invite our friends and i'll reconfirm with the maazoun
if i knew he'd believe me, i wouldn't hesitate in telling him
i know you worry about him but i'd rather he hurt for a while than live his life a fool!
this safety valve is supposed to be closed when using... like i've told you maybe 60 times.
you don't close it, she blows up, and you've got a nice mess to clean up.
you never think about anything... except those ugly-looking cows, and you never have.
you can start thinking right now where you're gonna find yourself another filly... because this one's jumping the fence.
there isn't even any love, and you just can't live without that.
there was plenty of love with the other guy, i suppose, huh?
when my husband says he isn't interested, mr. denning, he isn't interested.
you couldn't buy him for a thousand a week, so stop wasting your time.
just a big bundle of beautiful bills with ben franklin's picture on 'em.
that's why you wanted ben to take you across the border- so you could get away with it, huh?
the minute i saw your face, it all came back to me.
well, you're like something i've caught... and can't quite cure myself of.
by the time she hits the bottom of that canyon, she'll be in so many pieces... they won't be able to spot 'em from an airplane.
if there's any danger of the border police getting on our trail, i think we ought to-
but can't we at least hide the truck in case we need it later?
if we ever get in a spot where you need this truck to pull you out... you'll be a dead duck anyhow.
"the prints on harry castleton's belt belong to a woman named margaret fowler.
"she drew a one-to-10-year rap in tehachapi for a bunco job.
he was a little hot, so i held it until he cooled off.
so when he came back, you- you just weren't there, huh?
i was just thinking what a fool i am... trying to stay awake to watch you.
you're the one who has to do the watching, not i.
there isn't even any love, and you just can't live without that.
there was plenty of love with the other guy, i suppose, huh?
when my husband says he isn't interested, mr. denning, he isn't interested.
you couldn't buy him for a thousand a week, so stop wasting your time.
the minute i saw your face, it all came back to me.
[sighs] well, you're like something i've caught... and can't quite cure myself of.
this is the only service i know of that's absolutely free.
you have no right to search my car without a warrant.
- ben, when i get back there, they'll check on me.
they'll find out i've broken my parole, and i'll spend the next nine years in the penitentiary.
by the time she hits the bottom of that canyon, she'll be in so many pieces... they won't be able to spot 'em from an airplane.
if there's any danger of the border police getting on our trail, i think we ought to-
but can't we at least hide the truck in case we need it later?
if we ever get in a spot where you need this truck to pull you out... you'll be a dead duck anyhow.
well, that ought to tie it up, especially with this fingerprint report.
"the prints on harry castleton's belt belong to a woman named margaret fowler.
he was a little hot, so i held it until he cooled off.
so when he came back, you- you just weren't there, huh?
i told you i had to clean out the water tank.
if i listened to every stupid story you told me, i'd go crazy!
where would i be if you hadn't gotten me out of california and married me?
serving nine more years in the penitentiary for violation of parole.
if there was a marriage to fight for, i'd stay here the rest of my life, but there isn't.
there isn't even any love, and you just can't live without that.
one man got me into jail, and another man saved me from going back.
now it's time i did something on my own, without any help from anyone-just me.
i've missed you too, nardo, ever since the day i was arrested.
you were supposed to come back from los angeles that morning.
just a big bundle of beautiful bills with ben franklin's picture on 'em.
that's why you wanted ben to take you across the border- so you could get away with it, huh?
the minute i saw your face, it all came back to me.
well, you're like something i've caught... and can't quite cure myself of.
by the time she hits the bottom of that canyon, she'll be in so many pieces... they won't be able to spot 'em from an airplane.
if there's any danger of the border police getting on our trail, i think we ought to-
but can't we at least hide the truck in case we need it later?
if we ever get in a spot where you need this truck to pull you out... you'll be a dead duck anyhow.
"the prints on harry castleton's belt belong to a woman named margaret fowler.
"she drew a one-to-10-year rap in tehachapi for a bunco job.
he was a little hot, so i held it until he cooled off.
so when he came back, you- you just weren't there, huh?
i'm not gonna use any ammunition i might need later on.
what do you think your chances are of getting out of here?
i am the commanding officer of this camp which is camp 1 6 along the great railroad which will soon connect bangkok with rangoon.
you british prisoners have been chosen to build a bridge across the river kwai.
our men must always feel they are still commanded by us and not by the japanese.
so long as they have that idea, they'ii be soldiers and not slaves.
as the british will work on the bridge only a few will be available for railway work.
i must ask you to lend us some of your men to reinforce the railway gang so the final stretch of track can be completed as quickly as possible.
if you're about to be shot there's not much you can do.
here is the river kwai, and here's the village where you were helped.
in one sense you're a hero for making an escape from the jungle.
at the same time, they can't bring you home and give you the navy cross for impersonating an officer.
in view of time, they don't think practice jumps would be worth it.
the consensus is, the most sensible thing for shears to do is to go ahead and jump and hope for the best.
he's going to lead you to the river by a route i never took.
will someone tell me why i'm so indispensable to this outfit?
there's not a man in this hospital who doesn't belong there.
it's no reflection on you, but there are always a few maiingerers.
but, sir, when the job's done, who knows if we can return by this route or whether we could find you if we did?
if you were me, i wouldn't hesitate to leave you and you know that.
if not for the train, we could set a time fuse and be miles away.
since we don't know what time it'ii cross tomorrow we'ii have to do the job manually.
the wrong side of the river but it's the only hiding place within feasible distance.
as soon as the bridge goes up whoever's there will have to swim back.
shears, pick a spot on our side of the bank where you can cover joyce.
yai will be with you so you can occupy the nips if they make trouble for joyce.
on the theory that there's always one more thing i'ii set up the mortar here to create an additional diversion.
perhaps i might even take a few potshots at the train.
most of you move on tomorrow to a new camp and new construction.
it's a pity you won't see the first practical use of this bridge.
you'ii be glad to know that the completion of this link in the railway will enable us to transport the sick and disabled to the new camp by train.
colonel saito has kindly permitted me to stay behind with major ciipton and the sick men and we'ii rejoin you in a few days' time.
they were about to shoot him and he didn't bat an eye.
if you're about to be shot there's not much you can do.
here is the river kwai, and here's the village where you were helped.
here is the river kwai, and here's the village where you were helped.
at the same time, they can't bring you home and give you the navy cross for impersonating an officer.
i suppose that's why they were happy to hand you over.
he's going to lead you to the river by a route i never took.
will someone tell me why i'm so indispensable to this outfit?
there's not a man in this hospital who doesn't belong there.
it's no reflection on you, but there are always a few malingerers.
but, sir, when the job's done, who knows if we can return by this route or whether we could find you if we did?
if you were me, i wouldn't hesitate to leave you and you know that.
if not for the train, we could set a time fuse and be miles away.
since we don't know what time it'll cross tomorrow we'll have to do the job manually.
the wrong side of the river but it's the only hiding place within feasible distance.
as soon as the bridge goes up whoever's there will have to swim back.
shears, pick a spot on our side of the bank where you can cover joyce.
yai will be with you so you can occupy the nips if they make trouble for joyce.
on the theory that there's always one more thing i'll set up the mortar here to create an additional diversion.
perhaps i might even take a few potshots at the train.
most of you move on tomorrow to a new camp and new construction.
it's a pity you won't see the first practical use of this bridge.
you'll be glad to know that the completion of this link in the railway will enable us to transport the sick and disabled to the new camp by train.
colonel saito has kindly permitted me to stay behind with major clipton and the sick men and we'll rejoin you in a few days' time.
i am the commanding officer of this camp which is camp 1 6 along the great railroad which will soon connect bangkok with rangoon.
you british prisoners have been chosen to build a bridge across the river kwai.
i'm sure a man of cmdr. shears' experience will back me up on that.
i'd say that the odds against a successful escape are 1 00 to one.
of course, it's the duty of a captured soldier to attempt escape.
but my men and i are involved in a curious legal point of which you are unaware.
i must call your attention, colonel saito to article 27 of the geneva convention.
" belligerents may employ prisoners of war who are fit, other than officers--"
and so say all of us and so say all of us
for he's a jolly good fellow for he's a jolly good fellow
sir, we're lost in the jungle, a thousand miles from anywhere.
we're under a man who'll stop at nothing to get his way.
a poor commander i would be if i allowed that to happen.
perhaps you are not aware that the bridge is now under my command.
he believes in keeping our training as close to real life as possible.
he believes in keeping our training as close to real life as possible.
do your people have any idea what happened to col. nicholson?
do your people have any idea what happened to col. nicholson?
if you're about to be shot there's not much you can do.
here is the river kwai, and here's the village where you were helped.
in one sense you're a hero for making an escape from the jungle.
at the same time, they can't bring you home and give you the navy cross for impersonating an officer.
in view of time, they don't think practice jumps would be worth it.
if you make one jump there's only a 50º/0 chance of injury.
will someone tell me why i'm so indispensable to this outfit?
i know how you feel, but there's always the unexpected, isn't there?
how to die like a gentleman, how to die by the rules when the only important thing is how to live like a human being!
i'm not gonna leave you here to die, warden because i don't care about your bridge or about your rules.
if he knew we were here, it might boost his morale.
if not for the train, we could set a time fuse and be miles away.
yai will be with you so you can occupy the nips if they make trouble for joyce.
on the theory that there's always one more thing i'll set up the mortar here to create an additional diversion.
i'm sure i speak for all of us when i say this has been a most enjoyable evening.
most of you move on tomorrow to a new camp and new construction.
it's a pity you won't see the first practical use of this bridge.
you'll be glad to know that the completion of this link in the railway will enable us to transport the sick and disabled to the new camp by train.
colonel saito has kindly permitted me to stay behind with major clipton and the sick men and we'll rejoin you in a few days' time.
now that your work here is finished i suppose many of you feel somewhat let down.
but one day, in a week, a month, a year on that day when, god willing, we all return to our homes again you're going to feel very proud of what you've achieved here in the face of great adversity.
what you have done should be and i think will be an example to all our countrymen, soldier and civilian alike.
if saito is correct, the train will arrive in 5 or 1 0 minutes.
if you don't mind, i'll watch from up on the hill.
he gave it to me for a favour i'd done him.
before i pass on, i want to do the same for you.
our men must always feel they are still commanded by us and not by the japanese.
so long as they have that idea, they'll be soldiers and not slaves.
he's been shut up in that hut-- l could have you shot.
those prisoners who tried to escape, they were in your charge.
sir, we're lost in the jungle, a thousand miles from anywhere.
we're under a man who'll stop at nothing to get his way.
a poor commander i would be if i allowed that to happen.
perhaps you are not aware that the bridge is now under my command.
he believes in keeping our training as close to real life as possible.
he believes in keeping our training as close to real life as possible.
do your people have any idea what happened to col. nicholson?
do your people have any idea what happened to col. nicholson?
if you're about to be shot there's not much you can do.
here is the river kwai, and here's the village where you were helped.
in one sense you're a hero for making an escape from the jungle.
at the same time, they can't bring you home and give you the navy cross for impersonating an officer.
will someone tell me why i'm so indispensable to this outfit?
i know how you feel, but there's always the unexpected, isn't there?
how to die like a gentleman, how to die by the rules when the only important thing is how to live like a human being!
i'm not gonna leave you here to die, warden because i don't care about your bridge or about your rules.
if he knew we were here, it might boost his morale.
if not for the train, we could set a time fuse and be miles away.
yai will be with you so you can occupy the nips if they make trouble for joyce.
on the theory that there's always one more thing i'll set up the mortar here to create an additional diversion.
i'm sure i speak for all of us when i say this has been a most enjoyable evening.
most of you move on tomorrow to a new camp and new construction.
it's a pity you won't see the first practical use of this bridge.
you'll be glad to know that the completion of this link in the railway will enable us to transport the sick and disabled to the new camp by train.
colonel saito has kindly permitted me to stay behind with major clipton and the sick men and we'll rejoin you in a few days' time.
now that your work here is finished i suppose many of you feel somewhat let down.
but one day, in a week, a month, a year on that day when, god willing, we all return to our homes again you're going to feel very proud of what you've achieved here in the face of great adversity.
what you have done should be and i think will be an example to all our countrymen, soldier and civilian alike.
if saito is correct, the train will arrive in 5 or 1 0 minutes.
if you don't mind, i'll watch from up on the hill.
he willed that lighter to me for a favor i done him.
before i pass on, i want to do the same for you.
you british prisoners have been chosen... to build a bridge across the river kwai.
it will be pleasant work, requiring skill... and officers will work as well as men.
naturally, my officers and i will be responsible for their conduct.
you may have overlooked that the use of officers for manual labor... is expressly forbidden by the geneva convention.
the men are going as slow on it as they dare... but saito's cut their food rations.
if he makes the sick men work, they're going to die.
if we give in now, there will be no end to it.
sir, we're lost in the jungle a thousand miles from anywhere.
we can teach these barbarians a lesson in western methods and efficiency... that will put them to shame.
we'll show them what the british soldier is capable of doing.
those piles of yours could be hammered below water level before they'd hold.
that bridge would collapse under the first train to cross it.
if we increase the number of squads and specialize the functions of each...
i'm certain the total daily output can be increased by 30 percent.
as most of the british soldiers will be working on the bridge... only a small number will be available for railway work.
so i must ask you, colonel saito, to lend us some of your own men... to reinforce the railway gang... so the final stretch of track can be completed as quickly as possible.
frankly, the consensus of opinion is that it's impossible... but we'll certainly give it a go.
we mustn't forget that we've wasted over a month... through an unfortunate disagreement, for which i was not to blame.
yes, but you could help us in a rather special sense.
i know it's a terrible imposition, but could you come out and see us?
that last little pop was made with a lump half the size of this.
it's twice as powerful as gelignite and only half the weight.
i suppose if you're about to be shot, there isn't a great deal you can do.
here is the river kwai... and here is the siamese village where you were helped... and here is the railway.
i know under the circumstances it's a bit much... but you do have a unique knowledge for our purpose... and we'd love to have you with us.
you mean to tell me you brought me here to ask me this?
when the houston sunk, i made it ashore with an officer.
later, we ran into a japanese patrol, and he was killed.
i got used to being a commander... so when i arrived here at the hospital...
i looked at the enlisted men's ward and the officers' ward... and i said to myself, " let's let it ride along for awhile."
you want an american commander named shears, and he doesn't exist.
when the navy brass learns the truth about me, they'll say...
in one sense, you're a hero for making an escape from the jungle.
but they can't very well bring you home... and give you the navy cross for impersonating an officer.
would you have it said that our chaps can't do a proper job?
don't you realize how important it is to show these people... they can't break us in body or in spirit?
i think he has too much imagination as distinct from cold calculation.
as i've told you before, in a job like yours, even when it's finished... there's always one more thing to do.
it's almost as if your whole escape had been planned with us in mind.
by the way, here's something that will interest you: the new l pill.
they say, in view of the time element... they don't think a few practice jumps would be worthwhile.
they say if you make one jump, you've only got 50% chance of injury... two jumps, 80% and three jumps, you're bound to catch a backache.
he's leading you back to the river kwai himself... by a route i never took.
will someone tell me why i'm so indispensable to this outfit?
what's a nice girl like you doing in a place like this?
i'll teach you to say that in siamese, if you like.
this is your friendliest enemy... reminding you to take it easy... and never volunteer for anything.
if we stay here much longer, we'll be up to our necks.
yai says we're two to three days' march from the kwai.
if we set a faster pace, we could make it before sundown on the 1 2th.
i may be able to save the leg if i do some more cutting tonight.
do you really want to send him out to work, sir?
yes, but i wonder if fresh air and light duties... might do him more good than being cooped up here.
it's not our policy to keep a man in the hospital... just because he scratched his arm, is it?
it goes without saying, i'm proud of all of you... but we are facing a crisis.
for those who feel up to it, how about lending the others a hand?
imagine being forced to build something like that... in the condition they must be in.
they've got a british officer working down there on his knees.
if it wasn't for the train, we could set a time fuse and leave.
if it wasn't for the train, we could set a time fuse and leave.
but since we don't know what time it will cross tomorrow morning... we'll have to do the job manually.
we'll set the charges against the piles... about three feet under the water, i should think... and run the main wire downstream to the plunger.
shears, pick a spot on our side of the bank where you can coverjoyce.
yai will be with you, so you two should be able to occupy the nips... if they make any trouble forjoyce.
on the theory that there's always one more thing to do...
i'll set up the mortar here to create an additional diversion if necessary.
but there are times... when suddenly you realize you're nearer the end than the beginning.
you wonder... you ask yourself... what the sum total of your life represents... what difference your being there at any time made to anything... or if it made any difference at all really.
i'm sure i speak for all of us when i say... this has been an enjoyable evening.
most of you move on tomorrow to a new camp and new construction.
it's a pity you won't be here to see the first practical use of the bridge.
however, you'll be glad to know... the completion of this link in the railway... will enable us to transport the sick and the disabled... to the new camp by train.
but one day, in a week, a month, a year... or that day when, god willing, we all return to our homes again... you're going to feel very proud... of what you have achieved here... in the face of great adversity.
what you have done should be... and i think will be... an example to all our countrymen... soldier and civilian alike.
it belonged to that english kid we just buried over there.
he willed that lighter to me for a favor i done him.
i am the commanding officer of this camp... which is camp 1 6... along the great railroad... which will soon connect bangkok with rangoon.
you british prisoners have been chosen... to build a bridge across the river kwai.
my men will carry on in the way one expects of the british soldier.
naturally, my officers and i will be responsible for their conduct.
i'm sure a man of commander shears' experience will back me up on that.
i'd say the odds against a successful escape are a hundred to one.
our men must always feel they are still commanded by us... and not by the japanese.
if they have that idea to cling to, they'll be soldiers and not slaves.
i must call your attention, colonel saito... to article 27 of the geneva convention.
" belligerents may employ as workmen... prisoners of war who are physically fit other than officers--"
this shows the position work should have reached by noon today... and this shows the position of actual progress.
because of your colonel's stubbornness... we are far behind the schedule!
and wouldn't the officers be better off working than suffocating in that hole?
the men are going as slow on it as they dare... but saito's cut their food rations.
- yes, i truly understand... but it's a matter of principle.
if we give in now, there will be no end to it.
sir, we're lost in the jungle a thousand miles from anywhere.
we're under the heel of a man who will stop at nothing to get his way.
i would be a poor commander if i allowed that to happen to my men.
perhaps you are not aware... that the bridge is now under my personal command.
- yes, i've increased it... from a yard and a half of earth moved to two yards.
it's in the general interest, and i was sure you would approve.
as you can see, the available forces have been badly distributed.
i would strongly urge we revise the organization of the working parties.
yes, but you could help us in a rather special sense.
i know it's a terrible imposition, but could you come out and see us?
that last little pop was made with a lump half the size of this.
it's twice as powerful as gelignite and only half the weight.
do your intelligence people have any idea what happened to colonel nicholson?
do your intelligence people have any idea what happened to colonel nicholson?
in one sense, you're a hero for making an escape from the jungle.
in one sense, you're a hero for making an escape from the jungle.
but they can't very well bring you home... and give you the navy cross for impersonating an officer.
i suppose that's why they were happy to hand you over to us.
must we build them a better bridge than they could have built themselves?
if you had to operate on saito, would you do your best or let him die?
chapman here wants joyce, but i have my doubts about him.
i think he has too much imagination as distinct from cold calculation.
as i've told you before, in a job like yours, even when it's finished... there's always one more thing to do.
he's the best swimmer in the school, sir, and we'll need a good swimmer.
your knowledge of the area, your making friends in that village.
it's almost as if your whole escape had been planned with us in mind.
they say if you make one jump, you've only got 50% chance of injury... two jumps, 80% and three jumps, you're bound to catch a backache.
the consensus is that the most sensible thing for major shears to do... is to go ahead and jump and hope for the best.
he says it's dangerous to spend the night in the village.
there's an enemy post about three miles away... so we shall have to sleep in the jungle.
if we set a faster pace, we could make it before sundown on the 12th.
it's worth having a go for the train, don't you think?
most of them are so run-down, their wounds won't heal properly.
yes, but i wonder if fresh air and light duties... might do him more good than being cooped up here.
sir, when the job's done, who knows if we can return by this route... or whether we could find you if we did.
if you were in my shoes, you know i wouldn't hesitate to leave you here.
the only important thing is how to live like a human being!
i'm not gonna leave you here to die, warden... because i don't care about your bridge and your rules.
if he knew we were here, it might boost his morale a little.
if it wasn't for the train, we could set a time fuse and leave.
if it wasn't for the train, we could set a time fuse and leave.
but since we don't know what time it will cross tomorrow morning... we'll have to do the job manually.
it's on the wrong side of the river... but it's the only hiding place within feasible distance.
as soon as the bridge goes up... whoever's there will have to swim back.
yai will be with you, so you two should be able to occupy the nips... if they make any trouble for joyce.
on the theory that there's always one more thing to do...
they're sure to have sentries on the bridge... so you'll have to float the stuff down... from upriver... which means building a raft.
yai will take three women to help you build the raft.
most of you move on tomorrow to a new camp and new construction.
it's a pity you won't be here to see the first practical use of the bridge.
however, you'll be glad to know... the completion of this link in the railway... will enable us to transport the sick and the disabled... to the new camp by train.
colonel saito has kindly permitted me... to stay behind with major clipton and the sick men... and we'll rejoin you in a few days' time.
if saito's information is correct... the train should be along in five or ten minutes.
if you don't mind, sir, i'll watch the ceremonies from up on the hill.
i am the commanding officer of this camp which is camp 16 along the great railroad which will soon connect bangkok with rangoon.
you british prisoners have been chosen to build a bridge across the river kwai.
i'm sure a man of commander shears' experience will back me up on that.
i'd say the odds against a successful escape are 100 to one.
and so say all of us and so say all of us
for he's a jolly good fellow for he's a jolly good fellow
sir, we're lost in the jungle, a thousand miles from anywhere.
we're under the heel of a man who'll stop at nothing to get his way.
but, well, one of the men took sick very suddenly this morning, sir.
it took three or four to help him to the hospital.
we must draw up our plans then arrange a conference with saito and set him straight.
well, i think that takes care of all the procedural matters.
the next point is somewhat unpleasant for all concerned, i'm afraid.
sorry to tell you, we feel the position of the bridge was fixed hastily and, i have to add, incorrectly.
as you can see, the available forces have been badly distributed.
i would strongly urge we revise the organisation of the working parties.
as most of the british will work on the bridge only a small number will be available for railway work.
i must ask you to lend us some of your men to reinforce the railway gang so the final stretch of track can be completed as quickly as possible.
they were about to shoot him and he didn't bat an eye.
if you're about to be shot there's not much you can do.
but then you must be fairly familiar with all this area.
not really, i was out of my head half the time.
- it took a bit of doing because your people couldn't identify you.
finally your cinc pacific sent us a copy of your service record.
but at the same time, they can't bring you home and give you the navy cross for impersonating an officer.
i suppose that's why they were so happy to hand you over to us.
would you have it said that our chaps can't do a proper job?
it's important to show these people they can't break us in body or in spirit.
chapman here wants joyce, but i have my doubts about him.
i think he has too much imagination as distinct from cold calculation.
and that's in keeping with the international composition of this outfit.
if he wants to go, he can even take my place.
will someone tell me why i'm so indispensable to this outfit?
i know how you feel, but there's always the unexpected, isn't there?
yai says we're two to three days' march from the kwai.
if we set a faster pace, we could make it before sundown on the 12th.
if not for the train, we could set a time fuse and be miles away.
since we don't know what time it'll cross tomorrow we'll have to do the job manually.
shears, pick a spot on our side of the bank where you can cover joyce.
yai will be with you so you can occupy the nips...
on the theory that there's always one more thing i'll set up the mortar here to create an additional diversion.
perhaps i might even take a few potshots at the train.
as you know, most of you move on tomorrow to a new camp and new construction.
it's a pity you won't be here to see the first practical use of this bridge.
however, you'll be glad to know that the completion of this link in the railway will enable us to transport the sick and disabled to the new camp by train.
colonel saito has kindly permitted me to stay behind with major clipton and the sick men and we'll rejoin you in a few days' time.
if saito is correct, the train should be along in five or 10 minutes.
if you don't mind, i'll watch from up on the hill.
i am the commanding officer of this camp which is camp 16 along the great railroad which will soon connect bangkok with rangoon.
you british prisoners have been chosen to build a bridge across the river kwai.
i'm sure a man of cmdr. shears' experience will back me up on that.
i'd say that the odds against a successful escape are 100 to one.
of course, it's the duty of a captured soldier to attempt escape.
but my men and i are involved in a curious legal point of which you are unaware.
i must call your attention, colonel saito to article 27 of the geneva convention.
"belligerents may employ prisoners of war who are fit, other than officers..."
and so say all of us and so say all of us
for he's a jolly good fellow for he's a jolly good fellow
sir, we're lost in the jungle, a thousand miles from anywhere.
we're under a man who'll stop at nothing to get his way.
if you're about to be shot there's not much you can do.
here is the river kwai, and here's the village where you were helped.
- it took some doing since your people couldn't identify you.
finally your c-in-c pacific sent us a copy of your service record.
in one sense you're a hero for making an escape from the jungle.
at the same time, they can't bring you home and give you the navy cross for impersonating an officer.
in view of time, they don't think practice jumps would be worth it.
if you make one jump there's only a 50% chance of injury.
will someone tell me why i'm so indispensable to this outfit?
i know how you feel, but there's always the unexpected, isn't there?
but, sir, when the job's done, who knows if we can return by this route or whether we could find you if we did?
if you were me, i wouldn't hesitate to leave you and you know that.
if not for the train, we could set a time fuse and be miles away.
since we don't know what time it'll cross tomorrow we'll have to do the job manually.
yai will be with you so you can occupy the nips if they make trouble for joyce.
on the theory that there's always one more thing i'll set up the mortar here to create an additional diversion.
i'm sure i speak for all of us when i say this has been a most enjoyable evening.
most of you move on tomorrow to a new camp and new construction.
it's a pity you won't see the first practical use of this bridge.
you'll be glad to know that the completion of this link in the railway will enable us to transport the sick and disabled to the new camp by train.
colonel saito has kindly permitted me to stay behind with major clipton and the sick men and we'll rejoin you in a few days' time.
now that your work here is finished i suppose many of you feel somewhat let down.
but one day, in a week, a month, a year on that day when, god willing, we all return to our homes again you're going to feel very proud of what you've achieved here in the face of great adversity.
what you have done should be and i think will be an example to all our countrymen, soldier and civilian alike.
if saito is correct, the train will arrive in 5 or 10 minutes.
if you don't mind, i'll watch from up on the hill.
he willed that lighter to me for a favor i done him.
before i pass on, i want to do the same for you.
you british prisoners have been chosen... to build a bridge across the river kwai.
it will be pleasant work, requiring skill... and officers will work as well as men.
naturally, my officers and i will be responsible for their conduct.
you may have overlooked that the use of officers for manual labor... is expressly forbidden by the geneva convention.
the men are going as slow on it as they dare... but saito's cut their food rations.
if he makes the sick men work, they're going to die.
if we give in now, there will be no end to it.
sir, we're lost in the jungle a thousand miles from anywhere.
we can teach these barbarians a lesson in western methods and efficiency... that will put them to shame.
we'll show them what the british soldier is capable of doing.
those piles of yours could be hammered below water level before they'd hold.
that bridge would collapse under the first train to cross it.
if we increase the number of squads and specialize the functions of each...
i'm certain the total daily output can be increased by 30 percent.
as most of the british soldiers will be working on the bridge... only a small number will be available for railway work.
so i must ask you, colonel saito, to lend us some of your own men... to reinforce the railway gang... so the final stretch of track can be completed as quickly as possible.
frankly, the consensus of opinion is that it's impossible... but we'll certainly give it a go.
we mustn't forget that we've wasted over a month... through an unfortunate disagreement, for which i was not to blame.
yes, but you could help us in a rather special sense.
i know it's a terrible imposition, but could you come out and see us?
that last little pop was made with a lump half the size of this.
it's twice as powerful as gelignite and only half the weight.
i suppose if you're about to be shot, there isn't a great deal you can do.
here is the river kwai... and here is the siamese village where you were helped... and here is the railway.
i know under the circumstances it's a bit much... but you do have a unique knowledge for our purpose... and we'd love to have you with us.
you mean to tell me you brought me here to ask me this?
when the houston sunk, i made it ashore with an officer.
later, we ran into a japanese patrol, and he was killed.
i got used to being a commander... so when i arrived here at the hospital...
i looked at the enlisted men's ward and the officers' ward... and i said to myself, " let's let it ride along for awhile."
you want an american commander named shears, and he doesn't exist.
when the navy brass learns the truth about me, they'll say...
in one sense, you're a hero for making an escape from the jungle.
but they can't very well bring you home... and give you the navy cross for impersonating an officer.
would you have it said that our chaps can't do a proper job?
don't you realize how important it is to show these people... they can't break us in body or in spirit?
i think he has too much imagination as distinct from cold calculation.
as i've told you before, in a job like yours, even when it's finished... there's always one more thing to do.
it's almost as if your whole escape had been planned with us in mind.
by the way, here's something that will interest you: the new l pill.
they say, in view of the time element... they don't think a few practice jumps would be worthwhile.
they say if you make one jump, you've only got 50% chance of injury... two jumps, 80% and three jumps, you're bound to catch a backache.
he's leading you back to the river kwai himself... by a route i never took.
will someone tell me why i'm so indispensable to this outfit?
what's a nice girl like you doing in a place like this?
i'll teach you to say that in siamese, if you like.
this is your friendliest enemy... reminding you to take it easy... and never volunteer for anything.
if we stay here much longer, we'll be up to our necks.
yai says we're two to three days' march from the kwai.
if we set a faster pace, we could make it before sundown on the 1 2th.
i may be able to save the leg if i do some more cutting tonight.
do you really want to send him out to work, sir?
yes, but i wonder if fresh air and light duties... might do him more good than being cooped up here.
it's not our policy to keep a man in the hospital... just because he scratched his arm, is it?
it goes without saying, i'm proud of all of you... but we are facing a crisis.
for those who feel up to it, how about lending the others a hand?
imagine being forced to build something like that... in the condition they must be in.
they've got a british officer working down there on his knees.
if it wasn't for the train, we could set a time fuse and leave.
if it wasn't for the train, we could set a time fuse and leave.
but since we don't know what time it will cross tomorrow morning... we'll have to do the job manually.
we'll set the charges against the piles... about three feet under the water, i should think... and run the main wire downstream to the plunger.
shears, pick a spot on our side of the bank where you can coverjoyce.
yai will be with you, so you two should be able to occupy the nips... if they make any trouble forjoyce.
on the theory that there's always one more thing to do...
i'll set up the mortar here to create an additional diversion if necessary.
but there are times... when suddenly you realize you're nearer the end than the beginning.
you wonder... you ask yourself... what the sum total of your life represents... what difference your being there at any time made to anything... or if it made any difference at all really.
i'm sure i speak for all of us when i say... this has been an enjoyable evening.
most of you move on tomorrow to a new camp and new construction.
it's a pity you won't be here to see the first practical use of the bridge.
however, you'll be glad to know... the completion of this link in the railway... will enable us to transport the sick and the disabled... to the new camp by train.
but one day, in a week, a month, a year... or that day when, god willing, we all return to our homes again... you're going to feel very proud... of what you have achieved here... in the face of great adversity.
what you have done should be... and i think will be... an example to all our countrymen... soldier and civilian alike.
it belonged to that english kid we just buried over there.
he willed that lighter to me for a favor i done him.
i am the commanding officer of this camp... which is camp 1 6... along the great railroad... which will soon connect bangkok with rangoon.
you british prisoners have been chosen... to build a bridge across the river kwai.
naturally, my officers and i will be responsible for their conduct.
you may have overlooked that the use of officers for manual labor... is expressly forbidden by the geneva convention.
i must call your attention, colonel saito... to article 27 of the geneva convention.
" belligerents may employ as workmen... prisoners of war who are physically fit other than officers--"
the men are going as slow on it as they dare... but saito's cut their food rations.
if he makes the sick men work, they're going to die.
if we give in now, there will be no end to it.
sir, we're lost in the jungle a thousand miles from anywhere.
we can teach these barbarians a lesson in western methods and efficiency... that will put them to shame.
we'll show them what the british soldier is capable of doing.
those piles of yours could be hammered below water level before they'd hold.
that bridge would collapse under the first train to cross it.
if we increase the number of squads and specialize the functions of each...
i'm certain the total daily output can be increased by 30 percent.
as most of the british soldiers will be working on the bridge... only a small number will be available for railway work.
so i must ask you, colonel saito, to lend us some of your own men... to reinforce the railway gang... so the final stretch of track can be completed as quickly as possible.
frankly, the consensus of opinion is that it's impossible... but we'll certainly give it a go.
we mustn't forget that we've wasted over a month... through an unfortunate disagreement, for which i was not to blame.
yes, but you could help us in a rather special sense.
i know it's a terrible imposition, but could you come out and see us?
that last little pop was made with a lump half the size of this.
it's twice as powerful as gelignite and only half the weight.
i am the commanding officer of this camp which is camp 16 along the great railroad which will soon connect bangkok with rangoon.
you british prisoners have been chosen to build a bridge across the river kwai.
i'm sure a man of cmdr. shears' experience will back me up on that.
i'd say that the odds against a successful escape are 100 to one.
of course, it's the duty of a captured soldier to attempt escape.
but my men and i are involved in a curious legal point of which you are unaware.
i must call your attention, colonel saito to article 27 of the geneva convention.
"belligerents may employ prisoners of war who are fit, other than officers..."
and so say all of us and so say all of us
for he's a jolly good fellow for he's a jolly good fellow
sir, we're lost in the jungle, a thousand miles from anywhere.
we're under a man who'll stop at nothing to get his way.
if you're about to be shot there's not much you can do.
here is the river kwai, and here's the village where you were helped.
- it took some doing since your people couldn't identify you.
finally your c-in-c pacific sent us a copy of your service record.
in one sense you're a hero for making an escape from the jungle.
at the same time, they can't bring you home and give you the navy cross for impersonating an officer.
in view of time, they don't think practice jumps would be worth it.
if you make one jump there's only a 50% chance of injury.
will someone tell me why i'm so indispensable to this outfit?
i know how you feel, but there's always the unexpected, isn't there?
but, sir, when the job's done, who knows if we can return by this route or whether we could find you if we did?
if you were me, i wouldn't hesitate to leave you and you know that.
if not for the train, we could set a time fuse and be miles away.
since we don't know what time it'll cross tomorrow we'll have to do the job manually.
yai will be with you so you can occupy the nips if they make trouble for joyce.
on the theory that there's always one more thing i'll set up the mortar here to create an additional diversión.
i'm sure i speak for all of us when i say this has been a most enjoyable evening.
most of you move on tomorrow to a new camp and new construction.
it's a pity you won't see the first practical use of this bridge.
you'll be glad to know that the completion of this link in the railway will enable us to transport the sick and disabled to the new camp by train.
colonel saito has kindly permitted me to stay behind with major clipton and the sick men and we'll rejoin you in a few days' time.
now that your work here is finished i suppose many of you feel somewhat let down.
but one day, in a week, a month, a year on that day when, god willing, we all return to our homes again you're going to feel very proud of what you've achieved here in the face of great adversity.
what you have done should be and i think will be an example to all our countrymen, soldier and civilian alike.
if saito is correct, the train will arrive in 5 or 10 minutes.
if you don't mind, i'll watch from up on the hill.
he willed it to me for a favour i'd done him.
before i pass on, i want to do the same for you.
i'm sure a man of commander shears' experience will back me up on that.
i'd say the odds against a successful escape are 1 00 to one.
and so say all of us and so say all of us
for he's a jolly good fellow for he's a jolly good fellow
sir, we're lost in the jungle, a thousand miles from anywhere.
we're under the heel of a man who'll stop at nothing to get his way.
a pretty poor commander i would be if i allowed that to happen.
perhaps you are not aware that the bridge is now under my personal command.
we must draw up our plans then arrange a conference with saito and set him straight.
well, i think that takes care of all the procedural matters.
the next point is somewhat unpleasant for all concerned, i'm afraid.
sorry to tell you, we feel the position of the bridge was fixed hastily and, i have to add, incorrectly.
as you can see, the available forces have been badly distributed.
i would strongly urge we revise the organisation of the working parties.
as most of the british will work on the bridge only a small number will be available for railway work.
i must ask you to lend us some of your men to reinforce the railway gang so the final stretch of track can be completed as quickly as possible.
i know it's a terrible imposition but i wonder if you could possibly come out and see us.
well, if you want to go over the whole thing again.
if you're about to be shot there's not much you can do.
here is the river kwai, and here is the village where you were helped.
in one sense you're a blasted hero for making an escape from the jungle.
but at the same time, they can't bring you home and give you the navy cross for impersonating an officer.
must we build them a better bridge than they could have themselves?
if you had to operate on saito, would you do your best or let him die?
i think he has too much imagination as distinct from cold calculation.
as i've told you before in this job, even when it's finished there's always one more thing to do.
will someone tell me why i'm so indispensable to this outfit?
i know how you feel, but there's always the unexpected, isn't there?
if not for the train, we could set a time fuse and be miles away.
since we don't know what time it'll cross tomorrow we'll have to do the job manually.
shears, pick a spot on our side of the bank where you can cover joyce.
yai will be with you so you can occupy the nips...
on the theory that there's always one more thing i'll set up the mortar here to create an additional diversion.
perhaps i might even take a few potshots at the train.
as you know, most of you move on tomorrow to a new camp and new construction.
it's a pity you won't be here to see the first practical use of this bridge.
however, you'll be glad to know that the completion of this link in the railway will enable us to transport the sick and disabled to the new camp by train.
colonel saito has kindly permitted me to stay behind with major clipton and the sick men and we'll rejoin you in a few days' time.
if saito is correct, the train should be along in five or 1 0 minutes.
if you don't mind, i'll watch from up on the hill.
i am the commanding officer of this camp which is camp 16 along the great railroad which will soon connect bangkok with rangoon.
you british prisoners have been chosen to build a bridge across the river kwai.
i'm sure a man of cmdr. shears' experience will back me up on that.
i'd say that the odds against a successful escape are 100 to one.
of course, it's the duty of a captured soldier to attempt escape.
but my men and i are involved in a curious legal point of which you are unaware.
i must call your attention, colonel saito to article 27 of the geneva convention.
"belligerents may employ prisoners of war who are fit, other than officers..."
and so say all of us and so say all of us
for he's a jolly good fellow for he's a jolly good fellow
sir, we're lost in the jungle, a thousand miles from anywhere.
we're under a man who'll stop at nothing to get his way.
if you're about to be shot there's not much you can do.
here is the river kwai, and here's the village where you were helped.
- it took some doing since your people couldn't identify you.
finally your c-in-c pacific sent us a copy of your service record.
in one sense you're a hero for making an escape from the jungle.
at the same time, they can't bring you home and give you the navy cross for impersonating an officer.
in view of time, they don't think practice jumps would be worth it.
if you make one jump there's only a 50% chance of injury.
will someone tell me why i'm so indispensable to this outfit?
i know how you feel, but there's always the unexpected, isn't there?
but, sir, when the job's done, who knows if we can return by this route or whether we could find you if we did?
if you were me, i wouldn't hesitate to leave you and you know that.
if not for the train, we could set a time fuse and be miles away.
since we don't know what time it'll cross tomorrow we'll have to do the job manually.
yai will be with you so you can occupy the nips if they make trouble for joyce.
on the theory that there's always one more thing i'll set up the mortar here to create an additional diversión.
i'm sure i speak for all of us when i say this has been a most enjoyable evening.
most of you move on tomorrow to a new camp and new construction.
it's a pity you won't see the first practical use of this bridge.
you'll be glad to know that the completion of this link in the railway will enable us to transport the sick and disabled to the new camp by train.
colonel saito has kindly permitted me to stay behind with major clipton and the sick men and we'll rejoin you in a few days' time.
now that your work here is finished i suppose many of you feel somewhat let down.
but one day, in a week, a month, a year on that day when, god willing, we all return to our homes again you're going to feel very proud of what you've achieved here in the face of great adversity.
what you have done should be and i think will be an example to all our countrymen, soldier and civilian alike.
if saito is correct, the train will arrive in 5 or 10 minutes.
if you don't mind, i'll watch from up on the hill.
i am the commanding officer of this camp which is camp 16 along the great railroad which will soon connect bangkok with rangoon.
you british prisoners have been chosen to build a bridge across the river kwai.
i'm sure a man of cmdr. shears' experience will back me up on that.
i'd say that the odds against a successful escape are 100 to one.
of course, it's the duty of a captured soldier to attempt escape.
but my men and i are involved in a curious legal point of which you are unaware.
i must call your attention, colonel saito to article 27 of the geneva convention.
"belligerents may employ prisoners of war who are fit, other than officers..."
and so say all of us and so say all of us
for he's a jolly good fellow for he's a jolly good fellow
sir, we're lost in the jungle, a thousand miles from anywhere.
we're under a man who'll stop at nothing to get his way.
if you're about to be shot there's not much you can do.
here is the river kwai, and here's the village where you were helped.
- it took some doing since your people couldn't identify you.
finally your c-in-c pacific sent us a copy of your service record.
in one sense you're a hero for making an escape from the jungle.
at the same time, they can't bring you home and give you the navy cross for impersonating an officer.
in view of time, they don't think practice jumps would be worth it.
if you make one jump there's only a 50% chance of injury.
will someone tell me why i'm so indispensable to this outfit?
i know how you feel, but there's always the unexpected, isn't there?
but, sir, when the job's done, who knows if we can return by this route or whether we could find you if we did?
if you were me, i wouldn't hesitate to leave you and you know that.
if not for the train, we could set a time fuse and be miles away.
since we don't know what time it'll cross tomorrow we'll have to do the job manually.
yai will be with you so you can occupy the nips if they make trouble for joyce.
on the theory that there's always one more thing i'll set up the mortar here to create an additional diversión.
i'm sure i speak for all of us when i say this has been a most enjoyable evening.
most of you move on tomorrow to a new camp and new construction.
it's a pity you won't see the first practical use of this bridge.
you'll be glad to know that the completion of this link in the railway will enable us to transport the sick and disabled to the new camp by train.
colonel saito has kindly permitted me to stay behind with major clipton and the sick men and we'll rejoin you in a few days' time.
now that your work here is finished i suppose many of you feel somewhat let down.
but one day, in a week, a month, a year on that day when, god willing, we all return to our homes again you're going to feel very proud of what you've achieved here in the face of great adversity.
what you have done should be and i think will be an example to all our countrymen, soldier and civilian alike.
if saito is correct, the train will arrive in 5 or 10 minutes.
if you don't mind, i'll watch from up on the hill.
i am the commanding officer of this camp which is camp 16 along the great railroad which will soon connect bangkok with rangoon.
you british prisoners have been chosen to build a bridge across the river kwai.
i'm sure a man of cmdr. shears' experience will back me up on that.
i'd say that the odds against a successful escape are 100 to one.
of course, it's the duty of a captured soldier to attempt escape.
but my men and i are involved in a curious legal point of which you are unaware.
i must call your attention, colonel saito to article 27 of the geneva convention.
"belligerents may employ prisoners of war who are fit, other than officers..."
and so say all of us and so say all of us
for he's a jolly good fellow for he's a jolly good fellow
sir, we're lost in the jungle, a thousand miles from anywhere.
we're under a man who'll stop at nothing to get his way.
if you're about to be shot there's not much you can do.
here is the river kwai, and here's the village where you were helped.
- it took some doing since your people couldn't identify you.
finally your c-in-c pacific sent us a copy of your service record.
in one sense you're a hero for making an escape from the jungle.
at the same time, they can't bring you home and give you the navy cross for impersonating an officer.
in view of time, they don't think practice jumps would be worth it.
if you make one jump there's only a 50% chance of injury.
will someone tell me why i'm so indispensable to this outfit?
i know how you feel, but there's always the unexpected, isn't there?
but, sir, when the job's done, who knows if we can return by this route or whether we could find you if we did?
if you were me, i wouldn't hesitate to leave you and you know that.
if not for the train, we could set a time fuse and be miles away.
since we don't know what time it'll cross tomorrow we'll have to do the job manually.
yai will be with you so you can occupy the nips if they make trouble for joyce.
on the theory that there's always one more thing i'll set up the mortar here to create an additional diversion.
i'm sure i speak for all of us when i say this has been a most enjoyable evening.
most of you move on tomorrow to a new camp and new construction.
it's a pity you won't see the first practical use of this bridge.
you'll be glad to know that the completion of this link in the railway will enable us to transport the sick and disabled to the new camp by train.
colonel saito has kindly permitted me to stay behind with major clipton and the sick men and we'll rejoin you in a few days' time.
now that your work here is finished i suppose many of you feel somewhat let down.
but one day, in a week, a month, a year on that day when, god willing, we all return to our homes again you're going to feel very proud of what you've achieved here in the face of great adversity.
what you have done should be and i think will be an example to all our countrymen, soldier and civilian alike.
if saito is correct, the train will arrive in 5 or 10 minutes.
if you don't mind, i'll watch from up on the hill.
he gave it to me for a favour i'd done him.
before i pass on, i want to do the same for you.
our men must always feel they are still commanded by us and not by the japanese.
so long as they have that idea, they'll be soldiers and not slaves.
he's been shut up in that hut-- l could have you shot.
those prisoners who tried to escape, they were in your charge.
sir, we're lost in the jungle, a thousand miles from anywhere.
we're under a man who'll stop at nothing to get his way.
they were about to shoot him and he didn't bat an eye.
if you're about to be shot there's not much you can do.
here is the river kwai, and here's the village where you were helped.
here is the river kwai, and here's the village where you were helped.
at the same time, they can't bring you home and give you the navy cross for impersonating an officer.
i suppose that's why they were happy to hand you over.
in view of time, they don't think practice jumps would be worth it.
the consensus is, the most sensible thing for shears to do is to go ahead and jump and hope for the best.
he's going to lead you to the river by a route i never took.
will someone tell me why i'm so indispensable to this outfit?
there's not a man in this hospital who doesn't belong there.
it's no reflection on you, but there are always a few malingerers.
but, sir, when the job's done, who knows if we can return by this route or whether we could find you if we did?
if you were me, i wouldn't hesitate to leave you and you know that.
if not for the train, we could set a time fuse and be miles away.
since we don't know what time it'll cross tomorrow we'll have to do the job manually.
the wrong side of the river but it's the only hiding place within feasible distance.
as soon as the bridge goes up whoever's there will have to swim back.
shears, pick a spot on our side of the bank where you can cover joyce.
yai will be with you so you can occupy the nips if they make trouble for joyce.
on the theory that there's always one more thing i'll set up the mortar here to create an additional diversion.
perhaps i might even take a few potshots at the train.
most of you move on tomorrow to a new camp and new construction.
it's a pity you won't see the first practical use of this bridge.
you'll be glad to know that the completion of this link in the railway will enable us to transport the sick and disabled to the new camp by train.
colonel saito has kindly permitted me to stay behind with major clipton and the sick men and we'll rejoin you in a few days' time.
i am the commanding officer of this camp which is camp 1 6 along the great railroad which will soon connect bangkok with rangoon.
you british prisoners have been chosen to build a bridge across the river kwai.
of course, it's the duty of a captured soldier to attempt escape.
but my men and i are involved in a curious legal point of which you are unaware.
our men must always feel they are still commanded by us and not by the japanese.
so long as they have that idea, they'll be soldiers and not slaves.
i must call your attention, colonel saito to article 27 of the geneva convention.
"belligerents may employ prisoners of war who are fit, other than officers--"
but, well, one of the men took sick very suddenly this morning, sir.
it took three or four to help him to the hospital.
colonel, do you suppose we could have a cup of tea?
then i take it we all agree that if we're to avoid disaster we build a new bridge, at the site picked by reeves 400 yards downstream.
i've done a time study, colonel saito, of the entire project.
as you can see, the available forces have been badly distributed.
they were about to shoot him and he didn't bat an eye.
if you're about to be shot there's not much you can do.
but then you must be fairly familiar with all this area.
not really, i was out of my head half the time.
the whole thing's a fake. i'm just an ordinary swab jockey, second class.
when the houston sunk, i made it ashore with a real commander.
-lt took a bit of doing because your people couldn't identify you.
finally your clnc pacific sent us a copy of your service record.
but at the same time, they can't bring you home and give you the navy cross for impersonating an officer.
i suppose that's why they were so happy to hand you over to us.
would you have it said that our chaps can't do a proper job?
it's important to show these people they can't break us in body or in spirit.
chapman here wants joyce, but i have my doubts about him.
i think he has too much imagination as distinct from cold calculation.
and that's in keeping with the international composition of this outfit.
if he wants to go, he can even take my place.
he says it's dangerous to spend the night in the village.
there's an enemy post three miles away so we'll have to sleep in the jungle.
he's gonna lead you back to the river by a route i never took.
will someone tell me why i'm so indispensable to this outfit?
yai says we're two to three days' march from the kwai.
if we set a faster pace, we could make it before sundown on the 1 2th.
but, sir, when the job's done, who knows if we can return by this route or whether we could find you if we did?
if you were me, i wouldn't hesitate to leave you and you know that.
how to die like a gentleman, how to die by the rules when the only important thing is how to live like a human being!
i'm not gonna leave you here to die, warden because i don't care about your bridge or about your rules.
if he knew we were here, it might boost his morale a little.
if not for the train, we could set a time fuse and be miles away.
since we don't know what time it'll cross tomorrow we'll have to do the job manually.
we'll set the charges against the piles about three feet under the water, i should think and run the main wire downstream to the plunger.
it's on the wrong side of the river but it's the only hiding place within feasible distance.
as soon as the bridge goes up whoever's there will have to swim back.
i'm sure i speak for all of us when i say this has been a most enjoyable evening.
as you know, most of you move on tomorrow to a new camp and new construction.
it's a pity you won't be here to see the first practical use of this bridge.
however, you'll be glad to know that the completion of this link in the railway will enable us to transport the sick and disabled to the new camp by train.
colonel saito has kindly permitted me to stay behind with major clipton and the sick men and we'll rejoin you in a few days' time.
now that your work here is finished i suppose many of you feel somewhat let down.
but one day, in a week, a month, a year on that day when, god willing, we all return to our homes again you're going to feel very proud of what you have achieved here in the face of great adversity.
what you have done should be and i think will be an example to all our countrymen, soldier and civilian alike.
he willed that lighter to me for a favor i'd done him,
and before i pass on, i want to do the same for you.
and naturally, my officers and i will be responsible for their conduct.
sir, you may have overlooked the fact that the use of officers for manual labor...
i happen to have a copy of the convention with me...
and would be glad to let you glance through it, if you wish.
of course, it's normally the duty of a captured soldier to attempt escape.
but my men and i are involved in a curious legal point of which you are unaware.
our men must always feel they are still commanded by us and not by the japanese.
so long as they have that idea to cling to, they'll be soldiers and not slaves.
but if it's a matter of precise translation, that can be arranged.
you'll see the code specifically states that the- [ men murmuring ]
since you refuse to abide by the laws of the civilized world,
we must consider ourselves absolved from our duty to obey you.
sir, we're lost in the jungle a thousand miles from anywhere.
we're under the heel of a man who will stop at nothing to get his way.
the next point is somewhat unpleasant for all concerned, i'm afraid.
we feel the position of the bridge was fixed rather hastily...
i must ask you to lend us some of your own men to reinforce the railway gang...
so that the final stretch of track can be completed as quickly as possible.
after all, we mustn't forget that we've wasted over a month...
through an unfortunate disagreement, for which i was not to blame.
among other things, we have a particular interest in that railway you worked on,
and you could give us no end of very valuable information.
but i wonder if you could possibly come out and see us.
[ sighs ] well, you wanna go over the whole thing again, i'll come.
they were about to shoot him, and he didn't bat an eye.
if you're about to be shot, there isn't a great deal you can do, is there ?
when the houston sunk, i made it ashore with an officer-- a real commander.
later on, we ran into a japanese patrol and he was killed.
but at the same time, they can't very well bring you home...
and give you to the navy cross for impersonating an officer.
must we build them a better bridge than they could have built for themselves ?
if you had to operate on saito, would you do your best or let him die ?
would you prefer to see this battalion disintegrate in idleness ?
would you have it said that our chaps can't do a proper job ?
don't you realize how important it is to show these people...
that they can't break us in body or in spirit ?
chapman here wants joyce, but i have my doubts about him.
i think he has too much imagination as distinct from cold calculation.
when we lost singapore, he stayed behind and blew up a couple of bridges,
two trains and i don't know how many other installations before the japs caught him.
the consensus is that the most sensible thing for major shears to do...
is to go ahead and jump and hope for the best.
will someone tell me why i'm so indispensable to this outfit ?
i know how you feel, but there's always the unexpected, isn't there ?
what's a nice girl like you doing in a place like this ?
i'll teach you to say that in siamese, if you like.
yai says we're two to three days' march from the kwai.
if we set a faster pace, we could make it before sundown on the 12th.
i explained the situation, and they volunteered, but it's not enough.
why don't you ask saito for some of his men ?
imagine being forced to build something like that in the condition they must be in.
[ joyce ] they've got a british officer working down there on his knees.
if it wasn't for the train, we could set a time fuse and be miles away.
but since we don't know what time it's going to cross tomorrow morning,
you should be able to occupy the nips if they make trouble for joyce.
and on the theory that there's always one more thing to do,
i'll set up the mortar here to create an additional diversion if necessary.
perhaps i might even take a few potshots at the train.
i don't know whether that kind of thinking is very healthy,
but i must admit i've had some thoughts on those lines from time to time.
as you know, most of you move on tomorrow to a new camp and new construction.
it's a pity you won't be here to see the first practical use of the bridge we have built.
he gave it to me for a favour i'd done him.
before i pass on, i want to do the same for you.
i'm sure a man of cmdr. shears' experience will back me up on that.
i'd say that the odds against a successful escape are 1 00 to one.
of course, it's the duty of a captured soldier to attempt escape.
but my men and i are involved in a curious legal point of which you are unaware.
i must call your attention, colonel saito to article 27 of the geneva convention.
" beiiigerents may employ prisoners of war who are fit, other than officers--"
and so say all of us and so say all of us
for he's a jolly good fellow for he's a jolly good fellow
sir, we're lost in the jungle, a thousand miles from anywhere.
we're under a man who'ii stop at nothing to get his way.
a poor commander i would be if i allowed that to happen.
perhaps you are not aware that the bridge is now under my command.
he believes in keeping our training as close to real life as possible.
he believes in keeping our training as close to real life as possible.
they were about to shoot him and he didn't bat an eye.
if you're about to be shot there's not much you can do.
here is the river kwai, and here's the village where you were helped.
here is the river kwai, and here's the village where you were helped.
at the same time, they can't bring you home and give you the navy cross for impersonating an officer.
i suppose that's why they were happy to hand you over.
will someone tell me why i'm so indispensable to this outfit?
i know how you feel, but there's always the unexpected, isn't there?
how to die like a gentleman, how to die by the rules when the only important thing is how to live like a human being!
i'm not gonna leave you here to die, warden because i don't care about your bridge or about your rules.
if he knew we were here, it might boost his morale.
if not for the train, we could set a time fuse and be miles away.
yai will be with you so you can occupy the nips if they make trouble for joyce.
on the theory that there's always one more thing i'ii set up the mortar here to create an additional diversion.
i'm sure i speak for all of us when i say this has been a most enjoyable evening.
most of you move on tomorrow to a new camp and new construction.
it's a pity you won't see the first practical use of this bridge.
you'ii be glad to know that the completion of this link in the railway will enable us to transport the sick and disabled to the new camp by train.
colonel saito has kindly permitted me to stay behind with major ciipton and the sick men and we'ii rejoin you in a few days' time.
now that your work here is finished i suppose many of you feel somewhat let down.
but one day, in a week, a month, a year on that day when, god willing, we all return to our homes again you're going to feel very proud of what you've achieved here in the face of great adversity.
what you have done should be and i think will be an example to all our countrymen, soldier and civilian alike.
if saito is correct, the train will arrive in 5 or 1 0 minutes.
if you don't mind, i'ii watch from up on the hill.
he willed it to me for a favour i'd done him.
before i pass on, i want to do the same for you.
i am the commanding officer of this camp... which is camp 16... along the great railroad... which will soon connect bangkok with rangoon.
you british prisoners have been chosen... to build a bridge across the river kwai.
of course, it's the duty of a captured soldier to attempt escape.
but my men and i are involved in a curious legal point... of which you are unaware.
our men must always feel they are still commanded by us... and not by the japanese.
so long as they have that idea, they'll be soldiers and not slaves.
i must call your attention, colonel saito... to article 27 of the geneva convention.
"belligerents may employ prisoners of war... who are fit, other than officers..."
and so say all of us and so say all of us
for he's a jolly good fellow for he's a jolly good fellow
colonel, do you suppose we could have a cup of tea?
then i take it we all agree that if we're to avoid disaster... we build a new bridge, at the site picked by reeves... 400 yards downstream.
i've done a time study, colonel saito, of the entire project.
as you can see, the available forces have been badly distributed.
if we increase the number of squads and specialise their functions...
i'm certain the total daily output can be increased by 30 percent.
as most of the british will work on the bridge... only a small number will be available for railway work.
i must ask you to lend us some of your men to reinforce the railway gang... so the final stretch of track can be completed as quickly as possible.
they were about to shoot him and he didn't bat an eye.
if you're about to be shot there's not much you can do.
but then you must be fairly familiar with all this area.
not really, i was out of my head half the time.
- it took a bit of doing... because your people couldn't identify you.
finally your cinc pacific sent us a copy of your service record.
but at the same time, they can't bring you home... and give you the navy cross for impersonating an officer.
i suppose that's why they were so happy to hand you over to us.
would you have it said that our chaps can't do a proper job?
it's important to show these people they can't break us in body or in spirit.
chapman here wants joyce, but i have my doubts about him.
i think he has too much imagination as distinct from cold calculation.
and that's in keeping with the international composition of this outfit.
if he wants to go, he can even take my place.
will someone tell me why i'm so indispensable to this outfit?
i know how you feel, but there's always the unexpected, isn't there?
yai says we're two to three days' march from the kwai.
if we set a faster pace, we could make it before sundown on the 12th.
if not for the train, we could set a time fuse and be miles away.
since we don't know what time it'll cross tomorrow... we'll have to do the job manually.
shears, pick a spot on our side of the bank where you can cover joyce.
yai will be with you so you can occupy the nips...
i'm sure i speak for all of us... when i say this has been a most enjoyable evening.
as you know, most of you move on tomorrow... to a new camp and new construction.
it's a pity you won't be here to see the first practical use of this bridge.
however, you'll be glad to know that the completion... of this link in the railway... will enable us to transport the sick and disabled... to the new camp by train.
if saito is correct, the train should be along in five or 10 minutes.
if you don't mind, i'll watch from up on the hill.
i am the commanding officer of this camp which is camp 1 6 along the great railroad which will soon connect bangkok with rangoon.
you british prisoners have been chosen to build a bridge across the river kwai.
of course, it's the duty of a captured soldier to attempt escape.
but my men and i are involved in a curious legal point of which you are unaware.
our men must always feel they are still commanded by us and not by the japanese.
so long as they have that idea, they'll be soldiers and not slaves.
i must call your attention, colonel saito to article 27 of the geneva convention.
"belligerents may employ prisoners of war who are fit, other than officers--"
but, well, one of the men took sick very suddenly this morning, sir.
it took three or four to help him to the hospital.
colonel, do you suppose we could have a cup of tea?
then i take it we all agree that if we're to avoid disaster we build a new bridge, at the site picked by reeves 400 yards downstream.
i've done a time study, colonel saito, of the entire project.
as you can see, the available forces have been badly distributed.
they were about to shoot him and he didn't bat an eye.
if you're about to be shot there's not much you can do.
but then you must be fairly familiar with all this area.
not really, i was out of my head half the time.
the whole thing's a fake. i'm just an ordinary swab jockey, second class.
when the houston sunk, i made it ashore with a real commander.
-lt took a bit of doing because your people couldn't identify you.
finally your clnc pacific sent us a copy of your service record.
but at the same time, they can't bring you home and give you the navy cross for impersonating an officer.
i suppose that's why they were so happy to hand you over to us.
would you have it said that our chaps can't do a proper job?
it's important to show these people they can't break us in body or in spirit.
chapman here wants joyce, but i have my doubts about him.
i think he has too much imagination as distinct from cold calculation.
and that's in keeping with the international composition of this outfit.
if he wants to go, he can even take my place.
he says it's dangerous to spend the night in the village.
there's an enemy post three miles away so we'll have to sleep in the jungle.
he's gonna lead you back to the river by a route i never took.
will someone tell me why i'm so indispensable to this outfit?
yai says we're two to three days' march from the kwai.
if we set a faster pace, we could make it before sundown on the 1 2th.
but, sir, when the job's done, who knows if we can return by this route or whether we could find you if we did?
if you were me, i wouldn't hesitate to leave you and you know that.
how to die like a gentleman, how to die by the rules when the only important thing is how to live like a human being!
i'm not gonna leave you here to die, warden because i don't care about your bridge or about your rules.
if he knew we were here, it might boost his morale a little.
if not for the train, we could set a time fuse and be miles away.
since we don't know what time it'll cross tomorrow we'll have to do the job manually.
we'll set the charges against the piles about three feet under the water, i should think and run the main wire downstream to the plunger.
it's on the wrong side of the river but it's the only hiding place within feasible distance.
as soon as the bridge goes up whoever's there will have to swim back.
i'm sure i speak for all of us when i say this has been a most enjoyable evening.
as you know, most of you move on tomorrow to a new camp and new construction.
it's a pity you won't be here to see the first practical use of this bridge.
however, you'll be glad to know that the completion of this link in the railway will enable us to transport the sick and disabled to the new camp by train.
colonel saito has kindly permitted me to stay behind with major clipton and the sick men and we'll rejoin you in a few days' time.
now that your work here is finished i suppose many of you feel somewhat let down.
but one day, in a week, a month, a year on that day when, god willing, we all return to our homes again you're going to feel very proud of what you have achieved here in the face of great adversity.
what you have done should be and i think will be an example to all our countrymen, soldier and civilian alike.
he willed it to me for a favour i'd done him.
before i pass on, i want to do the same for you.
of course, it's the duty of a captured soldier to attempt escape.
but my men and i are involved in a curious legal point of which you are unaware.
our men must always feel they are still commanded by us and not by the japanese.
so long as they have that idea, they'll be soldiers and not slaves.
i must call your attention, colonel saito to article 27 of the geneva convention.
"belligerents may employ prisoners of war who are fit, other than officers--"
a pretty poor commander i would be if i allowed that to happen.
perhaps you are not aware that the bridge is now under my personal command.
colonel, do you suppose we could have a cup of tea?
then i take it we all agree that if we're to avoid disaster we build a new bridge, at the site picked by reeves 400 yards downstream.
i've done a time study, colonel saito, of the entire project.
as you can see, the available forces have been badly distributed.
i know it's a terrible imposition but i wonder if you could possibly come out and see us.
well, if you want to go over the whole thing again.
if you're about to be shot there's not much you can do.
here is the river kwai, and here is the village where you were helped.
in one sense you're a blasted hero for making an escape from the jungle.
but at the same time, they can't bring you home and give you the navy cross for impersonating an officer.
must we build them a better bridge than they could have themselves?
if you had to operate on saito, would you do your best or let him die?
i think he has too much imagination as distinct from cold calculation.
as i've told you before in this job, even when it's finished there's always one more thing to do.
he says it's dangerous to spend the night in the village.
there's an enemy post three miles away so we'll have to sleep in the jungle.
he's gonna lead you back to the river by a route i never took.
will someone tell me why i'm so indispensable to this outfit?
yai says we're two to three days' march from the kwai.
if we set a faster pace, we could make it before sundown on the 12th.
if not for the train, we could set a time fuse and be miles away.
since we don't know what time it'll cross tomorrow we'll have to do the job manually.
shears, pick a spot on our side of the bank where you can cover joyce.
yai will be with you so you can occupy the nips...
on the theory that there's always one more thing i'll set up the mortar here to create an additional diversion.
perhaps i might even take a few potshots at the train.
as you know, most of you move on tomorrow to a new camp and new construction.
it's a pity you won't be here to see the first practical use of this bridge.
however, you'll be glad to know that the completion of this link in the railway will enable us to transport the sick and disabled to the new camp by train.
colonel saito has kindly permitted me to stay behind with major clipton and the sick men and we'll rejoin you in a few days' time.
if saito is correct, the train should be along in five or 10 minutes.
if you don't mind, i'll watch from up on the hill.
i am the commanding officer of this camp which is camp 16 along the great railroad which will soon connect bangkok with rangoon.
you british prisoners have been chosen to build a bridge across the river kwai.
i'm sure a man of cmdr. shears' experience will back me up on that.
i'd say that the odds against a successful escape are 1 00 to one.
of course, it's the duty of a captured soldier to attempt escape.
but my men and i are involved in a curious legal point of which you are unaware.
i must call your attention, colonel saito to article 27 of the geneva convention.
" belligerents may employ prisoners of war who are fit, other than officers--"
and so say all of us and so say all of us
for he's a jolly good fellow for he's a jolly good fellow
as the british will work on the bridge only a few will be available for railway work.
i must ask you to lend us some of your men to reinforce the railway gang so the final stretch of track can be completed as quickly as possible.
they were about to shoot him and he didn't bat an eye.
if you're about to be shot there's not much you can do.
here is the river kwai, and here's the village where you were helped.
here is the river kwai, and here's the village where you were helped.
at the same time, they can't bring you home and give you the navy cross for impersonating an officer.
i suppose that's why they were happy to hand you over.
in view of time, they don't think practice jumps would be worth it.
the consensus is, the most sensible thing for shears to do is to go ahead and jump and hope for the best.
he's going to lead you to the river by a route i never took.
will someone tell me why i'm so indispensable to this outfit?
there's not a man in this hospital who doesn't belong there.
it's no reflection on you, but there are always a few malingerers.
but, sir, when the job's done, who knows if we can return by this route or whether we could find you if we did?
if you were me, i wouldn't hesitate to leave you and you know that.
if not for the train, we could set a time fuse and be miles away.
since we don't know what time it'll cross tomorrow we'll have to do the job manually.
the wrong side of the river but it's the only hiding place within feasible distance.
as soon as the bridge goes up whoever's there will have to swim back.
shears, pick a spot on our side of the bank where you can cover joyce.
yai will be with you so you can occupy the nips if they make trouble for joyce.
on the theory that there's always one more thing i'll set up the mortar here to create an additional diversion.
perhaps i might even take a few potshots at the train.
most of you move on tomorrow to a new camp and new construction.
it's a pity you won't see the first practical use of this bridge.
you'll be glad to know that the completion of this link in the railway will enable us to transport the sick and disabled to the new camp by train.
colonel saito has kindly permitted me to stay behind with major clipton and the sick men and we'll rejoin you in a few days' time.
it belonged to that english kid we just buried over there.
he willed that lighter to me for a favor i done him.
i am the commanding officer of this camp... which is camp 1 6... along the great railroad... which will soon connect bangkok with rangoon.
you british prisoners have been chosen... to build a bridge across the river kwai.
my men will carry on in the way one expects of the british soldier.
naturally, my officers and i will be responsible for their conduct.
i'm sure a man of commander shears' experience will back me up on that.
i'd say the odds against a successful escape are a hundred to one.
our men must always feel they are still commanded by us... and not by thejapanese.
if they have that idea to cling to, they'll be soldiers and not slaves.
i must call your attention, colonel saito... to article 27 of the geneva convention.
" belligerents may employ as workmen... prisoners of war who are physically fit other than officers--"
this shows the position work should have reached by noon today... and this shows the position of actual progress.
because of your colonel's stubbornness... we are far behind the schedule!
and wouldn't the officers be better off working than suffocating in that hole?
the men are going as slow on it as they dare... but saito's cut their food rations.
- yes, i truly understand... but it's a matter of principle.
if we give in now, there will be no end to it.
sir, we're lost in the jungle a thousand miles from anywhere.
we're under the heel of a man who will stop at nothing to get his way.
i would be a poor commander if i allowed that to happen to my men.
perhaps you are not aware... that the bridge is now under my personal command.
- yes, i've increased it... from a yard and a half of earth moved to two yards.
it's in the general interest, and i was sure you would approve.
as you can see, the available forces have been badly distributed.
i would strongly urge we revise the organization of the working parties.
you know, major, i'm leaving for the states in a few days... and i've already told your intelligence people everything i know.
yes, but you could help us in a rather special sense.
the major believes in keeping training as close to real life as possible, sir.
the major believes in keeping training as close to real life as possible, sir.
they were about to shoot him, and he didn't bat an eye.
i suppose if you're about to be shot, there isn't a great deal you can do.
i know under the circumstances it's a bit much... but you do have a unique knowledge for our purpose... and we'd love to have you with us.
you mean to tell me you brought me here to ask me this?
when the houston sunk, i made it ashore with an officer.
later, we ran into a japanese patrol, and he was killed.
i got used to being a commander... so when i arrived here at the hospital...
i looked at the enlisted men's ward and the officers' ward... and i said to myself, " let's let it ride along for awhile."
you want an american commander named shears, and he doesn't exist.
when the navy brass learns the truth about me, they'll say...
in one sense, you're a hero for making an escape from the jungle.
but they can't very well bring you home... and give you the navy cross for impersonating an officer.
would you have it said that our chaps can't do a proper job?
don't you realize how important it is to show these people... they can't break us in body or in spirit?
i think he has too much imagination as distinct from cold calculation.
as i've told you before, in a job like yours, even when it's finished... there's always one more thing to do.
it's almost as if your whole escape had been planned with us in mind.
by the way, here's something that will interest you: the new l pill.
they say, in view of the time element... they don't think a few practice jumps would be worthwhile.
they say if you make one jump, you've only got 50% chance of injury... two jumps, 80% and three jumps, you're bound to catch a backache.
he's leading you back to the river kwai himself... by a route i never took.
will someone tell me why i'm so indispensable to this outfit?
what's a nice girl like you doing in a place like this?
i'll teach you to say that in siamese, if you like.
this is your friendliest enemy... reminding you to take it easy... and never volunteer for anything.
if we stay here much longer, we'll be up to our necks.
yai says we're two to three days' march from the kwai.
if we set a faster pace, we could make it before sundown on the 1 2th.
i may be able to save the leg if i do some more cutting tonight.
do you really want to send him out to work, sir?
yes, but i wonder if fresh air and light duties... might do him more good than being cooped up here.
it's not our policy to keep a man in the hospital... just because he scratched his arm, is it?
it goes without saying, i'm proud of all of you... but we are facing a crisis.
for those who feel up to it, how about lending the others a hand?
imagine being forced to build something like that... in the condition they must be in.
they've got a british officer working down there on his knees.
if it wasn't for the train, we could set a time fuse and leave.
if it wasn't for the train, we could set a time fuse and leave.
but since we don't know what time it will cross tomorrow morning... we'll have to do the job manually.
we'll set the charges against the piles... about three feet under the water, i should think... and run the main wire downstream to the plunger.
shears, pick a spot on our side of the bank where you can coverjoyce.
yai will be with you, so you two should be able to occupy the nips... if they make any trouble forjoyce.
on the theory that there's always one more thing to do...
i'll set up the mortar here to create an additional diversion if necessary.
but there are times... when suddenly you realize you're nearer the end than the beginning.
you wonder... you ask yourself... what the sum total of your life represents... what difference your being there at any time made to anything... or if it made any difference at all really.
i'm sure i speak for all of us when i say... this has been an enjoyable evening.
most of you move on tomorrow to a new camp and new construction.
it's a pity you won't be here to see the first practical use of the bridge.
however, you'll be glad to know... the completion of this link in the railway... will enable us to transport the sick and the disabled... to the new camp by train.
but one day, in a week, a month, a year... or that day when, god willing, we all return to our homes again... you're going to feel very proud... of what you have achieved here... in the face of great adversity.
what you have done should be... and i think will be... an example to all our countrymen... soldier and civilian alike.
he gave it to me for a favor i'd done him.
before i pass on, i want to do the same for you.
our men must always feel they are still commanded by us and not by the japanese.
so long as they have that idea, they'll be soldiers and not slaves.
a poor commander i would be if i allowed that to happen.
perhaps you are not aware that the bridge is now under my command.
as the british will work on the bridge only a few will be available for railway work.
i must ask you to lend us some of your men to reinforce the railway gang so the final stretch of track can be completed as quickly as possible.
they were about to shoot him and he didn't bat an eye.
if you're about to be shot there's not much you can do.
at the same time, they can't bring you home and give you the navy cross for impersonating an officer.
i suppose that's why they were happy to hand you over.
he's going to lead you to the river by a route i never took.
will someone tell me why i'm so indispensable to this outfit?
there's not a man in this hospital who doesn't belong there.
it's no reflection on you, but there are always a few malingerers.
how to die like a gentleman, how to die by the rules when the only important thing is how to live like a human being!
i'm not gonna leave you here to die, warden because i don't care about your bridge or about your rules.
if he knew we were here, it might boost his morale.
if not for the train, we could set a time fuse and be miles away.
since we don't know what time it'll cross tomorrow we'll have to do the job manually.
we'll set the charges against the piles about three feet underwater, i should think and run the main wire downstream to the plunger.
the wrong side of the river but it's the only hiding place within feasible distance.
as soon as the bridge goes up whoever's there will have to swim back.
shears, pick a spot on our side of the bank where you can cover joyce.
yai will be with you so you can occupy the nips if they make trouble for joyce.
on the theory that there's always one more thing i'll set up the mortar here to create an additional diversion.
perhaps i might even take a few potshots at the train.
most of you move on tomorrow to a new camp and new construction.
it's a pity you won't see the first practical use of this bridge.
you'll be glad to know that the completion of this link in the railway will enable us to transport the sick and disabled to the new camp by train.
colonel saito has kindly permitted me to stay behind with major clipton and the sick men and we'll rejoin you in a few days' time.
he willed it to me for a favour i'd done him.
before i pass on, i want to do the same for you.
of course, it's the duty of a captured soldier to attempt escape.
but my men and i are involved in a curious legal point of which you are unaware.
our men must always feel they are still commanded by us and not by the japanese.
so long as they have that idea, they'll be soldiers and not slaves.
i must call your attention, colonel saito to article 27 of the geneva convention.
"belligerents may employ prisoners of war who are fit, other than officers--"
a pretty poor commander i would be if i allowed that to happen.
perhaps you are not aware that the bridge is now under my personal command.
colonel, do you suppose we could have a cup of tea?
then i take it we all agree that if we're to avoid disaster we build a new bridge, at the site picked by reeves 400 yards downstream.
i've done a time study, colonel saito, of the entire project.
as you can see, the available forces have been badly distributed.
i know it's a terrible imposition but i wonder if you could possibly come out and see us.
well, if you want to go over the whole thing again.
if you're about to be shot there's not much you can do.
here is the river kwai, and here is the village where you were helped.
in one sense you're a blasted hero for making an escape from the jungle.
but at the same time, they can't bring you home and give you the navy cross for impersonating an officer.
must we build them a better bridge than they could have themselves?
if you had to operate on saito, would you do your best or let him die?
i think he has too much imagination as distinct from cold calculation.
as i've told you before in this job, even when it's finished there's always one more thing to do.
he says it's dangerous to spend the night in the village.
there's an enemy post three miles away so we'll have to sleep in the jungle.
he's gonna lead you back to the river by a route i never took.
will someone tell me why i'm so indispensable to this outfit?
yai says we're two to three days' march from the kwai.
if we set a faster pace, we could make it before sundown on the 12th.
if not for the train, we could set a time fuse and be miles away.
since we don't know what time it'll cross tomorrow we'll have to do the job manually.
shears, pick a spot on our side of the bank where you can cover joyce.
yai will be with you so you can occupy the nips...
on the theory that there's always one more thing i'll set up the mortar here to create an additional diversion.
perhaps i might even take a few potshots at the train.
as you know, most of you move on tomorrow to a new camp and new construction.
it's a pity you won't be here to see the first practical use of this bridge.
however, you'll be glad to know that the completion of this link in the railway will enable us to transport the sick and disabled to the new camp by train.
colonel saito has kindly permitted me to stay behind with major clipton and the sick men and we'll rejoin you in a few days' time.
if saito is correct, the train should be along in five or 10 minutes.
if you don't mind, i'll watch from up on the hill.
the plumber keeps fixing the leak, and i don't want it fixed.
i'm sure many of you have one of these in your homes.
because in a few days, the force of the dripping water can actually drill a hole through the wood.
now, while i go back to the shop to get the proper tools, we shall have the rest of this evening's entertainment.
i mean, when the big event of my day is a leak in the basement?
what you need is a good knife murder, or one of those juvenile gang wars.
why do you have to go upstairs to fix the leak in the basement?
you've got to equalize the pressure or else you'll flood the whole cellar.
i guess if you want something done right, you have to do it yourself.
the plumber keeps fixing the leak, and i don't want it fixed.
don't ever leave it running when there is no one in the chair.
because in a few days, the force of the dripping water can actually drill a hole through the wood.
oh, well, it's different with me, you see, being a plumber.
i kind of make it my business to know just what appeals to women.
but i'll be back tomorrow morning, bright and early to fix that leak.
and, that'll give you plenty of time to get to the bank.
it was a bit sore when i got up this morning but it'll be all right in a day or two.
if there is a big medical bill, you've probably got insurance to cover it.
if i were you, mrs. brenner, i'd have a talk with these other women.
if enough of you got together, you could make a case against him.
i'm only going to see the parole officer and him because i have to.
that cheap suit and sawbuck they gave you ain't gonna last long.
well, how does it feel to be outside for a change?
if i'm not interrupting your game, mr. rocca, maybe i could find out.
you've been around enough to know a better place to hide a gun...
i'm not going to be a patsy for a thing like that.
if you're not careful, you'll wind up being your own patient.
that wouldn't be the first time a woman got me into trouble.
my father lost his life when he desecrated an aztec tomb.
according to the curse... my death follows his, because i am to blame for what has happened.
i try to help you and anyone who is in trouble.
my mission to which i am fully dedicated is to fight against evil.
by doing so... the doctor sent flor to tenochtitlan... to the great aztec empire... where the girl had lived in a previous life.
she, who was devoted since birth to god tezcatlipoca... and had to be a virgin... made love with popoca, a great warrior... who, defying the terrible laws, proposed her to elope.
they were discovered by the priests... and were taken as prisoners to the temple... before the god tezcatlipoca... to be punished for breaking the laws.
they were cursed by the great priest... who ordered to burn the sacrificial pyres.
popoca was buried alive and was ordered... to look after the bracelet and breastplate for ever and ever... as his cursed soul would never rest in peace.
flor was sentenced to death... not in tezcatlipoca's honor... but in the stone of sacrifices.
this is the story of the experiment that i witnessed... through the windows of dr. almada's laboratory.
some time later, he decided to look for those objects... that show the exact place where the aztec treasure lies.
i was told that dr. almada... had taken back to the tomb... the breastplate and the bracelet.
and now, how will we find out where the tomb is?
- dr. almada... don't hurt my pride because you'll be sorry.
i'm sure you are every inch a man... and i'd love to have a hand to hand fight with you.
i'll take your hypnotized fiance to the pyramid... and i'll take the breastplate and the bracelet.
you will stay with my men... and when we return you will decode the hieroglyphic... so that we will be able to find the aztec treasure.
superior forces will show the mummy the way... as it happened on other occasions.
i wouldn't be surprised to see the mummy turn up... to recover the objects in her custody... which have again been snatched from her.
i will release her only after you have decoded the hieroglyphics.
i am willing to give you half the treasure when we find it.
are you saying that there are powers of a supernatural world... that are bringing this mummy to life?
i told you not to interfere with things you don't understand.
now that the temple of the god is destroyed... she has nothing to do there.
she will probably look for a place where she can rest forever... with the objects entrusted to her by his ancestors.
i will have to rise serve myself and approach him to offer that small porcelain cup
that hasn´t stopped trembling in my hand everytime i´m close to him.
ever night, before going to bed she used to dress herself like someone who is meeting the loved one.
there was my mother always caring, willing to discover the intention of sin in a gaze or in a smile.
they are really nice but you say things about poor people that i don´t understand.
maybe, for the time being, ignorance is best for many people.
i insist that pablo is not the right man for our controversy tomorrow.
esquivel is too high-spirited and we could be affected by that.
the sin is not only the death of the soul, but also of the body!
the resurrection of the dead is denied to your body if you are in mortal sin.
-you are tall enough to reach the picture, help us, otherwise we will tell your father!
we will tell him those pictures are yours and of your sisters!
-the session is now officially open, with 90 members and 121 from the house.
we will now proceed to read the act of the previous session
and 1853 was for our country, the legal consolidation of the "principles of may".
because one of the main conquers of contemporary man... it´s the freedoom of speech.
there where any tyranic force starts to sign the empire of their demands only the good, naked word, unleashes freedoom and justice.
one closed journal, one single page banned one deleted word, represent an agression against liberty and culture that civilized man cannot stand!
the words of aguirre, moving and deep fill me with emotion.
how much would we like to believe in the honesty of his intentions... to sincerely stand up to applause, instead of imposing the interests of our opposition.
but the words need, from that who speaks them, background and moral dignity... not always present at the same time.
if congressman aguirre, didn´t speak in the name of a party which economic axis is based on a series of newspapers that appealing to "liberty of press", live on the defamation of good-spirited men...
ask to pablo aguirre, how did his father make his fortune...
if aguirre refutes that, during his father´s ministery... the journals "free court" and "opposition", weren´t forced to stop their printing for refering with dangerous persistence to the business of the lands in the south i will be able to retract on my words.
cristina, my father has been severly accused on the session... the country is living the crisis of a liberalism, no way out of it... our youth is being corrupted by the example of an intelectualized and decadent europe.
and you keep bothering me with a situation that was already solved.
it´s better to eat marshmallows than standing all day in front of the mirror
you will never understand what is to me, to get rid of this horrible thing we wear...
because they were speaking in the name of a local transportation business that had stocks in the place who were keeping that zone in a state of indigency and barbarity.
were they being kept that way, or by inertia, or by the state... that was preparing to negotiate?
there are some men meant to be rich and you wouldn´t be able to be in this economic position.
what´s the meaning of being rich if you have to pay a whole life of embarrassement.
guys, i´m going to come off cheap since i´m already drunk.
send me a little angel, so she can watch my dreams.
congressman esquivel has pretended, denouncing an alleged affair, comitted by my father disimulate the gravity of the present situation, in which freedoom of speech which is the root of people´s liberty, can be severely damaged.
the imprisonment of two newspapers directors for difamation of members of the cabinet is not only prejudicial against liberty of press, but it means the most sinister violation to people´s rights.
a nation in which press is not at the service of man doesn´t deserve respect from anyone.
and if to achieve that right, is neccesary for us to renegate of the most rooted feelings of caste and family so it be.
as far as my personal opinion goes, little can i add.
it would be futile to discuss if my father was or wasn´t loyal to his convictions by granting that concession that he believed to be good for the nation´s economy.
he´s not in duel madame, it´s in the house´s park, tomorrow at 5 a.m.
c. aguirre is dueling against c. esquivel for the accusations made in congress.
your way of dressing, you all look like novices, those women that marry god!
if there were more people that dress like us and not in the shameless way they do... things would be different!
lock them up...or better yet... let them come down, that way they´ll see that there are brave men.
so they know, as long as i´m alive, that this house will attend all honor calls.
i won´t be condemned by one more duel in my house.
turn on some candles, maybe if you pray no one will die.
because you knew that i was "the man of the promise"
a little spoiled, who have to be cheated, because, deep down, you needed to be cheated on.
you´re choosing an elegant way of comforting me even though who you want to abandon is me.
i´m not choosing anything, i´m looking for a way of living
the things that happened after that are meaningless and neither do the months that followed that day
when i opened my eyes during my sickness i could saw his figure lying in the door he didn´t dare to enter.
but i had lost forever the shadow of the angel in my window barranca´s square, the park, the briseño´s roundabout.
i came out of my house on the mornings and returned until dawn.
you mean you saw no rifles but they were illegally off the reservation.
they were returning to sand creek, said they'd been on a trading mission.
there's not 10 men left in a thousand square miles of texas.
your being from texas wouldn't have any bearing on your attitude, would it, lieutenant?
our menfolk are all fighting your kind... and we don't want what you call your help and i call your lie.
you better get going before you get some patches on them blue breeches.
or maybe you really believe that tall tale of yours, huh?
if dora hartley can speak from the grave, she'd tell you.
trouble we're in, don't you think we ought to forget about the war, bax?
when my brother went away, he told me to look after her his wife.
i don't have to live with people but i do have to live with my conscience.
and your conscience tells you to turn traitor against your friends and neighbors, i suppose?
i wish i could my friend but we're in somewhat of a dilemma.
if you're lying, he has to shoot you and if you have no money, he has to.
lieutenant, the lord was plain enough in his commands about violence and bloodshed.
it seems to me he also said something about "an eye for an eye."
men gather around a minute, i want to talk to you.
he ought to be back in the army, always shouting, shouting orders.
look, men, i appreciate what you're trying to do for me, but you're gonna get me hung.
you women clear out of here before i have you driven out.
just long enough to admit that the south has counter-attacked in force and... we've lost this engagement.
also the numerous reports i've received prove that the wrong man has been on trial here.
if he's right, we should run so fast the wind would knock over the trees.
by the time you ladies made up your minds, the comanches could have closed off the valley.
the back of your lap is a hard place to tie a bandage.
this time i want you to hit that ground so hard it splits wide open.
he's gonna tell them if the signs are in their favour.
mother of moses, you can't get any scareder than i am right now.
if you can fool a boy like bax, if you can lie about me...
if you don't want to be treated like a child, don't act like one.
most merciful father, who has been pleased to take unto thyself the soul of this, thy servant, dora hartley, grant unto us, who are still in our pilgrimage, who walk as yet by faith,
that we may join thy blessed saints hereafter in glory everlasting.
before the war at the square dances, men were so thick around you, a fella couldn't get near without having his toes crushed.
then the war came along, and all the men in the valley left, except me.
guns work for 300 yards at best they keep the medicine man out of range.
i guess i figured i'd prove my god was more powerful than his.
lieutenant, we will need you at the trial of colonel chivington for the sand creek massacre.
stella took your advice and stayed behind to wait for her husband.
trembled." it was october 30, 1938, a night weather like other october nights in other years except for perhaps two factors.
first, it was a year in which the nations of the world, at peace for almost 20 years, had recently seen shattered their comfortable illusion of security.
hence, open to emotional attack against their reason, against their intelligence, and their logic.
point two is somewhat harder to accept, but it's equally valid.
it can be traced back countless centuries beyond civilized mankind's reasoned fear of war to primitive man's instinctive terror of the great unknown.
for october 30 was that mysterious night when dark tradition tells us fiends and demons walked the whims of the world.
the one night of the year when even sensible men believe that almost anything can happen, the eve of halloween, 1938.
and in a radio studio of the columbia broadcasting system in new york city, the actors and staff of the mercury theatre on the air were putting the final touches to what was frankly a terror tale, which was to go on the air within a few short minutes.
-ya, you know, you take now a punk like this hitler, all spit and polish, the mob yelling' hail every time he wipes his nose.
a guy like him don't raise an army just for the fun.
where everybody made the mistake was, they never should've buckled under him from the beginning.
if they just told him to go jump at the lake, well, what could he do, huh?
i just mean anybody who won't stand up and fight for his country.
-yeah, i'll fight for my country same as the next guy.
-we know now that in the early years of the 20th century, this world was being watched closely by intelligences greater than man's and yet as mortal as his own.
we know now that as human beings busied themselves about their various concerns, they were scrutinized and studied, perhaps, almost as narrowly as a man with a microscope might scrutinize the transient creatures that swarm and multiply in a drop of water.
you know, i took this job because i thought it was going to be exciting.
-on this particular evening, october 30, the crossley rating service estimated that 32 million people were listening in on radios.
i got a good picture here and a double column spot on the front page.
-ok, but there's not really much to it, no serious injuries.
the spectroscope indicates the gas to be hydrogen and moving toward the earth with enormous velocity.
professor pearson of the observatory at princeton confirms farrell's observation and describes the phenomenon as quote, "like a jet of blue flame shot from a gun."
the flash in the sky was visible within a radius of several hundred miles.
and the noise of the impact was heard as far north as elizabeth.
we have dispatched a special mobile unit to the scene and will have our commentator, mr. phillips, give you a word description as soon as he reach there from princeton.
in the meantime, we take you to hotel marinet in brooklyn where bobby millette and his orchestra are offering a program of dance music.
- i hardly know where to begin to paint for you a word picture of the strange scene before my eyes.
i guess that's the-- the thing directly in front of me, huh, buried in a vast pit.
it's a white handkerchief tied to a pole, a flag of truce.
it those creatures know what that means, what-- what anything means.
mercer county are fighting the flames, which menace the entire countryside.
we have been unable to establish any contact with our mobile unit at grover mill.
something moving, solid metal, kind of a shield like affair rising up out of the cylinder.
it's standing on legs actually rearing up on a sort of metal framework.
wells "war of the worlds" is as devastating as it is unexpected.
the columbia broadcasting system and its affiliated stations, the newspapers, the police and fire departments of the whole nation all are being deluged by a niagara of calls from frenzied listeners who believe the radio drama to be the real thing.
more than a million listeners from coast to coast are caught in the grip of a contagious mass hysteria.
and they flee in terror from an incredible bogeymen, mythical invaders from the planet mars.
mill to plainsboro crushed and trampled to death under the metal feet of the monster or burned to cinders by its heat ray.
langham field, virginia scouting planes report three martian machines visible above treetops moving north toward somerville with populations fleeing ahead of them.
i'm speaking from the roof of the broadcasting building, new york city.
bells you hear are ringing to warn people to evacuate the city as the martians approach.
this is your host, ladies and gentlemen, out of character to assure you that "the war of the worlds" has no further significance than as the holiday offering it was intended to be.
the mercury theatre's own radio version of dressing up in a sheet and jumping out of a bush and saying, boo!
we annihilated the world before your very ears and utterly destroyed the columbia broadcasting system.
now, you will be relieved, i hope, to learn that we didn't mean it and that both institutions are still open for business.
so, good bye everybody, and remember please, for the next day or so, the terrible lesson you learned tonight.
that grinning, glowing, globular invader of your living room is an inhabitant of the pumpkin patch.
all this took place in 1938 in a less sophisticated yesteryear that did not know the atom bomb guided missiles and rockets that may shortly fly to the moon.
20 years ago, the concept of an alien race was novel to us, hence.
there is every reason to believe that long before the martians come to us, we will go to them.
i wonder if we'll panic them as they did us on the night america trembled.
studio one gratefully acknowledges the cooperation of paramount pictures, whose current release of cecil b. demille's "10 commandments.
" westinghouse studio one has come to you from new york and has been selected for viewing by america's armed
oh, did you include the paragraph on the cost of the drilling rig?
and the estimates of the well in case it has to go deeper than 5,000 feet?
if that's the way you feel, i'll stay out of your way.
i just wanted to make sure we had everything down in black and white.
mr. mason, that's why i asked you to come up here.
plainly because i thought if you saw what i was fighting that maybe you'd take my case.
well, the sylvan glade company didn't have enough money to drill so miss howard persuaded my husband to finance the operation.
and if they find oil on the property, she gets half his profits.
that's right and then she'll play the part of the nagging wife.
and when she does, i'll be there waiting with laughter and companionship.
wait, before you vote, better have a look at your corporate bylaws, paragraph 2, section 16.
"it will be binding upon this corporation to secure the unanimous consent of all stockholders before undertaking any activity not specifically identified with the construction of home dwelling units and the acquisition of property therefore."
if you hadn't let him buy in, this wouldn't have happened.
well, they're my shares i can do what i like with them.
no matter what you do, mrs. granger, hold on to this taxi receipt.
i want the police to find it right off the bat.
they wanted to go to a certain place in beverly hills, only they didn't know the address.
so i drove them around until, all of a sudden, one of them says:
mr. prosecutor, you must admit that the testimony of this witness has become hopelessly impaired.
you would hardly be in a position to put him in front of a jury to make an absolute identification.
who was twisted every which way whenever he had to spend a nickel.
but he was my father and herbert stayed with him to please me.
you say that this exhibit is the defendant's gun, that it has her fingerprints on it and it was found near the victim's body.
yes, sir, and it was registered in the name of bruce granger.
the other one was a u.m.c. that was the last one fired.
now, as ballistics expert for this department, you checked the fatal bullet to determine from which weapon it had been fired.
all right, let's interpret them my way, if you don't mind.
now, suppose the first bullet, the bullet that killed lutts, was fired from a distance.
if it please the court, i should like to test mr. redfield's thesis.
your honour, does counsel for the defence presume to know more about ballistics than mr. redfield, a recognised expert?
if i were to fire this blank into this fabric, what would happen?
you'd have your powder burns, but you'd also have a hole in the fabric.
it had to be someone or some object on the hilltop.
the hilltop is the only place in a direct line with a certain hole in the wall of that construction shack.
"and again, let me thank you for all you've done on behalf of my wife.
by the time you receive this, we'll be on our way to mexico for our second honeymoon." it's signed bruce granger.
well, if instead of using paper wadding to hold the powder in the blank cartridge, you take some chalk, crimp just enough of it in the end of the shell to let the pressure build up, you'll burn up the powder--
and the explosion will disintegrate the chalk so there's no trace of it.
and this is the key to his office with the address on the tag.
as long as mr. davenport is alive, i have no right to touch that letter.
there is no doubt that death was caused by stoppage of the heart, due in turn to ingestion of the poison.
do you have an opinion as to how the poison was administered?
well, if rita norge were dishonest, she never would've turned that money over to lieutenant tragg.
if she'd hidden a couple of hundred thousand belonging to davenport, then the money she gave tragg would've been a cheap price to pay for a reputation of honesty.
i should like you to remember, doctor, that you're under oath.
now, had you ever seen mr. davenport before you treated him at the vista motel?
did he tell you then that he wanted to die or rather that he wanted to have it appear that he had died?
i repeat, the communication between a doctor and a patient is privileged.
- dr. renault, did you not conspire with ed davenport to stage his death in the presence of his wife?
and then wasn't your plan to accuse her of poisoning him?
he wanted to get his hot little hands on the money.
so beckmeyer was responsible for those blank pages in the letter.
as a matter of fact, it hasn't even gotten here yet.
first, i would like to announce a change in our program.
but no sign of who did it, and no sign of a struggle or anything like that.
would your uncle keep any sums of money about the place?
what we might know and what we're able to tell you are two different things.
however, you may say that we expect to have something definite...
then the criminal would know what we're doing, too, wouldn't he?
come on now, sergeant, we're talking about progress and you can't report anything because you haven't made any.
they know tricks that we've never even heard of and wouldn't practice if we had.
well, whoever he is and wherever he's from, he's a man to reckon with.
men eye each other, even familiar faces, and think, "it might be him."
this one man with a pair of hands has terrified this whole community and made them realize that the laws are powerful only so long as they are obeyed.
well, those people killed and were discovered only years afterwards by accident or belated confession.
now, there must be many others who have never been discovered.
and couldn't it be that parts of our bodies aren't really us?
and ideas could come into those parts all of a sudden like ideas come into
i hope you'll excuse me for not being ready at show time but my watch is slow.
as a matter of fact, it hasn't even gotten here yet.
the senseless wantonness of these killings has everybody talking about them.
i've been told to stick with this story till it's solved.
now, look here, you can't expect us to tell you every move we make, you know.
then the criminal would know what we're doing, too, wouldn't he?
since it seemed like there was no reason for killing them at all,
i thought maybe the reason why there seemed to be no reason was because there isn't any reason.
nothing so old-fashioned as a conscience bothers him, yet he has three murders to his credit.
and i'm sure he's sitting somewhere now calmly drinking a cup of tea, just as we are
now, there must be many others who have never been discovered.
now, you say the murderer is always caught because all the ones we know of have been caught.
couldn't ideas live in nerve and muscle as well as in the brain?
and couldn't it be that parts of our bodies aren't really us?
i hope you'll excuse me for not being ready at show time but my watch is slow.
as a matter of fact, it hasn't even gotten here yet.
the senseless wantonness of these killings has everybody talking about them.
i've been told to stick with this story till it's solved.
now, look here, you can't expect us to tell you every move we make, you know.
then the criminal would know what we're doing, too, wouldn't he?
since it seemed like there was no reason for killing them at all,
i thought maybe the reason why there seemed to be no reason was because there isn't any reason.
nothing so old-fashioned as a conscience bothers him, yet he has three murders to his credit.
and i'm sure he's sitting somewhere now calmly drinking a cup of tea, just as we are
now, there must be many others who have never been discovered.
now, you say the murderer is always caught because all the ones we know of have been caught.
couldn't ideas live in nerve and muscle as well as in the brain?
and couldn't it be that parts of our bodies aren't really us?
as a matter of fact, it hasn't even gotten here yet.
first, i would like to announce a change in our program.
but no sign of who did it, and no sign of a struggle or anything like that.
would your uncle keep any sums of money about the place?
what we might know and what we're able to tell you are two different things.
however, you may say that we expect to have something definite...
then the criminal would know what we're doing, too, wouldn't he?
come on now, sergeant, we're talking about progress and you can't report anything because you haven't made any.
they know tricks that we've never even heard of and wouldn't practice if we had.
well, whoever he is and wherever he's from, he's a man to reckon with.
men eye each other, even familiar faces, and think, "it might be him. "
this one man with a pair of hands has terrified this whole community and made them realize that the laws are powerful only so long as they are obeyed.
well, those people killed and were discovered only years afterwards by accident or belated confession.
now, there must be many others who have never been discovered.
and couldn't it be that parts of our bodies aren't really us?
and ideas could come into those parts all of a sudden like ideas come into
an actor i know is a dimwit who can't count higher than the fingers on his hands.
but once he gets on stage, the audience goes so wild, you'd think the house would split in two.
better hurry and tell them, or they might think you beat her to death.
i've got to pay for her funeral, but i've only got 40 pennies.
but he did it out of pity for those beyond hope.
some folks in this world have to prop themselves up with lies.
if i were rich, i'd build myself a tavern and make everything free.
drink your fill, eat your fill, and make a fresh start in life.
why'd you have to let it slip that i beat my man?
i saw you dragging him around by the hair on his head.
an actor i know is a dimwit who can't count higher than the fingers on his hands.
but once he gets on stage, the audience goes so wild, you'd think the house would split in two.
but you know, osen... why does she have it in for that clog smith unokichi?
because he let it out that sutekichi ditched her for an upgrade to okayo.
when you die and go over to that world, you'll see the buddha.
the buddha will gaze at you, his eyes full of great mercy.
better hurry and tell them, or they might think you beat her to death.
i've got to pay for her funeral, but i've only got 40 pennies.
if you stay here as you are, what'll become of you?
you may be rock-solid, but with that sister and that husband of hers...
but he did it out of pity for those beyond hope.
some folks in this world have to prop themselves up with lies.
if i were rich, i'd build myself a tavern and make everything free.
drink your fill, eat your fill, and make a fresh start in life.
why'd you have to let it slip that i beat my man?
i saw you dragging him around by the hair on his head.
by the way, you're taking up an awful lot of space for 30 pennies a month rent.
three mats' worth for bedtime and taking over the common room.
but it seems to me, for a lord, your fall from grace landed you flat on your ass.
you wouldn't know, but... in the old days i lived in the lap of luxury.
when you die and go over to that world, you'll see the buddha.
the buddha will gaze at you, his eyes full of great mercy.
better hurry and tell them, or they might think you beat her to death.
i've got to pay for her funeral, but i've only got 40 pennies.
if you stay here as you are, what'll become of you?
you may be rock-solid, but with that sister and that husband of hers...
but he did it out of pity for those beyond hope.
some folks in this world have to prop themselves up with lies.
if i were rich, i'd build myself a tavern and make everything free.
drink your fill, eat your fill, and make a fresh start in life.
why'd you have to let it slip that i beat my man?
i saw you dragging him around by the hair on his head.
an actor i know is a dimwit who can't count higher than the fingers on his hands.
but once he gets on stage, the audience goes so wild, you'd think the house would split in two.
but you know, osen... why does she have it in for that clog smith unokichi?
because he let it out that sutekichi ditched her for an upgrade to okayo.
better hurry and tell them, or they might think you beat her to death.
i've got to pay for her funeral, but i've only got 40 pennies.
if you stay here as you are, what'll become of you?
you may be rock-solid, but with that sister and that husband of hers...
an actor i know is a dimwit who can't count higher than the fingers on his hands.
but once he gets on stage, the audience goes so wild, you'd think the house would split in two.
but you know, osen... why does she have it in for that clog smith unokichi?
because he let it out that sutekichi ditched her for an upgrade to okayo.
when you die and go over to that world, you'll see the buddha.
the buddha will gaze at you, his eyes full of great mercy.
better hurry and tell them, or they might think you beat her to death.
i've got to pay for her funeral, but i've only got 40 pennies.
if you stay here as you are, what'll become of you?
you may be rock-solid, but with that sister and that husband of hers...
but he did it out of pity for those beyond hope.
some folks in this world have to prop themselves up with lies.
if i were rich, i'd build myself a tavern and make everything free.
drink your fill, eat your fill, and make a fresh start in life.
why'd you have to let it slip that i beat my man?
i saw you dragging him around by the hair on his head.
haven't you ever seen anybody with a loving cup on their head before.
no, i haven't, and i've lived in brooklyn for 56 years.
now, maybe it's a little hard for you to understand, but my husband will understand.
now, if you'll just call plaza 3-2099, ask for ricky ricardo and tell him lucy's on the way with the cup.
would, would, would you get me one of those wonderful, kindhearted policemen?
one of those guardians of the law in this great city?
i'd like you to say hello to our guest of honor.
of course you all know the man that has won more races than any other jockey in the entire world--
if you´re so anxious, why don´t you do something about it yourself.
don´t think i wouldn´t if i thought it would work, man.
palms to be greased and people paid to turn the other way.
tell our friend if he can´t be more communicative, this is the last trip.
an immigration officer presumes that a woman who looks like me should be kept.
and they prefer citizens of other countries to do the keeping.
i don´t think i´m going to care for your attitude very much.
all right. i don´t think i even care for my attitude very much.
you know, when i get rich, i´m going to buy myself a crowbar and come aboard this boat and beat that port engine to scrap.
i hung around the house for three months after i got back from korea, doing nothing.
said it gave him a bad name, having a son who was turning into a bum.
so i went to new york and met a guy i used to know there went to college with.
you´re stuck with me for a little while, and i´m stuck with you.
but we don´t have to make it any worse than it already is.
and we´ll pull in at hong kong and bangkok and indianapolis, indiana.
and i´ll be faithful to you from here to the last distillery.
if you happen to see any of us around it might be advisable for you to pretend you don´t know us.
we can´t just drop her like this in the middle of this forsaken hole.
who must present the authorities with information of an interesting character.
now, they see a lady like you arrive, they make a few inquiries.
they find that your arrival did not coincide with the landing of a plane the docking of a steamer.
they discovered that you seem to be settling down for a long stay.
a delicate hint that too much curiosity is a bit improper in this case.
a genial reminder that the lady in question is regarded benevolently...
i don´t like to sound immodest but i, myself, might answer to such a description.
if it were to my interest, perhaps i could be prevailed upon to drop a word in a proper quarter.
i look in the mirror and i say, "what a lie."
at the first glance, the face looks like the face of a human being.
i´m gonna stay here and see if i can find a buyer for the boat.
i was getting tired of that boat anyway, that port engine.
he´s jammed up in the bow, and they can´t get him out.
oh, well, if a man signs up to be a sailor he must expect little inconveniences like that from time to time.
now, if he pours in enough at a certain moment, the ulysses will capsize and sink.
when that happens, he will lose his job, and so will i because we permitted the ship to sink alongside a dock.
and we´ll deserve to lose our jobs because it will put the dock out of commission for at least, oh, a year.
to say nothing of the money it will cost to float it again and get it out of the way.
but if he does not put enough water into the hold to keep the fire under control, the fire will spread.
in the very next hold, we´ve just discovered a charming fact.
if the fire were to reach the 80 tons of nitrates, there goes the ulysses.
and there goes, perhaps, half the harbor facilities of this port.
all we have to do is raise this girder 3, 4 inches.
if you feel it lifting, try to get your legs out by yourself, got it?
i´m gonna start my boys working from the outside with acetylene torches.
i don´t think we´ll have time enough to reach you, tony, but we´ll try.
now, listen, we´re gonna make one more try with the jacks.
they might work, but if things begin to tumble around in here and i can´t reach you, that´s the best way out.
and if i had a son, i´d curse him if he didn´t promise me to spend his life tracking him down and killing him.
if i had a brother, i´d swear i´d never let him rest until he promised me that he´d get him.
i never have hunches when something good´s gonna happen to me, only bad.
i´d be a great guy to consult to know who was going to lose a horserace.
i thought you said he couldn´t move for at least another five days.
i know what i said, but he´s a young man, and he recovers fast.
i would then have admitted the crime, retained myself for the defence.
my lord, members of the jury, i hereby enter a plea of justifiable homicide.
mr vole, you must not take such a morbid point of view.
it's just when you say these things are closing in on me, it's like a nightmare.
- i suppose you think i'm a bit of a drifter.
it's true, in a way, but i'm really not like that.
i have a warrant for your arrest on the charge of murdering emily french.
i must warn you that anything you say may be taken down and used in evidence.
give her a month's pay and kick her down the stairs.
either you take care of yourself or i, too, shall resign.
handle her gently, especially when you tell her of the arrest.
bear in mind she's a foreigner, so prepare for hysterics, even a fainting spell.
my dear mrs vole, in our courts we accept the evidence of witnesses who speak only bulgarian and who must have an interpreter.
we accept the evidence of deaf-mutes who cannot speak at all, as long as they tell the truth.
i will give him an alibi and i shall be very convincing.
there will be tears in my eyes when i say "leonard came home at 9.26 precisely."
the prosecution will break her down in no time when she's in the witness box.
this case is going to be rather like the charge of the light brigade or one of those japanese suicide pilots.
and it is your charge to say, having heard the evidence, whether he be guilty or not.
members of the jury, by the oath which you have just taken, you have sworn to try this case on the evidence.
i appear in this case with my learned friend, mr barton, for the prosecution.
and my learned friends sir wilfrid robarts and mr brogan-moore appear for the defence.
i trust we are not to be deprived of the learned and stimulating presence of sir wilfrid?
my lord, may i assure my learned friend that sir wilfrid is in the old bailey.
you will hear how the prisoner made the acquaintance of mrs emily french, a woman of 56.
how he was treated by her with kindness and even affection.
on the night of october 14 last, between 9.30 and 10, mrs french was murdered.
medical testimony will be introduced to prove that death was caused by a blow from a blunt and heavy instrument, and it is the case for the prosecution that the blow was dealt by the prisoner, leonard vole.
from the body temperature and other factors, we placed the time of death at between 9.30 and 10pm, approximately 30 minutes before janet mckenzie returned home and called us.
death was instantaneous, caused by one blow from a heavy and blunt instrument.
there was glass on the floor, and fragments were found outside.
the glass outside was not consistent with the window being forced from the outside.
let us not surmise, sir wilfrid, but confine ourselves to facts.
inspector, when you questioned the prisoner as to the stains on his jacket, did he not show you a recently-healed scar on his wrist,
i've no opinion of companions, poor feckless bodies, afraid of a bit of honest domestic work.
i meant you were on friendly terms, not altogether those of mistress and servant.
i stayed until 20 to 11, then i said good night and i come home.
i went into the sitting room to see if the mistress wanted anything before she went to bed.
i will not allow that question to be answered, mr myers.
miss mckenzie, were you aware that leonard vole was a married man?
were you aware of the arrangements mrs french made to dispose of her money?
she had her old will revoked and a new one drawn up.
it'll be a wicked injustice if he ever touches a penny of that money.
it is entirely understandable that you are antagonistic to the prisoner.
i swear by almighty god that the evidence i shall give shall be the truth, the whole truth and nothing but the truth.
my lord, i have the most serious objection to this witness being summoned, as she is the wife of the prisoner.
you stated to the police that on the night that mrs french was murdered,
leonard vole left the house at 7.30 and returned at 25 minutes past 9.
my lord is most gracious, but pray let the witness continue.
we are all of us caught up in the suspense of this horror fiction.
what he has asked me to do i have because i was grateful.
it was not because he was your husband and you loved him?
in this country we are inclined to take a rather more serious view of marriage.
however, it would appear that when you first met the prisoner in hamburg
the question is, frau helm, were you lying then, are you lying now?
or are you not, in fact, a chronic and habitual liar?
my lord, is my learned friend to be allowed to bully and insult the witness?
mr myers, this is a capital charge and, within the bounds of reason,
among the witnesses you have heard chief inspector hearne, who has given his testimony in a fair and impartial manner, as he always does.
he has put before you a clever theory of how this crime was committed.
whether it is theory or actual fact, however, you will decide for yourselves.
and then you have heard the evidence of janet mckenzie, a worthy and devoted housekeeper who has suffered two most grievous losses.
one, the death of her beloved mistress and, second, in being deprived of an inheritance of β£80,000, which she'd fully expected to receive.
i will not comment further on her evidence, but will express only my deepest sympathy for her in both these... mishaps.
and most damaging of all, the prosecution has produced a surprise witness, one christine helm, whom the prisoner brought from the rubble of her homeland to the safety of this country, giving her his love and the protection of his name.
i objected to her testimony because a wife cannot give evidence harmful to her husband.
but it has been proven that her marriage to mr vole was fraudulent and bigamous.
therefore, her evidence must be admitted and you must consider it.
have you, in fact, concluded your examination of the prisoner, sir wilfrid?
the prisoner has endured three days of profound mental agony and shock.
i am confident that no matter how searching this may be, the prisoner will withstand it.
at the time you made the acquaintance of mrs french, were you employed?
lamentably, he had not been seen on the night of the murder but one week before.
on the afternoon of october 8, were you not in a travel agency in regent street?
well, the man gave me a funny look because i did look a bit shabby.
anyway, it irritated me, so i kept asking for the swankiest tours, all de luxe and cabin on the boat deck, but it was just an act!
that you left mrs french's house at the time you say, that you came home at 5 and 20 minutes past 9, and that you did not go out again!
somebody must have seen me in the street or going in the house!
i'm at the buffet at euston station at the far end of the bar.
i'll be here for 30 minutes because that's when me train leaves.
if these letters get the boy off, it's β£100 for me, right?
if these letters contain information useful to the defence, i'm prepared to offer β£10.
mr myers, if you are ready, let us have the final address for the prosecution.
my lord, members of the jury, i will be brief in my final speech because i think we've proved so obvious a case of murder against leonard vole, that a verdict of guilty must be the only possible conclusion.
i have anticipated this objection and can meet it with ample precedent.
there is the king vs stillman, reported in the criminal appeal reports of 1926 at page 463.
also, the king vs porter in volume one of the king's bench division reports, 1942 at page 153.
and lastly there is the case of the king vs sullivan in which this issue was raised, which i'm sure your lordship will remember, since you appeared for the prosecution.
"his only hope of an alibi depends on me and me alone."
"suppose i testify that he was not at home with me at the time of the murder, that he came home with blood on his sleeves, and that he even admitted to me that he'd killed her?"
"strange that he always said he would never let me leave him."
"but now, if this succeeds, he will be leaving me because they will take him away forever and i shall be free and yours, my beloved."
leonard stephen vole, you have been found not guilty of the murder of emily jane french on october 14.
you are hereby discharged and are free to leave the court.
"mr vole." they didn't call me mr when they charged me.
- i'll go with you, i have your hat and coat.
but i have a ladder in my last pair of nylons.
in case you are not familiar with our prison regulations, no silk stockings.
the idea that i should be a witness, not for my husband, but for the prosecution.
that i should swear leonard was guilty and that you should expose me as a liar because only then would they believe leonard was innocent.
i would then have admitted the crime, retained myself for the defence.
my lord, members of the jury, i hereby enter a plea of justifiable homicide.
mr vole, you must not take such a morbid point of view.
it's just when you say these things are closing in on me, it's like a nightmare.
- i suppose you think i'm a bit of a drifter.
it's true, in a way, but i'm really not like that.
actually, it was a ridiculous sort of hat- a silly thing with ribbons and flowers.
i'm constantly surprised that women's hats do not provoke more murders.
if mr vole had been sponging off mrs french, why cut off the source of supply?
or, if he'd been hoping for a golden egg, why kill the goose before it was laid?
i'm in no condition to cope with emotional wives drenched in tears.
miss plimsoll, how alluring you look, waiting like a hangman on the scaffold.
bear in mind she's a foreigner, so prepare for hysterics, even a fainting spell.
better have smelling salts ready, box of tissues and a nip of brandy.
we accept the evidence of deaf-mutes who cannot speak at all, as long as they tell the truth.
you're aware that when you're in the witness box you will be sworn
i want to read a portion of the evidence of janet mckenzie, the housekeeper.
"mr vole helped mrs french with her business affairs, particularly her income tax returns."
and it is your charge to say, having heard the evidence, whether he be guilty or not.
members of the jury, by the oath which you have just taken, you have sworn to try this case on the evidence.
i appear in this case with my learned friend, mr barton, for the prosecution.
and my learned friends sir wilfrid robarts and mr brogan-moore appear for the defence.
i trust we are not to be deprived of the learned and stimulating presence of sir wilfrid?
my lord, may i assure my learned friend that sir wilfrid is in the old bailey.
you will hear how the prisoner made the acquaintance of mrs emily french, a woman of 56.
how he was treated by her with kindness and even affection.
on the night of october 14 last, between 9.30 and 10, mrs french was murdered.
medical testimony will be introduced to prove that death was caused by a blow from a blunt and heavy instrument, and it is the case for the prosecution that the blow was dealt by the prisoner, leonard vole.
inspector, is it your opinion that the assailant, whether he, she or it, had taken mrs french by surprise?
my lord, i am taken by surprise that my learned friend should try to solicit from the witness an opinion, not a fact.
after establishing the cause and the time of death, what did you then do?
a search was made, photographs were taken and the premises fingerprinted.
things were strewn about and the window had been broken near the catch.
there was glass on the floor, and fragments were found outside.
the glass outside was not consistent with the window being forced from the outside.
you're saying that someone made it look as if it had been forced from the outside?
can't we surmise the burglar might have entered a presumably empty house, suddenly encountered mrs french and struck her, then, realising she was dead, fled without taking anything?
i submit, my lord, that it is entirely impossible to guess what went on in the mind of some entirely imaginary burglar.
i've no opinion of companions, poor feckless bodies, afraid of a bit of honest domestic work.
i meant you were on friendly terms, not altogether those of mistress and servant.
a life of the baroness burdett-coutts, and the one about disraeli and his wife.
both of them about women that married men years younger than themselves.
whereas in the new will, except for a bequest to you of a small annuity, the principal beneficiary is the prisoner, leonard vole.
it'll be a wicked injustice if he ever touches a penny of that money.
six months ago i applied for my hearing aid, and i'm still waiting for it.
my dear miss mckenzie, considering the rubbish that is being talked nowadays, you are missing very little.
i swear by almighty god that the evidence i shall give shall be the truth, the whole truth and nothing but the truth.
my lord, i have the most serious objection to this witness being summoned, as she is the wife of the prisoner.
you stated to the police that on the night that mrs french was murdered,
leonard vole left the house at 7.30 and returned at 25 minutes past 9.
if the defence so desires, i will adjourn for a short time so that the prisoner may gain control of himself.
my lord is most gracious, but pray let the witness continue.
that woman, she was a harmless old fool, and he makes of me an accomplice to the murder.
i cannot come into court and swear that he was with me at the time it was done.
my lord, may i also remind my learned friend that his witness, by her own admission, has already violated so many oaths that i am surprised the testament did not leap from her hand when she was sworn here today.
i doubt if anything is to be gained by questioning you any further.
among the witnesses you have heard chief inspector hearne, who has given his testimony in a fair and impartial manner, as he always does.
he has put before you a clever theory of how this crime was committed.
whether it is theory or actual fact, however, you will decide for yourselves.
and then you have heard the evidence of janet mckenzie, a worthy and devoted housekeeper who has suffered two most grievous losses.
one, the death of her beloved mistress and, second, in being deprived of an inheritance of £80,000, which she'd fully expected to receive.
i will not comment further on her evidence, but will express only my deepest sympathy for her in both these... mishaps.
and most damaging of all, the prosecution has produced a surprise witness, one christine helm, whom the prisoner brought from the rubble of her homeland to the safety of this country, giving her his love and the protection of his name.
i objected to her testimony because a wife cannot give evidence harmful to her husband.
but it has been proven that her marriage to mr vole was fraudulent and bigamous.
therefore, her evidence must be admitted and you must consider it.
the prisoner has endured three days of profound mental agony and shock.
the defence feels his faculties should be spared for the cross-examination by my learned friend for the prosecution.
however, the defence will be pleased to learn that, at the last moment, a witness has come forward, and that the prisoner had been seen wearing this coat and this hat.
lamentably, he had not been seen on the night of the murder but one week before.
on the afternoon of october 8, were you not in a travel agency in regent street?
and did you not make inquiries about prices and schedules of foreign cruises?
we went in for fun and i started asking for folders.
well, the man gave me a funny look because i did look a bit shabby.
and the fact, mr vole, is that we've only your word for it.
that you left mrs french's house at the time you say, that you came home at 5 and 20 minutes past 9, and that you did not go out again!
if i can't stand up to make my final appeal for him, i'll make it sitting down.
if i become short of breath i'll take a pill, or two pills, or all of them and the box too.
i'm at the buffet at euston station at the far end of the bar.
i'll be here for 30 minutes because that's when me train leaves.
well, as i say, i don't expect you to buy without seeing, but fair's fair.
if these letters get the boy off, it's £100 for me, right?
mr myers, if you are ready, let us have the final address for the prosecution.
my lord, members of the jury, i will be brief in my final speech because i think we've proved so obvious a case of murder against leonard vole, that a verdict of guilty must be the only possible conclusion.
there is the king vs stillman, reported in the criminal appeal reports of 1926 at page 463.
also, the king vs porter in volume one of the king's bench division reports, 1942 at page 153.
"leonard is suspected of murdering the old lady i told you about."
"his only hope of an alibi depends on me and me alone."
"suppose i testify that he was not at home with me at the time of the murder, that he came home with blood on his sleeves, and that he even admitted to me that he'd killed her?"
"strange that he always said he would never let me leave him."
you are hereby discharged and are free to leave the court.
persons with anything more to do before the queen's justices of oyer and terminer and jail delivery for the jurisdiction of the central criminal court may depart the area.
but i have a ladder in my last pair of nylons.
in case you are not familiar with our prison regulations, no silk stockings.
the idea that i should be a witness, not for my husband, but for the prosecution.
that i should swear leonard was guilty and that you should expose me as a liar because only then would they believe leonard was innocent.
i would then have admitted the crime, retained myself for the defense.
my lord, members of the jury, i hereby enter a plea of justifiable homicide.
mr. vole, you must not take such a morbid point of view.
it's just when you say these things are closing in on me, it's like a nightmare.
- i suppose you think i'm a bit of a drifter.
it's true, in a way, but i'm really not like that.
i'm in no condition to cope with emotional wives drenched in tears.
miss plimsoll, how alluring you look, waiting like a hangman on the scaffold.
bear in mind she's a foreigner, so prepare for hysterics, even a fainting spell.
better have smelling salts ready, box of tissues and a nip of brandy.
we accept the evidence of deaf-mutes who cannot speak at all, as long as they tell the truth.
you're aware that when you're in the witness box you will be sworn
i want to read a portion of the evidence of janet mckenzie, the housekeeper.
"mr. vole helped mrs. french with her business affairs, particularly her income tax returns."
and it is your charge to say, having heard the evidence, whether he be guilty or not.
members of the jury, by the oath which you have just taken, you have sworn to try this case on the evidence.
i appear in this case with my learned friend, mr. barton, for the prosecution.
and my learned friends sir wilfrid robarts and mr. brogan-moore appear for the defense.
i trust we are not to be deprived of the learned and stimulating presence of sir wilfrid?
my lord, may i assure my learned friend that sir wilfrid is in the old bailey.
you will hear how the prisoner made the acquaintance of mrs. emily french, a woman of 56.
how he was treated by her with kindness and even affection.
on the night of october 14 last, between 9:30 and 10, mrs. french was murdered.
medical testimony will be introduced to prove that death was caused by a blow from a blunt and heavy instrument, and it is the case for the prosecution that the blow was dealt by the prisoner, leonard vole.
from the body temperature and other factors, we placed the time of death at between 9:30 and 10 p.m., approximately 30 minutes before janet mckenzie returned home and called us.
death was instantaneous, caused by one blow from a heavy and blunt instrument.
there was glass on the floor, and fragments were found outside.
the glass outside was not consistent with the window being forced from the outside.
let us not surmise, sir wilfrid, but confine ourselves to facts.
inspector, when you questioned the prisoner as to the stains on his jacket, did he not show you a recently-healed scar on his wrist,
i've no opinion of companions, poor feckless bodies, afraid of a bit of honest domestic work.
i meant you were on friendly terms, not altogether those of mistress and servant.
i stayed until 20 to 11, then i said good night and i come home.
i went into the sitting room to see if the mistress wanted anything before she went to bed.
i will not allow that question to be answered, mr. myers.
miss mckenzie, were you aware that leonard vole was a married man?
were you aware of the arrangements mrs. french made to dispose of her money?
she had her old will revoked and a new one drawn up.
it'll be a wicked injustice if he ever touches a penny of that money.
it is entirely understandable that you are antagonistic to the prisoner.
i swear by almighty god that the evidence i shall give shall be the truth, the whole truth and nothing but the truth.
my lord, i have the most serious objection to this witness being summoned, as she is the wife of the prisoner.
you stated to the police that on the night that mrs. french was murdered,
leonard vole left the house at 7:30 and returned at 25 minutes past 9.
my lord is most gracious, but pray let the witness continue.
we are all of us caught up in the suspense of this horror fiction.
what he has asked me to do i have because i was grateful.
it was not because he was your husband and you loved him?
in this country we are inclined to take a rather more serious view of marriage.
however, it would appear that when you first met the prisoner in hamburg
the question is, frau helm, were you lying then, are you lying now?
or are you not, in fact, a chronic and habitual liar?
my lord, is my learned friend to be allowed to bully and insult the witness?
mr. myers, this is a capital charge and, within the bounds of reason,
among the witnesses you have heard chief inspector hearne, who has given his testimony in a fair and impartial manner, as he always does.
he has put before you a clever theory of how this crime was committed.
whether it is theory or actual fact, however, you will decide for yourselves.
and then you have heard the evidence of janet mckenzie, a worthy and devoted housekeeper who has suffered two most grievous losses.
one, the death of her beloved mistress and, second, in being deprived of an inheritance of £80,000, which she'd fully expected to receive.
i will not comment further on her evidence, but will express only my deepest sympathy for her in both these... mishaps.
and most damaging of all, the prosecution has produced a surprise witness, one christine helm, whom the prisoner brought from the rubble of her homeland to the safety of this country, giving her his love and the protection of his name.
i objected to her testimony because a wife cannot give evidence harmful to her husband.
but it has been proven that her marriage to mr. vole was fraudulent and bigamous.
therefore, her evidence must be admitted and you must consider it.
have you, in fact, concluded your examination of the prisoner, sir wilfrid?
the prisoner has endured three days of profound mental agony and shock.
i am confident that no matter how searching this may be, the prisoner will withstand it.
at the time you made the acquaintance of mrs. french, were you employed?
lamentably, he had not been seen on the night of the murder but one week before.
on the afternoon of october 8, were you not in a travel agency in regent street?
well, the man gave me a funny look because i did look a bit shabby.
anyway, it irritated me, so i kept asking for the swankiest tours, all deluxe and cabin on the boat deck, but it was just an act!
that you left mrs. french's house at the time you say, that you came home at 5 and 20 minutes past 9, and that you did not go out again!
somebody must have seen me in the street or going in the house!
i'm at the buffet at euston station at the far end of the bar.
i'll be here for 30 minutes because that's when me train leaves.
if these letters get the boy off, it's £100 for me, right?
if these letters contain information useful to the defense, i'm prepared to offer £10.
mr. myers, if you are ready, let us have the final address for the prosecution.
my lord, members of the jury, i will be brief in my final speech because i think we've proved so obvious a case of murder against leonard vole, that a verdict of guilty must be the only possible conclusion.
i have anticipated this objection and can meet it with ample precedent.
there is the king vs stillman, reported in the criminal appeal reports of 1926 at page 463.
also, the king vs porter in volume one of the king's bench division reports, 1942 at page 153.
and lastly there is the case of the king vs sullivan in which this issue was raised, which i'm sure your lordship will remember, since you appeared for the prosecution.
"his only hope of an alibi depends on me and me alone."
"suppose i testify that he was not at home with me at the time of the murder, that he came home with blood on his sleeves, and that he even admitted to me that he'd killed her?"
"strange that he always said he would never let me leave him."
"but now, if this succeeds, he will be leaving me because they will take him away forever and i shall be free and yours, my beloved."
leonard stephen vole, you have been found not guilty of the murder of emily jane french on october 14.
you are hereby discharged and are free to leave the court.
"mr. vole." they didn't call me mr. when they charged me.
- i'll go with you, i have your hat and coat.
but i have a ladder in my last pair of nylons.
in case you are not familiar with our prison regulations, no silk stockings.
the idea that i should be a witness, not for my husband, but for the prosecution.
that i should swear leonard was guilty and that you should expose me as a liar because only then would they believe leonard was innocent.
i seriously considered strangling you with one of your own rubber tubes.
i would then have admitted the crime, retained myself for the defence.
my lord, members of the jury, i hereby enter a plea of justifiable homicide.
for four months this alleged ángel of mercy has pored, probed, punctured, pillaged and plundered my helpless body while tormenting my mind with a steady drip of baby talk.
simply press this button for up and this one for down.
carter, i warn you, if this contraption should collapse, if the barrister should fall off the bannister...
i saw in the paper that mrs french had been found dead with her head bashed in.
it also said the police were anxious to interview me since i visited that evening.
he thinks that he made a statement and that's the end of it.
isn't it obvious that you will be regarded as the principal suspect?
how would they have restored him to his normal life then?
mr vole, you must not take such a morbid point of view.
actually, it was a ridiculous sort of hat - a silly thing with ribbons and flowers.
i'm constantly surprised that women's hats do not provoke more murders.
if mr vole had been sponging off mrs french, why cut off the source of supply?
or, if he'd been hoping for a golden egg, why kill the goose before it was laid?
i have a warrant for your arrest on the charge of murdering emily french.
i must warn you that anything you say may be taken down and used in evidence.
give her a month's pay and kick her down the stairs.
either you take care of yourself or i, too, shall resign.
handle her gently, especially when you tell her of the arrest.
bear in mind she's a foreigner, so prepare for hysterics, even a fainting spell.
my dear mrs vole, in our courts we accept the evidence of witnesses who speak only bulgarian and who must have an interpreter.
we accept the evidence of deaf-mutes who cannot speak at all, as long as they tell the truth.
i will give him an alibi and i shall be very convincing.
there will be tears in my eyes when i say "leonard came home at 9.26 precisely."
the prosecution will break her down in no time when she's in the witness box.
this case is going to be rather like the charge of the light brigade or one of those japanese suicide pilots.
and it is your charge to say, having heard the evidence, whether he be guilty or not.
members of the jury, by the oath which you have just taken, you have sworn to try this case on the evidence.
i appear in this case with my learned friend, mr barton, for the prosecution.
and my learned friends sir wilfrid robarts and mr brogan-moore appear for the defence.
i trust we are not to be deprived of the learned and stimulating presence of sir wilfrid?
my lord, may i assure my learned friend that sir wilfrid is in the old bailey.
you will hear how the prisoner made the acquaintance of mrs emily french, a woman of 56.
how he was treated by her with kindness and even affection.
on the night of october 14 last, between 9.30 and 10, mrs french was murdered.
medical testimony will be introduced to prove that death was caused by a blow from a blunt and heavy instrument, and it is the case for the prosecution that the blow was dealt by the prisoner, leonard vole.
from the body temperature and other factors, we placed the time of death at between 9.30 and 10pm, approximately 30 minutes before janet mckenzie returned home and called us.
death was instantaneous, caused by one blow from a heavy and blunt instrument.
there was glass on the floor, and fragments were found outside.
the glass outside was not consistent with the window being forced from the outside.
let us not surmise, sir wilfrid, but confine ourselves to facts.
inspector, when you questioned the prisoner as to the stains on his jacket, did he not show you a recently-healed scar on his wrist,
i've no opinion of companions, poor feckless bodies, afraid of a bit of honest domestic work.
i meant you were on friendly terms, not altogether those of mistress and servant.
i stayed until 20 to 11, then i said good night and i come home.
i went into the sitting room to see if the mistress wanted anything before she went to bed.
i will not allow that question to be answered, mr myers.
miss mckenzie, were you aware that leonard vole was a married man?
were you aware of the arrangements mrs french made to dispose of her money?
she had her old will revoked and a new one drawn up.
it'll be a wicked injustice if he ever touches a penny of that money.
it is entirely understandable that you are antagonistic to the prisoner.
i swear by almighty god that the evidence i shall give shall be the truth, the whole truth and nothing but the truth.
my lord, i have the most serious objection to this witness being summoned, as she is the wife of the prisoner.
you stated to the police that on the night that mrs french was murdered,
leonard vole left the house at 7.30 and returned at 25 minutes past 9.
my lord is most gracious, but pray let the witness continue.
we are all of us caught up in the suspense of this horror fiction.
what he has asked me to do i have because i was grateful.
it was not because he was your husband and you loved him?
in this country we are inclined to take a rather more serious view of marriage.
however, it would appear that when you first met the prisoner in hamburg
the question is, frau helm, were you lying then, are you lying now?
or are you not, in fact, a chronic and habitual liar?
my lord, is my learned friend to be allowed to bully and insult the witness?
mr myers, this is a capital charge and, within the bounds of reason,
among the witnesses you have heard chief inspector hearne, who has given his testimony in a fair and impartial manner, as he always does.
he has put before you a clever theory of how this crime was committed.
whether it is theory or actual fact, however, you will decide for yourselves.
and then you have heard the evidence of janet mckenzie, a worthy and devoted housekeeper who has suffered two most grievous losses.
one, the death of her beloved mistress and, second, in being deprived of an inheritance of £80,000, which she'd fully expected to receive.
i will not comment further on her evidence, but will express only my deepest sympathy for her in both these... mishaps.
and most damaging of all, the prosecution has produced a surprise witness, one christine helm, whom the prisoner brought from the rubble of her homeland to the safety of this country, giving her his love and the protection of his name.
i objected to her testimony because a wife cannot give evidence harmful to her husband.
but it has been proven that her marriage to mr vole was fraudulent and bigamous.
therefore, her evidence must be admitted and you must consider it.
have you, in fact, concluded your examination of the prisoner, sir wilfrid?
the prisoner has endured three days of profound mental agony and shock.
i am confident that no matter how searching this may be, the prisoner will withstand it.
at the time you made the acquaintance of mrs french, were you employed?
lamentably, he had not been seen on the night of the murder but one week before.
on the afternoon of october 8, were you not in a travel agency in regent street?
well, the man gave me a funny look because i did look a bit shabby.
anyway, it irritated me, so i kept asking for the swankiest tours, all de luxe and cabin on the boat deck, but it was just an act!
that you left mrs french's house at the time you say, that you came home at 5 and 20 minutes past 9, and that you did not go out again!
somebody must have seen me in the street or going in the house!
i'm at the buffet at euston station at the far end of the bar.
i'll be here for 30 minutes because that's when me train leaves.
if these letters get the boy off, it's £100 for me, right?
if these letters contain information useful to the defence, i'm prepared to offer £10.
mr myers, if you are ready, let us have the final address for the prosecution.
my lord, members of the jury, i will be brief in my final speech because i think we've proved so obvious a case of murder against leonard vole, that a verdict of guilty must be the only possible conclusion.
i have anticipated this objection and can meet it with ample precedent.
there is the king vs stillman, reported in the criminal appeal reports of 1926 at page 463.
also, the king vs porter in volume one of the king's bench division reports, 1942 at page 153.
and lastly there is the case of the king vs sullivan in which this issue was raised, which i'm sure your lordship will remember, since you appeared for the prosecution.
now, mrs helm, you've been kind enough to identify your letter paper.
now, if you like, i can have an expert identify your handwriting.
"leonard is suspected of murdering the old lady i told you about."
"his only hope of an alibi depends on me and me alone."
"suppose i testify that he was not at home with me at the time of the murder, that he came home with blood on his sleeves, and that he even admitted to me that he'd killed her?"
"strange that he always said he would never let me leave him."
you are hereby discharged and are free to leave the court.
persons with anything more to do before the queen's justices of oyer and terminer and jail delivery for the jurisdiction of the central criminal court may depart the area.
i don't mind being called names or pushed around or even kicked in the shin.
but i have a ladder in my last pair of nylons.
the luggage is in the car and we've only 20 minutes to catch the boat train.
this is a nice young lady i met during the trial.
leonard, is this the girl who was with you in the travel bureau?
the girl you said you hardly knew, didn't even know her name?
i seriously considered strangling you with one of your own rubber tubes.
i would then have admitted the crime, retained myself for the defence.
my lord, members of the jury, i hereby enter a plea of justifiable homicide.
for four months this alleged angel of mercy has pored, probed, punctured, pillaged and plundered my helpless body while tormenting my mind with a steady drip of baby talk.
simply press this button for up and this one for down.
carter, i warn you, if this contraption should collapse, if the barrister should fall off the bannister...
i saw in the paper that mrs french had been found dead with her head bashed in.
it also said the police were anxious to interview me since i visited that evening.
he thinks that he made a statement and that's the end of it.
isn't it obvious that you will be regarded as the principal suspect?
how would they have restored him to his normal life then?
mr vole, you must not take such a morbid point of view.
i have a warrant for your arrest on the charge of murdering emily french.
i must warn you that anything you say may be taken down and used in evidence.
give her a month's pay and kick her down the stairs.
either you take care of yourself or i, too, shall resign.
handle her gently, especially when you tell her of the arrest.
bear in mind she's a foreigner, so prepare for hysterics, even a fainting spell.
my dear mrs vole, in our courts we accept the evidence of witnesses who speak only bulgarian and who must have an interpreter.
we accept the evidence of deaf-mutes who cannot speak at all, as long as they tell the truth.
i will give him an alibi and i shall be very convincing.
there will be tears in my eyes when i say "leonard came home at 9.26 precisely."
the prosecution will break her down in no time when she's in the witness box.
this case is going to be rather like the charge of the light brigade or one of those japanese suicide pilots.
and it is your charge to say, having heard the evidence, whether he be guilty or not.
members of the jury, by the oath which you have just taken, you have sworn to try this case on the evidence.
i appear in this case with my learned friend, mr barton, for the prosecution.
and my learned friends sir wilfrid robarts and mr brogan-moore appear for the defence.
i trust we are not to be deprived of the learned and stimulating presence of sir wilfrid?
my lord, may i assure my learned friend that sir wilfrid is in the old bailey.
you will hear how the prisoner made the acquaintance of mrs emily french, a woman of 56.
how he was treated by her with kindness and even affection.
on the night of october 14 last, between 9.30 and 10, mrs french was murdered.
medical testimony will be introduced to prove that death was caused by a blow from a blunt and heavy instrument, and it is the case for the prosecution that the blow was dealt by the prisoner, leonard vole.
inspector, is it your opinion that the assailant, whether he, she or it, had taken mrs french by surprise?
my lord, i am taken by surprise that my learned friend should try to solicit from the witness an opinion, not a fact.
after establishing the cause and the time of death, what did you then do?
a search was made, photographs were taken and the premises fingerprinted.
things were strewn about and the window had been broken near the catch.
there was glass on the floor, and fragments were found outside.
the glass outside was not consistent with the window being forced from the outside.
you're saying that someone made it look as if it had been forced from the outside?
can't we surmise the burglar might have entered a presumably empty house, suddenly encountered mrs french and struck her, then, realising she was dead, fled without taking anything?
i submit, my lord, that it is entirely impossible to guess what went on in the mind of some entirely imaginary burglar.
i've no opinion of companions, poor feckless bodies, afraid of a bit of honest domestic work.
i meant you were on friendly terms, not altogether those of mistress and servant.
a life of the baroness burdett-coutts, and the one about disraeli and his wife.
both of them about women that married men years younger than themselves.
whereas in the new will, except for a bequest to you of a small annuity, the principal beneficiary is the prisoner, leonard vole.
it'll be a wicked injustice if he ever touches a penny of that money.
six months ago i applied for my hearing aid, and i'm still waiting for it.
my dear miss mckenzie, considering the rubbish that is being talked nowadays, you are missing very little.
i swear by almighty god that the evidence i shall give shall be the truth, the whole truth and nothing but the truth.
my lord, i have the most serious objection to this witness being summoned, as she is the wife of the prisoner.
you stated to the police that on the night that mrs french was murdered,
leonard vole left the house at 7.30 and returned at 25 minutes past 9.
if the defence so desires, i will adjourn for a short time so that the prisoner may gain control of himself.
my lord is most gracious, but pray let the witness continue.
that woman, she was a harmless old fool, and he makes of me an accomplice to the murder.
i cannot come into court and swear that he was with me at the time it was done.
my lord, may i also remind my learned friend that his witness, by her own admission, has already violated so many oaths that i am surprised the testament did not leap from her hand when she was sworn here today.
i doubt if anything is to be gained by questioning you any further.
among the witnesses you have heard chief inspector hearne, who has given his testimony in a fair and impartial manner, as he always does.
he has put before you a clever theory of how this crime was committed.
whether it is theory or actual fact, however, you will decide for yourselves.
and then you have heard the evidence of janet mckenzie, a worthy and devoted housekeeper who has suffered two most grievous losses.
one, the death of her beloved mistress and, second, in being deprived of an inheritance of £80,000, which she'd fully expected to receive.
i will not comment further on her evidence, but will express only my deepest sympathy for her in both these... mishaps.
and most damaging of all, the prosecution has produced a surprise witness, one christine helm, whom the prisoner brought from the rubble of her homeland to the safety of this country, giving her his love and the protection of his name.
i objected to her testimony because a wife cannot give evidence harmful to her husband.
but it has been proven that her marriage to mr vole was fraudulent and bigamous.
therefore, her evidence must be admitted and you must consider it.
the prisoner has endured three days of profound mental agony and shock.
the defence feels his faculties should be spared for the cross-examination by my learned friend for the prosecution.
however, the defence will be pleased to learn that, at the last moment, a witness has come forward, and that the prisoner had been seen wearing this coat and this hat.
lamentably, he had not been seen on the night of the murder but one week before.
on the afternoon of october 8, were you not in a travel agency in regent street?
and did you not make inquiries about prices and schedules of foreign cruises?
we went in for fun and i started asking for folders.
well, the man gave me a funny look because i did look a bit shabby.
and the fact, mr vole, is that we've only your word for it.
that you left mrs french's house at the time you say, that you came home at 5 and 20 minutes past 9, and that you did not go out again!
if i can't stand up to make my final appeal for him, i'll make it sitting down.
if i become short of breath i'll take a pill, or two pills, or all of them and the box too.
i'm at the buffet at euston station at the far end of the bar.
i'll be here for 30 minutes because that's when me train leaves.
well, as i say, i don't expect you to buy without seeing, but fair's fair.
if these letters get the boy off, it's £100 for me, right?
mr myers, if you are ready, let us have the final address for the prosecution.
my lord, members of the jury, i will be brief in my final speech because i think we've proved so obvious a case of murder against leonard vole, that a verdict of guilty must be the only possible conclusion.
there is the king vs stillman, reported in the criminal appeal reports of 1926 at page 463.
also, the king vs porter in volume one of the king's bench division reports, 1942 at page 153.
now, mrs helm, you've been kind enough to identify your letter paper.
now, if you like, i can have an expert identify your handwriting.
"his only hope of an alibi depends on me and me alone."
"suppose i testify that he was not at home with me at the time of the murder, that he came home with blood on his sleeves, and that he even admitted to me that he'd killed her?"
"strange that he always said he would never let me leave him."
"but now, if this succeeds, he will be leaving me because they will take him away forever and i shall be free and yours, my beloved."
leonard stephen vole, you have been found not guilty of the murder of emily jane french on october 14.
you are hereby discharged and are free to leave the court.
"mr vole." they didn't call me mr when they charged me.
- i'll go with you, i have your hat and coat.
i don't mind being called names or pushed around or even kicked in the shin.
but i have a ladder in my last pair of nylons.
the luggage is in the car and we've only 20 minutes to catch the boat train.
this is a nice young lady i met during the trial.
leonard, is this the girl who was with you in the travel bureau?
the girl you said you hardly knew, didn't even know her name?
i would then have admitted the crime, retained myself for the defence.
my lord, members of the jury, i hereby enter a plea of justifiable homicide.
mr vole, you must not take such a morbid point of view.
it's just when you say these things are closing in on me, it's like a nightmare.
- i suppose you think i'm a bit of a drifter.
it's true, in a way, but i'm really not like that.
i'm in no condition to cope with emotional wives drenched in tears.
miss plimsoll, how alluring you look, waiting like a hangman on the scaffold.
bear in mind she's a foreigner, so prepare for hysterics, even a fainting spell.
better have smelling salts ready, box of tissues and a nip of brandy.
we accept the evidence of deaf-mutes who cannot speak at all, as long as they tell the truth.
you're aware that when you're in the witness box you will be sworn
i want to read a portion of the evidence of janet mckenzie, the housekeeper.
"mr vole helped mrs french with her business affairs, particularly her income tax returns. "
and it is your charge to say, having heard the evidence, whether he be guilty or not.
members of the jury, by the oath which you have just taken, you have sworn to try this case on the evidence.
i appear in this case with my learned friend, mr barton, for the prosecution.
and my learned friends sir wilfrid robarts and mr brogan-moore appear for the defence.
i trust we are not to be deprived of the learned and stimulating presence of sir wilfrid?
my lord, may i assure my learned friend that sir wilfrid is in the old bailey.
you will hear how the prisoner made the acquaintance of mrs emily french, a woman of 56.
how he was treated by her with kindness and even affection.
on the night of october 14 last, between 9.30 and 10, mrs french was murdered.
medical testimony will be introduced to prove that death was caused by a blow from a blunt and heavy instrument, and it is the case for the prosecution that the blow was dealt by the prisoner, leonard vole.
from the body temperature and other factors, we placed the time of death at between 9.30 and 10pm, approximately 30 minutes before janet mckenzie returned home and called us.
death was instantaneous, caused by one blow from a heavy and blunt instrument.
there was glass on the floor, and fragments were found outside.
the glass outside was not consistent with the window being forced from the outside.
let us not surmise, sir wilfrid, but confine ourselves to facts.
inspector, when you questioned the prisoner as to the stains on his jacket, did he not show you a recently-healed scar on his wrist,
i've no opinion of companions, poor feckless bodies, afraid of a bit of honest domestic work.
i meant you were on friendly terms, not altogether those of mistress and servant.
i stayed until 20 to 11, then i said good night and i come home.
i went into the sitting room to see if the mistress wanted anything before she went to bed.
i will not allow that question to be answered, mr myers.
miss mckenzie, were you aware that leonard vole was a married man?
were you aware of the arrangements mrs french made to dispose of her money?
she had her old will revoked and a new one drawn up.
it'll be a wicked injustice if he ever touches a penny of that money.
it is entirely understandable that you are antagonistic to the prisoner.
i swear by almighty god that the evidence i shall give shall be the truth, the whole truth and nothing but the truth.
my lord, i have the most serious objection to this witness being summoned, as she is the wife of the prisoner.
you stated to the police that on the night that mrs french was murdered,
leonard vole left the house at 7.30 and returned at 25 minutes past 9.
my lord is most gracious, but pray let the witness continue.
we are all of us caught up in the suspense of this horror fiction.
what he has asked me to do i have because i was grateful.
it was not because he was your husband and you loved him?
in this country we are inclined to take a rather more serious view of marriage.
however, it would appear that when you first met the prisoner in hamburg
the question is, frau helm, were you lying then, are you lying now?
or are you not, in fact, a chronic and habitual liar?
my lord, is my learned friend to be allowed to bully and insult the witness?
mr myers, this is a capital charge and, within the bounds of reason,
among the witnesses you have heard chief inspector hearne, who has given his testimony in a fair and impartial manner, as he always does.
he has put before you a clever theory of how this crime was committed.
whether it is theory or actual fact, however, you will decide for yourselves.
and then you have heard the evidence of janet mckenzie, a worthy and devoted housekeeper who has suffered two most grievous losses.
one, the death of her beloved mistress and, second, in being deprived of an inheritance of $80,000, which she'd fully expected to receive.
i will not comment further on her evidence, but will express only my deepest sympathy for her in both these... mishaps.
and most damaging of all, the prosecution has produced a surprise witness, one christine helm, whom the prisoner brought from the rubble of her homeland to the safety of this country, giving her his love and the protection of his name.
i objected to her testimony because a wife cannot give evidence harmful to her husband.
but it has been proven that her marriage to mr vole was fraudulent and bigamous.
therefore, her evidence must be admitted and you must consider it.
have you, in fact, concluded your examination of the prisoner, sir wilfrid?
the prisoner has endured three days of profound mental agony and shock.
i am confident that no matter how searching this may be, the prisoner will withstand it.
at the time you made the acquaintance of mrs french, were you employed?
lamentably, he had not been seen on the night of the murder but one week before.
on the afternoon of october 8, were you not in a travel agency in regent street?
well, the man gave me a funny look because i did look a bit shabby.
anyway, it irritated me, so i kept asking for the swankiest tours, all de luxe and cabin on the boat deck, but it was just an act!
that you left mrs french's house at the time you say, that you came home at 5 and 20 minutes past 9, and that you did not go out again!
somebody must have seen me in the street or going in the house!
i'm at the buffet at euston station at the far end of the bar.
i'll be here for 30 minutes because that's when me train leaves.
if these letters get the boy off, it's $100 for me, right?
if these letters contain information useful to the defence, i'm prepared to offer $10.
mr myers, if you are ready, let us have the final address for the prosecution.
my lord, members of the jury, i will be brief in my final speech because i think we've proved so obvious a case of murder against leonard vole, that a verdict of guilty must be the only possible conclusion.
i have anticipated this objection and can meet it with ample precedent.
there is the king vs stillman, reported in the criminal appeal reports of 1926 at page 463.
also, the king vs porter in volume one of the king's bench division reports, 1942 at page 153.
and lastly there is the case of the king vs sullivan in which this issue was raised, which i'm sure your lordship will remember, since you appeared for the prosecution.
now, mrs helm, you've been kind enough to identify your letter paper.
now, if you like, i can have an expert identify your handwriting.
"leonard is suspected of murdering the old lady i told you about. "
"his only hope of an alibi depends on me and me alone. "
"suppose i testify that he was not at home with me at the time of the murder, that he came home with blood on his sleeves, and that he even admitted to me that he'd killed her?"
"strange that he always said he would never let me leave him. "
you are hereby discharged and are free to leave the court.
persons with anything more to do before the queen's justices of oyer and terminer and jail delivery for the jurisdiction of the central criminal court may depart the area.
i don't mind being called names or pushed around or even kicked in the shin.
but i have a ladder in my last pair of nylons.
the luggage is in the car and we've only 20 minutes to catch the boat train.
this is a nice young lady i met during the trial.
leonard, is this the girl who was with you in the travel bureau?
the girl you said you hardly knew, didn't even know her name?
it wished a little of sun for our return to house.
i always say that it is worth the trouble the fog to only appreciate plus the sun.
more sentimentality this way and i can right away go me to the hospital!
it is not very probable, they would not accept to him.
we are in 1952 and it was in october of 1915... the murder of the shepherd bush.
accused chemistry to put cyanide in the toothpaste of its uncle.
they have prevailed to me of everything: alcohol, tobacco, feminine company...
if they at least let to me work in that it is worth the trouble!
quíteme the hands of above, or i will strike it with my cane.
it would never do that, it could break its pure ones.
i am being satiated with this plot to invalidar to me.
to my it seems to me that it is a splendid idea.
single he must push this button in order to raise and this one to lower.
carter, i notice it, if this device falls... if the lawyer falls of the banister rails...
i feel to have called does not stop to request appointment, but this is urgent.
if it is on a case, mr. mayhew, i feel it but we are to top.
another day comes, when it has something not too stimulating... like a wasted mailman by a street dog.
good, hopefully it could help us, sir wilfrid, but i understand it.
good, if it is not fault of anybody, i suppose that it will be fault mine.
to me it seems to me a triviality, but mayhew thinks that he is very urgent.
she was a mature, quite rich widow, that it lived with a master in hamstead.
mr. vole was with her to first time of the night.
i read in the newspaper that found to mrs. french... with a blow in the head.
also i read that the police it wanted to interrogate to me... since it had visited mrs..
think that it has made a declaration and there everything finishes.
it is not evident, mr. vole, that it will be considered... like main and the logical one suspect of this case?
i feel it, but when it says that they watch all those things to me... it is like a nightmare.
relájese, vole, i put to him in hands of the best one and more experimented... lawyer of london.
this morning did not have any lawyer and suddenly, i have three.
perhaps we would have to explain a to him sir wilfrid that i have little money.
i suppose that it thinks that i walk a little to the drift.
well, in certain way it is truth, but in fact i do not like.
also she is a wife wonderful for me... but i am afraid that i have not been too good for her.
of a way or another one, i am not able of to stabilize to me since i returned to the country.
but the truth is that the best one it is the "bat-eggs".
it not only beats the eggs, but that also it separates the yolk of the clear one.
the only thing that knew was that it seemed to be very single and without friends.
she and their husband lived many years in the british nigeria.
well, finally they eliminated to jesse james... and, after leaving the cinema, he invited me to his house to take a tea.
i believe that it is the thing more fascinating that i have seen!
if it desires ponche to him, there is a wasted egg in the ready and separated kitchen.
siéntese and does not do case to him to janet, mr. vole.
he was there because he knew that she would be single?
no, i was because i thought that it could feel single!
it means that people will think that christine would lie by me?
he is known, mr. vole, the blood it can but that the evidence.
then if mr. vole "sableaba" to mrs. french why to kill his source of income?
or, if it waited for a gold egg why to kill the hen before putting it?
i already create it. 80.000 pounds are a quite attractive moving body.
it thought that they were crazy, but, now they will stop to me, no?
and if nothing knew, how it could be a moving body?
surely that mr. brogan-moore he will adduce that in the court.
kings, prime minister, archbishops, even lawyers they have been in the bench.
it will be better than somebody calls to my woman and says to him where they take to me.
consider that is foreign so it prepárese for hysterias and even faints.
better it has lists the salts, a box of handkerchiefs and a brandy drink.
i believe that the government would have to do something with the foreign spouses like an embargo.
how we are going to do position to us of our excesses?
evidently, mrs. french arrived to see its husband like a a son or perhaps, its favourite nephew.
you think that mrs. french he saw leonard how a son or a nephew?
leonard arrived exactly at house to 21:26 and he did not return to leave.
the truth, all the truth and nothing else that the truth.
but one married and he gave him security in this country.
it does not think that it would have to him to be very been thankful?
the load of the light cavalry or one of those pilots suicidal japanese.
we of a side and all the probabilities in the other.
i want to read part to him of the declaration of janet mackenzie, the master.
"mr. vole helped mrs. french with its subjects of businesses in individual, with the declaration of the rents."
he is very peculiar the first time that i saw, me key the ceiling raises.
he was destined in the outskirts of hamburg in a maintenance unit.
i installed one showers in an official dependency and they gave me happens of weekend.
we go, únete to the celebration it takes a good glass from rum!
you never think about morning because it can that tomorrow it never arrives.
when encounter a happy place it is there where i am wanted to be.
i have kisses and kisses in abundance that has been proven never.
if you treat to me well, it is could be the night.
members of the jury the prisoner is accused of to assassinate day 14 of october to emily jane french.
of it is accusation, he he has declared innocent and it is his assignment to say having heard the declarations if he is guilty or no.
members of the jury by the oath that they finish to them taking they have promised to judge this case according to the evidences.
they will separate from his minds everything excepting what has place in this court.
members of the jury i appear in this case with my distinguished colleague mr. barton, by the accusation and my distinguished sir colleagues wilfrid robarts and mr. brogan-moore that appears by the defense.
i trust that no we are ourselves private of the stimulating scholar and presence of sir wilfrid.
señoría, i assure distinguished my to him colleague of the accusation that sir wilfrid is in the "old bailey" slightly disabled person but he will come.
señoría, i can express my grief because sir wilfrid it is seen at least slightly incapacitated?
the 14 of october, between the 21:30 and the 22:00 mrs. french was assassinated.
medical testimony will appear that it will prove that the death was caused by a blow with an object blunt and forceful and the accusation asserts... that the blow was given to him by the defendant, leonard vole.
between the witnesses they will hear declarations of the police the one of the master of mrs. french, janet mackenzie the one of the doctors and laboratory experts and the declaration of the lawyer of the assassinated woman who wrote up his final testament.
i call to the inspecting hearne head of the department of investigation criminal of the new scotland yard.
plimsoll it will interest to him to know that i descend of a family of soldiers that interlaces its brave last one with ricardo corazo'n of leon.
it must put an injection of daily calcium and to take a tranquilizer hourly.
the crystal of outside was not equal to the one of the window forced from the outside.
what it is saying is that somebody tried that it seemed that the window had been forced from the outside it is not thus?
it is the found jacket in the floor of the defendant.
i sent it to the laboratory to analyze possible spots of blood.
inspector he says that the found tracks they were of mrs. french...
according to its experience, when a thief enters a house, usually he leaves tracks or he uses gloves?
i do not think on the ladies of irresponsible company, poor men afraid to do the honest one domestic work.
what that said is you they maintained a relation friendly not normal it between lady and maid.
i was there until the 22:40 i gave them good night and i went to house.
i entered the room to see if the lady it wanted something... before going to the bed and she was, dead there and everything scattered here and there.
one was the life of baroness burdett couts and another one on disraeli and its wife.
both on women who had themselves married with young men but.
it would be an injustice if sometimes he touched a penny of that money!
he is totally understandable that you to the defendant be hostile.
without a doubt it was in a hurry to take pattern, so, would happen quickly in front of the door.
even so he assures that he heard the voice of vole?
it is not possible that that night when it happened next to the door what heard in fact it was the television and the voices and laughter of man and a woman?
that night they put in television one "lap of lover" builds call.
helm it is is the certificate of his marriage with otto ludwig helm?
the ceremony took place in wroclaw the 18 of april of 1942?
if the defense wishes it i will do brief receso so that the defendant calms.
señoría, very amiable, but him request that it lets continue to the witness.
we are all catched in suspense of this history of terror.
to have to oir it by deliveries he would be unbearable.
helm, when the defendant it said: "i have killed it", knew you to whom she talked about?
to the woman to whom there was been seeing so often.
i said to him to the police which he wanted because it was been thankful to him.
one married with me and it brought to me to this country.
in this country we tend to have one more serious vision of the marriage.
nevertheless, frau helm, apparently when it knew the criminal in hamburg it lay to him on his civil state.
between the witnesses they have heard to the inspecting hearne head that it has testified of a way right and impartial since it always does in these cases.
it has developed and exposed a wise person theory of how the crime was committed.
nevertheless, if it is theory or fact certain, you will decide.
later they have heard the declaration of janet mackenzie respectable and a devotee master who she has suffered two laborious losses.
the accusation has presented/displayed one witness surprise, christine helm with who married the defendant and to who brought, of the rubbish to the security of this country, giving him its love and the protection of its name.
i was against its testimony because a wife cannot declare " in against "of its husband, but she has proven herself that its marriage with leonard vole was fraudulent and bigamist.
nevertheless, only a witness he can bring new light to this tragic riddle the own defendant.
right of perpetual ownership by god all powerful that the declaration that does will be the truth, all the truth and nothing else that the truth.
nevertheless, to the defense it will please to know to him that in the last moment she has appeared a witness and that the defendant had been seen with this raincoat and this hat.
lamentably, he had not been seen the night of the murder but, exactly, one week before.
afternoon of the 8 of october, it was or not in a travel agency?
and, it asked or not on prices and schedules of cruises to the foreigner?
if it does not know it perhaps it can help him!
the morning of that same day, according to mr. stokes it heard mrs. french change his testament leaving him the money.
the man threw a rare glance to me, because a little untidy went.
that got upset, and i continued asking to me by the most expensive trips all luxury, a stateroom in the cover bridge, but was an interpretation.
i never thought about killing nobody nor to inherit money some!
it was chance that they assassinated to mrs. french one week later?
french to the hour that said from which it arrived at house to 21:25 and from which it did not return to leave!
but somebody must have seen to me in the street, or entering house!
them taste leonard vole but to him they did not believe to him.
and the subject of the travel agency it did not help either much.
i will be 30 minutes here, because it is when it leaves my train.
if it wants to put itself to as much on that german, comes here.
to the poor type it has been paid to him well and these letters prove it!
if we saw those letters, we could to say to him if they are pertinent.
yes these letters loosen to the boy, are 100 pounds for me, in agreement?
if these letters contain useful information for the defense i am arranged to offer 10 pounds to him.
she was everything of her, separating it from me and returning it in me against!
but i have hoped at that it arrived the moment of the revenge and it has arrived now.
since the defense has only called to a witness, the defendant he has right to being heard of last.
therefore, yes he is prepared, we hear the final plea of the accusation.
the defense requests that it is reopened the case and that is called to a witness.
señoría, i must object to that the case one reopens in this final part!
last night tests arrived to me of the amazing nature but!
señoría, the proposal of my colleague it does not have precedent.
i have myself advance to the objection of my colleague and i bring ample precedents.
first it is the case of rey against stillman reflected in information of criminal appeals of 1926, page 463.
before answering, mrs. helm, i notice that the law to him concerning the perjury in this country she is very severe.
if it has already committed perjury in this room i recommend to him encarecidamente that it does not aggravate its crime but that letter you did not write, this it is the moment for affirming it.
the positions hereby retire and he is free to leave the room.
those that have something to do before the judges of queen de oyer and terminer and deliveries for the jurisdiction of the central criminal court...
it does not matter to me that they insult to me, or me push, or they give me in the shinbone but now i have a race in my last averages.
in case it is not to as much of ours regulations of prisons nothing of silk averages.
it does not matter to me, leonard, with so from which we return to be together!
you do not know what i have happened in estrado having mirarte and and to say that it had never loved to you.
that brogan-moore goes to the writing desk and that also goes mayhew.
we are going to represent the defense in the judgment of christine vole.
i seriously considered strangling you with one of your own rubber tubes.
i would then have admitted the crime, retained myself for the defence.
my lord, members of the jury, i hereby enter a plea of justifiable homicide.
for four months this alleged angel of mercy has pored, probed, punctured, pillaged and plundered my helpless body while tormenting my mind with a steady drip of baby talk.
simply press this button for up and this one for down.
carter, i warn you, if this contraption should collapse, if the barrister should fall off the bannister...
i saw in the paper that mrs french had been found dead with her head bashed in.
it also said the police were anxious to interview me since i visited that evening.
he thinks that he made a statement and that's the end of it.
isn't it obvious that you will be regarded as the principal suspect?
how would they have restored him to his normal life then?
mr vole, you must not take such a morbid point of view.
i have a warrant for your arrest on the charge of murdering emily french.
i must warn you that anything you say may be taken down and used in evidence.
give her a month's pay and kick her down the stairs.
either you take care of yourself or i, too, shall resign.
handle her gently, especially when you tell her of the arrest.
bear in mind she's a foreigner, so prepare for hysterics, even a fainting spell.
my dear mrs vole, in our courts we accept the evidence of witnesses who speak only bulgarian and who must have an interpreter.
we accept the evidence of deaf-mutes who cannot speak at all, as long as they tell the truth.
i will give him an alibi and i shall be very convincing.
there will be tears in my eyes when i say "leonard came home at 9.26 precisely."
the prosecution will break her down in no time when she's in the witness box.
this case is going to be rather like the charge of the light brigade or one of those japanese suicide pilots.
members of the jury, by the oath which you have just taken, you have sworn to try this case on the evidence.
you must shut out from your minds everything except what will take place in this court.
and my learned friends sir wilfrid robarts and mr brogan-moore appear for the defence.
i trust we are not to be deprived of the learned and stimulating presence of sir wilfrid?
the facts in this case are simple and, to a point, not in dispute.
you will hear how the prisoner made the acquaintance of mrs emily french, a woman of 56.
how he was treated by her with kindness and even affection.
on the night of october 14 last, between 9.30 and 10, mrs french was murdered.
from the body temperature and other factors, we placed the time of death at between 9.30 and 10pm, approximately 30 minutes before janet mckenzie returned home and called us.
death was instantaneous, caused by one blow from a heavy and blunt instrument.
there was glass on the floor, and fragments were found outside.
the glass outside was not consistent with the window being forced from the outside.
let us not surmise, sir wilfrid, but confine ourselves to facts.
inspector, when you questioned the prisoner as to the stains on his jacket, did he not show you a recently-healed scar on his wrist,
well, when i got to my niece's, i found i'd left the pattern behind.
so after supper i slipped back to get it as it was no distance.
i stayed until 20 to 11, then i said good night and i come home.
i went into the sitting room to see if the mistress wanted anything before she went to bed.
i will not allow that question to be answered, mr myers.
miss mckenzie, were you aware that leonard vole was a married man?
were you aware of the arrangements mrs french made to dispose of her money?
she had her old will revoked and a new one drawn up.
it'll be a wicked injustice if he ever touches a penny of that money.
it is entirely understandable that you are antagonistic to the prisoner.
wasn't it possible when you returned home and passed the door, what you really heard was the television and a man and woman's voices and laughter?
there was a play called lover's leap on the television that night.
my lord, i have the most serious objection to this witness being summoned, as she is the wife of the prisoner.
i call my learned friend's attention to the fact that i summoned not mrs vole, but mrs helm.
i don't see any reason why this witness should not be qualified to give evidence.
you're willing to give evidence against the man you've been calling your husband?
my lord is most gracious, but pray let the witness continue.
we are all of us caught up in the suspense of this horror fiction.
what he has asked me to do i have because i was grateful.
it was not because he was your husband and you loved him?
in this country we are inclined to take a rather more serious view of marriage.
however, it would appear that when you first met the prisoner in hamburg
the question is, frau helm, were you lying then, are you lying now?
or are you not, in fact, a chronic and habitual liar?
my lord, is my learned friend to be allowed to bully and insult the witness?
mr myers, this is a capital charge and, within the bounds of reason,
my lord, members of the jury, the prosecution has very ably presented against the prisoner, leonard vole, a case with the most overwhelming circumstantial evidence.
among the witnesses you have heard chief inspector hearne, who has given his testimony in a fair and impartial manner, as he always does.
he has put before you a clever theory of how this crime was committed.
whether it is theory or actual fact, however, you will decide for yourselves.
and then you have heard the evidence of janet mckenzie, a worthy and devoted housekeeper who has suffered two most grievous losses.
one, the death of her beloved mistress and, second, in being deprived of an inheritance of?
and most damaging of all, the prosecution has produced a surprise witness, one christine helm, whom the prisoner brought from the rubble of her homeland to the safety of this country, giving her his love and the protection of his name.
i objected to her testimony because a wife cannot give evidence harmful to her husband.
but it has been proven that her marriage to mr vole was fraudulent and bigamous.
therefore, her evidence must be admitted and you must consider it.
the prisoner has endured three days of profound mental agony and shock.
the defence feels his faculties should be spared for the cross-examination by my learned friend for the prosecution.
lamentably, he had not been seen on the night of the murder but one week before.
on the afternoon of october 8, were you not in a travel agency in regent street?
well, the man gave me a funny look because i did look a bit shabby.
anyway, it irritated me, so i kept asking for the swankiest tours, all de luxe and cabin on the boat deck, but it was just an act!
and the fact, mr vole, is that we've only your word for it.
that you left mrs french's house at the time you say, that you came home at 5 and 20 minutes past 9, and that you did not go out again!
if i can't stand up to make my final appeal for him, i'll make it sitting down.
if i become short of breath i'll take a pill, or two pills, or all of them and the box too.
i'm at the buffet at euston station at the far end of the bar.
i'll be here for 30 minutes because that's when me train leaves.
since the defence has called but one witness, the prisoner, it has the right to be heard last.
mr myers, if you are ready, let us have the final address for the prosecution.
i have anticipated this objection and can meet it with ample precedent.
there is the king vs stillman, reported in the criminal appeal reports of 1926 at page 463.
also, the king vs porter in volume one of the king's bench division reports, 1942 at page 153.
and lastly there is the case of the king vs sullivan in which this issue was raised, which i'm sure your lordship will remember, since you appeared for the prosecution.
"leonard is suspected of murdering the old lady i told you about."
"his only hope of an alibi depends on me and me alone."
"suppose i testify that he was not at home with me at the time of the murder, that he came home with blood on his sleeves, and that he even admitted to me that he'd killed her?"
"strange that he always said he would never let me leave him."
you are hereby discharged and are free to leave the court.
persons with anything more to do before the queen's justices of oyer and terminer and jail delivery for the jurisdiction of the central criminal court may depart the area.
but i have a ladder in my last pair of nylons.
in case you are not familiar with our prison regulations, no silk stockings.
the idea that i should be a witness, not for my husband, but for the prosecution.
that i should swear leonard was guilty and that you should expose me as a liar because only then would they believe leonard was innocent.
the luggage is in the car and we've only 20 minutes to catch the boat train.
this is a nice young lady i met during the trial.
leonard, is this the girl who was with you in the travel bureau?
the girl you said you hardly knew, didn't even know her name?
i seriously considered strangling you with one of your own rubber tubes.
i would then have admitted the crime, retained myself for the defence.
my lord, members of the jury, i hereby enter a plea of justifiable homicide.
for four months this alleged angel of mercy has pored, probed, punctured, pillaged and plundered my helpless body while tormenting my mind with a steady drip of baby talk.
simply press this button for up and this one for down.
carter, i warn you, if this contraption should collapse, if the barrister should fall off the bannister...
i saw in the paper that mrs french had been found dead with her head bashed in.
it also said the police were anxious to interview me since i visited that evening.
he thinks that he made a statement and that's the end of it.
isn't it obvious that you will be regarded as the principal suspect?
how would they have restored him to his normal life then?
mr vole, you must not take such a morbid point of view.
i have a warrant for your arrest on the charge of murdering emily french.
i must warn you that anything you say may be taken down and used in evidence.
give her a month's pay and kick her down the stairs.
either you take care of yourself or i, too, shall resign.
handle her gently, especially when you tell her of the arrest.
bear in mind she's a foreigner, so prepare for hysterics, even a fainting spell.
my dear mrs vole, in our courts we accept the evidence of witnesses who speak only bulgarian and who must have an interpreter.
we accept the evidence of deaf-mutes who cannot speak at all, as long as they tell the truth.
i will give him an alibi and i shall be very convincing.
there will be tears in my eyes when i say "leonard came home at 9.26 precisely."
the prosecution will break her down in no time when she's in the witness box.
this case is going to be rather like the charge of the light brigade or one of those japanese suicide pilots.
members of the jury, by the oath which you have just taken, you have sworn to try this case on the evidence.
you must shut out from your minds everything except what will take place in this court.
and my learned friends sir wilfrid robarts and mr brogan-moore appear for the defence.
i trust we are not to be deprived of the learned and stimulating presence of sir wilfrid?
the facts in this case are simple and, to a point, not in dispute.
you will hear how the prisoner made the acquaintance of mrs emily french, a woman of 56.
how he was treated by her with kindness and even affection.
on the night of october 14 last, between 9.30 and 10, mrs french was murdered.
from the body temperature and other factors, we placed the time of death at between 9.30 and 10pm, approximately 30 minutes before janet mckenzie returned home and called us.
death was instantaneous, caused by one blow from a heavy and blunt instrument.
there was glass on the floor, and fragments were found outside.
the glass outside was not consistent with the window being forced from the outside.
let us not surmise, sir wilfrid, but confine ourselves to facts.
inspector, when you questioned the prisoner as to the stains on his jacket, did he not show you a recently-healed scar on his wrist,
well, when i got to my niece's, i found i'd left the pattern behind.
so after supper i slipped back to get it as it was no distance.
i stayed until 20 to 11, then i said good night and i come home.
i went into the sitting room to see if the mistress wanted anything before she went to bed.
i will not allow that question to be answered, mr myers.
miss mckenzie, were you aware that leonard vole was a married man?
were you aware of the arrangements mrs french made to dispose of her money?
she had her old will revoked and a new one drawn up.
it'll be a wicked injustice if he ever touches a penny of that money.
it is entirely understandable that you are antagonistic to the prisoner.
wasn't it possible when you returned home and passed the door, what you really heard was the television and a man and woman's voices and laughter?
there was a play called lover's leap on the television that night.
my lord, i have the most serious objection to this witness being summoned, as she is the wife of the prisoner.
i call my learned friend's attention to the fact that i summoned not mrs vole, but mrs helm.
i don't see any reason why this witness should not be qualified to give evidence.
you're willing to give evidence against the man you've been calling your husband?
my lord is most gracious, but pray let the witness continue.
we are all of us caught up in the suspense of this horror fiction.
what he has asked me to do i have because i was grateful.
it was not because he was your husband and you loved him?
in this country we are inclined to take a rather more serious view of marriage.
however, it would appear that when you first met the prisoner in hamburg
the question is, frau helm, were you lying then, are you lying now?
or are you not, in fact, a chronic and habitual liar?
my lord, is my learned friend to be allowed to bully and insult the witness?
mr myers, this is a capital charge and, within the bounds of reason,
my lord, members of the jury, the prosecution has very ably presented against the prisoner, leonard vole, a case with the most overwhelming circumstantial evidence.
among the witnesses you have heard chief inspector hearne, who has given his testimony in a fair and impartial manner, as he always does.
he has put before you a clever theory of how this crime was committed.
whether it is theory or actual fact, however, you will decide for yourselves.
and then you have heard the evidence of janet mckenzie, a worthy and devoted housekeeper who has suffered two most grievous losses.
one, the death of her beloved mistress and, second, in being deprived of an inheritance of?
and most damaging of all, the prosecution has produced a surprise witness, one christine helm, whom the prisoner brought from the rubble of her homeland to the safety of this country, giving her his love and the protection of his name.
i objected to her testimony because a wife cannot give evidence harmful to her husband.
but it has been proven that her marriage to mr vole was fraudulent and bigamous.
therefore, her evidence must be admitted and you must consider it.
the prisoner has endured three days of profound mental agony and shock.
the defence feels his faculties should be spared for the cross-examination by my learned friend for the prosecution.
lamentably, he had not been seen on the night of the murder but one week before.
on the afternoon of october 8, were you not in a travel agency in regent street?
well, the man gave me a funny look because i did look a bit shabby.
anyway, it irritated me, so i kept asking for the swankiest tours, all de luxe and cabin on the boat deck, but it was just an act!
and the fact, mr vole, is that we've only your word for it.
that you left mrs french's house at the time you say, that you came home at 5 and 20 minutes past 9, and that you did not go out again!
if i can't stand up to make my final appeal for him, i'll make it sitting down.
if i become short of breath i'll take a pill, or two pills, or all of them and the box too.
i'm at the buffet at euston station at the far end of the bar.
i'll be here for 30 minutes because that's when me train leaves.
since the defence has called but one witness, the prisoner, it has the right to be heard last.
mr myers, if you are ready, let us have the final address for the prosecution.
i have anticipated this objection and can meet it with ample precedent.
there is the king vs stillman, reported in the criminal appeal reports of 1926 at page 463.
also, the king vs porter in volume one of the king's bench division reports, 1942 at page 153.
and lastly there is the case of the king vs sullivan in which this issue was raised, which i'm sure your lordship will remember, since you appeared for the prosecution.
"leonard is suspected of murdering the old lady i told you about."
"his only hope of an alibi depends on me and me alone."
"suppose i testify that he was not at home with me at the time of the murder, that he came home with blood on his sleeves, and that he even admitted to me that he'd killed her?"
"strange that he always said he would never let me leave him."
you are hereby discharged and are free to leave the court.
persons with anything more to do before the queen's justices of oyer and terminer and jail delivery for the jurisdiction of the central criminal court may depart the area.
but i have a ladder in my last pair of nylons.
in case you are not familiar with our prison regulations, no silk stockings.
the idea that i should be a witness, not for my husband, but for the prosecution.
that i should swear leonard was guilty and that you should expose me as a liar because only then would they believe leonard was innocent.
the luggage is in the car and we've only 20 minutes to catch the boat train.
this is a nice young lady i met during the trial.
leonard, is this the girl who was with you in the travel bureau?
the girl you said you hardly knew, didn't even know her name?
i would then have admitted the crime, retained myself for the defence.
my lord, members of the jury, i hereby enter a plea of justifiable homicide.
mr vole, you must not take such a morbid point of view.
it's just when you say these things are closing in on me, it's like a nightmare.
- i suppose you think i'm a bit of a drifter.
it's true, in a way, but i'm really not like that.
i'm in no condition to cope with emotional wives drenched in tears.
miss plimsoll, how alluring you look, waiting like a hangman on the scaffold.
bear in mind she's a foreigner, so prepare for hysterics, even a fainting spell.
better have smelling salts ready, box of tissues and a nip of brandy.
we accept the evidence of deaf-mutes who cannot speak at all, as long as they tell the truth.
you're aware that when you're in the witness box you will be sworn
i want to read a portion of the evidence of janet mckenzie, the housekeeper.
"mr vole helped mrs french with her business affairs, particularly her income tax returns. "
and it is your charge to say, having heard the evidence, whether he be guilty or not.
members of the jury, by the oath which you have just taken, you have sworn to try this case on the evidence.
i appear in this case with my learned friend, mr barton, for the prosecution.
and my learned friends sir wilfrid robarts and mr brogan-moore appear for the defence.
i trust we are not to be deprived of the learned and stimulating presence of sir wilfrid?
my lord, may i assure my learned friend that sir wilfrid is in the old bailey.
you will hear how the prisoner made the acquaintance of mrs emily french, a woman of 56.
how he was treated by her with kindness and even affection.
on the night of october 14 last, between 9.30 and 10, mrs french was murdered.
medical testimony will be introduced to prove that death was caused by a blow from a blunt and heavy instrument, and it is the case for the prosecution that the blow was dealt by the prisoner, leonard vole.
from the body temperature and other factors, we placed the time of death at between 9.30 and 10pm, approximately 30 minutes before janet mckenzie returned home and called us.
death was instantaneous, caused by one blow from a heavy and blunt instrument.
there was glass on the floor, and fragments were found outside.
the glass outside was not consistent with the window being forced from the outside.
let us not surmise, sir wilfrid, but confine ourselves to facts.
inspector, when you questioned the prisoner as to the stains on his jacket, did he not show you a recently-healed scar on his wrist,
i've no opinion of companions, poor feckless bodies, afraid of a bit of honest domestic work.
i meant you were on friendly terms, not altogether those of mistress and servant.
i stayed until 20 to 11, then i said good night and i come home.
i went into the sitting room to see if the mistress wanted anything before she went to bed.
i will not allow that question to be answered, mr myers.
miss mckenzie, were you aware that leonard vole was a married man?
were you aware of the arrangements mrs french made to dispose of her money?
she had her old will revoked and a new one drawn up.
it'll be a wicked injustice if he ever touches a penny of that money.
it is entirely understandable that you are antagonistic to the prisoner.
i swear by almighty god that the evidence i shall give shall be the truth, the whole truth and nothing but the truth.
my lord, i have the most serious objection to this witness being summoned, as she is the wife of the prisoner.
you stated to the police that on the night that mrs french was murdered,
leonard vole left the house at 7.30 and returned at 25 minutes past 9.
my lord is most gracious, but pray let the witness continue.
we are all of us caught up in the suspense of this horror fiction.
what he has asked me to do i have because i was grateful.
it was not because he was your husband and you loved him?
in this country we are inclined to take a rather more serious view of marriage.
however, it would appear that when you first met the prisoner in hamburg
the question is, frau helm, were you lying then, are you lying now?
or are you not, in fact, a chronic and habitual liar?
my lord, is my learned friend to be allowed to bully and insult the witness?
mr myers, this is a capital charge and, within the bounds of reason,
among the witnesses you have heard chief inspector hearne, who has given his testimony in a fair and impartial manner, as he always does.
he has put before you a clever theory of how this crime was committed.
whether it is theory or actual fact, however, you will decide for yourselves.
and then you have heard the evidence of janet mckenzie, a worthy and devoted housekeeper who has suffered two most grievous losses.
one, the death of her beloved mistress and, second, in being deprived of an inheritance of $80,000, which she'd fully expected to receive.
i will not comment further on her evidence, but will express only my deepest sympathy for her in both these... mishaps.
and most damaging of all, the prosecution has produced a surprise witness, one christine helm, whom the prisoner brought from the rubble of her homeland to the safety of this country, giving her his love and the protection of his name.
i objected to her testimony because a wife cannot give evidence harmful to her husband.
but it has been proven that her marriage to mr vole was fraudulent and bigamous.
therefore, her evidence must be admitted and you must consider it.
have you, in fact, concluded your examination of the prisoner, sir wilfrid?
the prisoner has endured three days of profound mental agony and shock.
i am confident that no matter how searching this may be, the prisoner will withstand it.
at the time you made the acquaintance of mrs french, were you employed?
lamentably, he had not been seen on the night of the murder but one week before.
on the afternoon of october 8, were you not in a travel agency in regent street?
well, the man gave me a funny look because i did look a bit shabby.
anyway, it irritated me, so i kept asking for the swankiest tours, all de luxe and cabin on the boat deck, but it was just an act!
that you left mrs french's house at the time you say, that you came home at 5 and 20 minutes past 9, and that you did not go out again!
somebody must have seen me in the street or going in the house!
i'm at the buffet at euston station at the far end of the bar.
i'll be here for 30 minutes because that's when me train leaves.
if these letters get the boy off, it's $100 for me, right?
if these letters contain information useful to the defence, i'm prepared to offer $10.
mr myers, if you are ready, let us have the final address for the prosecution.
my lord, members of the jury, i will be brief in my final speech because i think we've proved so obvious a case of murder against leonard vole, that a verdict of guilty must be the only possible conclusion.
i have anticipated this objection and can meet it with ample precedent.
there is the king vs stillman, reported in the criminal appeal reports of 1926 at page 463.
also, the king vs porter in volume one of the king's bench division reports, 1942 at page 153.
and lastly there is the case of the king vs sullivan in which this issue was raised, which i'm sure your lordship will remember, since you appeared for the prosecution.
now, mrs helm, you've been kind enough to identify your letter paper.
now, if you like, i can have an expert identify your handwriting.
"leonard is suspected of murdering the old lady i told you about. "
"his only hope of an alibi depends on me and me alone. "
"suppose i testify that he was not at home with me at the time of the murder, that he came home with blood on his sleeves, and that he even admitted to me that he'd killed her?"
"strange that he always said he would never let me leave him. "
you are hereby discharged and are free to leave the court.
persons with anything more to do before the queen's justices of oyer and terminer and jail delivery for the jurisdiction of the central criminal court may depart the area.
i don't mind being called names or pushed around or even kicked in the shin.
but i have a ladder in my last pair of nylons.
the luggage is in the car and we've only 20 minutes to catch the boat train.
this is a nice young lady i met during the trial.
leonard, is this the girl who was with you in the travel bureau?
the girl you said you hardly knew, didn't even know her name?
i seriously considered strangling you with one of your own rubber tubes.
i would then have admitted the crime, retained myself for the defence.
my lord, members of the jury, i hereby enter a plea of justifiable homicide.
for four months this alleged angel of mercy has pored, probed, punctured, pillaged and plundered my helpless body while tormenting my mind with a steady drip of baby talk.
simply press this button for up and this one for down.
carter, i warn you, if this contraption should collapse, if the barrister should fall off the bannister...
i saw in the paper that mrs french had been found dead with her head bashed in.
it also said the police were anxious to interview me since i visited that evening.
he thinks that he made a statement and that's the end of it.
isn't it obvious that you will be regarded as the principal suspect?
how would they have restored him to his normal life then?
mr vole, you must not take such a morbid point of view.
i have a warrant for your arrest on the charge of murdering emily french.
i must warn you that anything you say may be taken down and used in evidence.
give her a month's pay and kick her down the stairs.
either you take care of yourself or i, too, shall resign.
handle her gently, especially when you tell her of the arrest.
bear in mind she's a foreigner, so prepare for hysterics, even a fainting spell.
we accept the evidence of deaf-mutes who cannot speak at all, as long as they tell the truth.
you're aware that when you're in the witness box you will be sworn
i want to read a portion of the evidence of janet mckenzie, the housekeeper.
"mr vole helped mrs french with her business affairs, particularly her income tax returns."
and it is your charge to say, having heard the evidence, whether he be guilty or not.
members of the jury, by the oath which you have just taken, you have sworn to try this case on the evidence.
i appear in this case with my learned friend, mr barton, for the prosecution.
and my learned friends sir wilfrid robarts and mr brogan-moore appear for the defence.
i trust we are not to be deprived of the learned and stimulating presence of sir wilfrid?
my lord, may i assure my learned friend that sir wilfrid is in the old bailey.
you will hear how the prisoner made the acquaintance of mrs emily french, a woman of 56.
how he was treated by her with kindness and even affection.
on the night of october 14 last, between 9:30 and 10, mrs french was murdered.
medical testimony will be introduced to prove that death was caused by a blow from a blunt and heavy instrument, and it is the case for the prosecution that the blow was dealt by the prisoner, leonard vole.
from the body temperature and other factors, we placed the time of death at between 9:30 and 10 p.m., approximately 30 minutes before janet mckenzie returned home and called us.
death was instantaneous, caused by one blow from a heavy and blunt instrument.
there was glass on the floor, and fragments were found outside.
the glass outside was not consistent with the window being forced from the outside.
let us not surmise, sir wilfrid, but confine ourselves to facts.
inspector, when you questioned the prisoner as to the stains on his jacket, did he not show you a recently-healed scar on his wrist,
well, when i got to my niece's, i found i'd left the pattern behind.
so after supper i slipped back to get it as it was no distance.
i stayed until 20 to 11, then i said good night and i come home.
i went into the sitting room to see if the mistress wanted anything before she went to bed.
i will not allow that question to be answered, mr myers.
miss mckenzie, were you aware that leonard vole was a married man?
were you aware of the arrangements mrs french made to dispose of her money?
she had her old will revoked and a new one drawn up.
it'll be a wicked injustice if he ever touches a penny of that money.
it is entirely understandable that you are antagonistic to the prisoner.
wasn't it possible when you returned home and passed the door, what you really heard was the television and a man and woman's voices and laughter?
there was a play called lover's leap on the television that night.
i swear by almighty god that the evidence i shall give shall be the truth, the whole truth and nothing but the truth.
my lord, i have the most serious objection to this witness being summoned, as she is the wife of the prisoner.
you stated to the police that on the night that mrs french was murdered,
leonard vole left the house at 7:30 and returned at 25 minutes past 9.
if the defence so desires, i will adjourn for a short time so that the prisoner may gain control of himself.
my lord is most gracious, but pray let the witness continue.
that woman, she was a harmless old fool, and he makes of me an accomplice to the murder.
i cannot come into court and swear that he was with me at the time it was done.
my lord, may i also remind my learned friend that his witness, by her own admission, has already violated so many oaths that i am surprised the testament did not leap from her hand when she was sworn here today.
i doubt if anything is to be gained by questioning you any further.
among the witnesses you have heard chief inspector hearne, who has given his testimony in a fair and impartial manner, as he always does.
he has put before you a clever theory of how this crime was committed.
whether it is theory or actual fact, however, you will decide for yourselves.
and then you have heard the evidence of janet mckenzie, a worthy and devoted housekeeper who has suffered two most grievous losses.
one, the death of her beloved mistress and, second, in being deprived of an inheritance of £80,000, which she'd fully expected to receive.
i will not comment further on her evidence, but will express only my deepest sympathy for her in both these... mishaps.
and most damaging of all, the prosecution has produced a surprise witness, one christine helm, whom the prisoner brought from the rubble of her homeland to the safety of this country, giving her his love and the protection of his name.
i objected to her testimony because a wife cannot give evidence harmful to her husband.
but it has been proven that her marriage to mr vole was fraudulent and bigamous.
therefore, her evidence must be admitted and you must consider it.
the prisoner has endured three days of profound mental agony and shock.
the defence feels his faculties should be spared for the cross-examination by my learned friend for the prosecution.
however, the defence will be pleased to learn that, at the last moment, a witness has come forward, and that the prisoner had been seen wearing this coat and this hat.
lamentably, he had not been seen on the night of the murder but one week before.
on the afternoon of october 8, were you not in a travel agency in regent street?
and did you not make inquiries about prices and schedules of foreign cruises?
we went in for fun and i started asking for folders.
well, the man gave me a funny look because i did look a bit shabby.
and the fact, mr vole, is that we've only your word for it.
that you left mrs french's house at the time you say, that you came home at 5 and 20 minutes past 9, and that you did not go out again!
if i can't stand up to make my final appeal for him, i'll make it sitting down.
if i become short of breath i'll take a pill, or two pills, or all of them and the box too.
i'll be here for 30 minutes because that's when me train leaves.
if you want the lowdown on that german bag, get yourself here.
if these letters get the boy off, it's £100 for me, right?
if these letters contain information useful to the defence, i'm prepared to offer £10.
since the defence has called but one witness, the prisoner, it has the right to be heard last.
mr myers, if you are ready, let us have the final address for the prosecution.
i have anticipated this objection and can meet it with ample precedent.
there is the king vs stillman, reported in the criminal appeal reports of 1926 at page 463.
also, the king vs porter in volume one of the king's bench division reports, 1942 at page 153.
and lastly there is the case of the king vs sullivan in which this issue was raised, which i'm sure your lordship will remember, since you appeared for the prosecution.
now, mrs helm, you've been kind enough to identify your letter paper.
now, if you like, i can have an expert identify your handwriting.
"his only hope of an alibi depends on me and me alone."
"suppose i testify that he was not at home with me at the time of the murder,"
leonard stephen vole, you have been found not guilty of the murder of emily jane french on october 14.
you are hereby discharged and are free to leave the court.
"mr vole." they didn't call me mr when they charged me.
- i'll go with you, i have your hat and coat.
i don't mind being called names or pushed around or even kicked in the shin.
but i have a ladder in my last pair of nylons.
the luggage is in the car and we've only 20 minutes to catch the boat train.
this is a nice young lady i met during the trial.
leonard, is this the girl who was with you in the travel bureau?
the girl you said you hardly knew, didn't even know her name?
i seriously considered strangling you with one of your own rubber tubes.
i would then have admitted the crime, retained myself for the defence.
my lord, members of the jury, i hereby enter a plea of justifiable homicide.
for four months this alleged angel of mercy has pored, probed, punctured, pillaged and plundered my helpless body while tormenting my mind with a steady drip of baby talk.
simply press this button for up and this one for down.
carter, i warn you, if this contraption should collapse, if the barrister should fall off the bannister...
i saw in the paper that mrs french had been found dead with her head bashed in.
it also said the police were anxious to interview me since i visited that evening.
he thinks that he made a statement and that's the end of it.
isn't it obvious that you will be regarded as the principal suspect?
how would they have restored him to his normal life then?
mr vole, you must not take such a morbid point of view.
i have a warrant for your arrest on the charge of murdering emily french.
i must warn you that anything you say may be taken down and used in evidence.
give her a month's pay and kick her down the stairs.
either you take care of yourself or i, too, shall resign.
handle her gently, especially when you tell her of the arrest.
bear in mind she's a foreigner, so prepare for hysterics, even a fainting spell.
we accept the evidence of deaf-mutes who cannot speak at all, as long as they tell the truth.
you're aware that when you're in the witness box you will be sworn
i want to read a portion of the evidence of janet mckenzie, the housekeeper.
"mr vole helped mrs french with her business affairs, particularly her income tax returns."
♪ give your arms to me ♪ ♪ give your charms to me ♪
♪ after all that's ♪ ♪ what sailors are for ♪
members of the jury, by the oath which you have just taken, you have sworn to try this case on the evidence.
you must shut out from your minds everything except what will take place in this court.
and my learned friends sir wilfrid robarts and mr brogan-moore appear for the defence.
i trust we are not to be deprived of the learned and stimulating presence of sir wilfrid?
the facts in this case are simple and, to a point, not in dispute.
you will hear how the prisoner made the acquaintance of mrs emily french, a woman of 56.
how he was treated by her with kindness and even affection.
on the night of october 14 last, between 9:30 and 10, mrs french was murdered.
inspector, is it your opinion that the assailant, whether he, she or it, had taken mrs french by surprise?
my lord, i am taken by surprise that my learned friend should try to solicit from the witness an opinion, not a fact.
after establishing the 'cause and the time of death, what did you then do?
a search was made, photographs were taken and the premises fingerprinted.
things were strewn about and the window had been broken near the catch.
there was glass on the floor, and fragments were found outside.
the glass outside was not consistent with the window being forced from the outside.
you're saying that someone made it look as if it had been forced from the outside?
can't we surmise the burglar might have entered a presumably empty house, suddenly encountered mrs french and struck her, then, realising she was dead, fled without taking anything?
i submit, my lord, that it is entirely impossible to guess what went on in the mind of some entirely imaginary burglar.
i've no opinion of companions, poor feckless bodies, afraid of a bit of honest domestic work.
i meant you were on friendly terms, not altogether those of mistress and servant.
a life of the baroness burdett-coutts, and the one about disraeli and his wife.
both of them about women that married men years younger than themselves.
whereas in the new will, except for a bequest to you of a small annuity, the principal beneficiary is the prisoner, leonard vole.
it'll be a wicked injustice if he ever touches a penny of that money.
six months ago i applied for my hearing aid, and i'm still waiting for it.
my dear miss mckenzie, considering the rubbish that is being talked nowadays, you are missing very little.
my lord, i have the most serious objection to this witness being summoned, as she is the wife of the prisoner.
i call my learned friend's attention to the fact that i summoned not mrs vole, but mrs helm.
i don't see any reason why this witness should not be qualified to give evidence.
you're willing to give evidence against the man you've been calling your husband?
my lord is most gracious, but pray let the witness continue.
we are all of us caught up in the suspense of this horror fiction.
what he has asked me to do i have because i was grateful.
it was not because he was your husband and you loved him?
in this country we are inclined to take a rather more serious view of marriage.
however, it would appear that when you first met the prisoner in hamburg you lied to him about your marital status.
my lord, may i also remind my learned friend that his witness, by her own admission, has already violated so many oaths that i am surprised the testament did not leap from her hand when she was sworn here today.
i doubt if anything is to be gained by questioning you any further.
among the witnesses you have heard chief inspector hearne, who has given his testimony in a fair and impartial manner, as he always does.
he has put before you a clever theory of how this crime was committed.
whether it is theory or actual fact, however, you will decide for yourselves.
and then you have heard the evidence of janet mckenzie, a worthy and devoted housekeeper who has suffered two most grievous losses.
one, the death of her beloved mistress and, second, in being deprived of an inheritance of £80,000, which she'd fully expected to receive.
i will not comment further on her evidence, but will express only my deepest sympathy for her in both these... mishaps.
and most damaging of all, the prosecution has produced a surprise witness, one christine helm, whom the prisoner brought from the rubble of her homeland to the safety of this country, giving her his love and the protection of his name.
i objected to her testimony because a wife cannot give evidence harmful to her husband.
but it has been proven that her marriage to mr vole was fraudulent and bigamous.
therefore, her evidence must be admitted and you must consider it.
have you, in fact, concluded your examination of the prisoner, sir wilfrid?
the prisoner has endured three days of profound mental agony and shock.
i am confident that no matter how searching this may be, the prisoner will withstand it.
at the time you made the acquaintance of mrs french, were you employed?
however, the defence will be pleased to learn that, at the last moment, a witness has come forward, and that the prisoner had been seen wearing this coat and this hat.
lamentably, he had not been seen on the night of the murder but one week before.
on the afternoon of october 8, were you not in a travel agency in regent street?
and did you not make inquiries about prices and schedules of foreign cruises?
we went in for fun and i started asking for folders.
well, the man gave me a funny look because i did look a bit shabby.
and the fact, mr vole, is that we've only your word for it.
that you left mrs french's house at the time you say, that you came home at 5 and 20 minutes past 9, and that you did not go out again!
if i can't stand up to make my final appeal for him, i'll make it sitting down.
if i become short of breath i'll take a pill, or two pills, or all of them and the box too.
i'll be here for 30 minutes because that's when me train leaves.
if you want the lowdown on that german bag, get yourself here.
if these letters get the boy off, it's £100 for me, right?
if these letters contain information useful to the defence, i'm prepared to offer £10.
since the defence has called but one witness, the prisoner, it has the right to be heard last.
mr myers, if you are ready, let us have the final address for the prosecution.
i have anticipated this objection and can meet it with ample precedent.
there is the king vs stillman, reported in the criminal appeal reports of 1926 at page 463.
also, the king vs porter in volume one of the king's bench division reports, 1942 at page 153.
and lastly there is the case of the king vs sullivan in which this issue was raised, which i'm sure your lordship will remember, since you appeared for the prosecution.
now, mrs helm, you've been kind enough to identify your letter paper.
now, if you like, i can have an expert identify your handwriting.
"his only hope of an alibi depends on me and me alone."
"suppose i testify that he was not at home with me at the time of the murder,"
leonard stephen vole, you have been found not guilty of the murder of emily jane french on october 14.
you are hereby discharged and are free to leave the court.
i don't mind being called names or pushed around or even kicked in the shin.
but i have a ladder in my last pair of nylons.
the luggage is in the car and we've only 20 minutes to catch the boat train.
this is a nice young lady i met during the trial.
leonard, is this the girl who was with you in the travel bureau?
the girl you said you hardly knew, didn't even know her name?
i seriously considered strangling you with one of your own rubber tubes.
i would then have admitted the crime, retained myself for the defence.
my lord, members of the jury, i hereby enter a plea of justifiable homicide.
for four months this alleged angel of mercy has pored, probed, punctured, pillaged and plundered my helpless body while tormenting my mind with a steady drip of baby talk.
simply press this button for up and this one for down.
carter, i warn you, if this contraption should collapse, if the barrister should fall off the bannister...
i saw in the paper that mrs french had been found dead with her head bashed in.
it also said the police were anxious to interview me since i visited that evening.
he thinks that he made a statement and that's the end of it.
isn't it obvious that you will be regarded as the principal suspect?
how would they have restored him to his normal life then?
mr vole, you must not take such a morbid point of view.
actually, it was a ridiculous sort of hat - a silly thing with ribbons and flowers.
i'm constantly surprised that women's hats do not provoke more murders.
if mr vole had been sponging off mrs french, why cut off the source of supply?
or, if he'd been hoping for a golden egg, why kill the goose before it was laid?
i have a warrant for your arrest on the charge of murdering emily french.
i must warn you that anything you say may be taken down and used in evidence.
give her a month's pay and kick her down the stairs.
either you take care of yourself or i, too, shall resign.
handle her gently, especially when you tell her of the arrest.
bear in mind she's a foreigner, so prepare for hysterics, even a fainting spell.
my dear mrs vole, in our courts we accept the evidence of witnesses who speak only bulgarian and who must have an interpreter.
we accept the evidence of deaf-mutes who cannot speak at all, as long as they tell the truth.
i will give him an alibi and i shall be very convincing.
there will be tears in my eyes when i say "leonard came home at 9.26 precisely. "
the prosecution will break her down in no time when she's in the witness box.
this case is going to be rather like the charge of the light brigade or one of those japanese suicide pilots.
members of the jury, by the oath which you have just taken, you have sworn to try this case on the evidence.
you must shut out from your minds everything except what will take place in this court.
and my learned friends sir wilfrid robarts and mr brogan-moore appear for the defence.
i trust we are not to be deprived of the learned and stimulating presence of sir wilfrid?
the facts in this case are simple and, to a point, not in dispute.
you will hear how the prisoner made the acquaintance of mrs emily french, a woman of 56.
how he was treated by her with kindness and even affection.
on the night of october 14 last, between 9.30 and 10, mrs french was murdered.
inspector, is it your opinion that the assailant, whether he, she or it, had taken mrs french by surprise?
my lord, i am taken by surprise that my learned friend should try to solicit from the witness an opinion, not a fact.
after establishing the cause and the time of death, what did you then do?
a search was made, photographs were taken and the premises fingerprinted.
things were strewn about and the window had been broken near the catch.
there was glass on the floor, and fragments were found outside.
the glass outside was not consistent with the window being forced from the outside.
you're saying that someone made it look as if it had been forced from the outside?
can't we surmise the burglar might have entered a presumably empty house, suddenly encountered mrs french and struck her, then, realising she was dead, fled without taking anything?
i submit, my lord, that it is entirely impossible to guess what went on in the mind of some entirely imaginary burglar.
well, when i got to my niece's, i found i'd left the pattern behind.
so after supper i slipped back to get it as it was no distance.
a life of the baroness burdett-coutts, and the one about disraeli and his wife.
both of them about women that married men years younger than themselves.
members of the jury, it is possible for a woman to read the life of disraeli without contemplating marriage with a man younger than herself.
were you aware of the arrangements mrs french made to dispose of her money?
whereas in the new will, except for a bequest to you of a small annuity, the principal beneficiary is the prisoner, leonard vole.
it'll be a wicked injustice if he ever touches a penny of that money.
wasn't it possible when you returned home and passed the door, what you really heard was the television and a man and woman's voices and laughter?
there was a play called lover's leap on the television that night.
six months ago i applied for my hearing aid, and i'm still waiting for it.
my dear miss mckenzie, considering the rubbish that is being talked nowadays, you are missing very little.
my lord, i have the most serious objection to this witness being summoned, as she is the wife of the prisoner.
i call my learned friend's attention to the fact that i summoned not mrs vole, but mrs helm.
i don't see any reason why this witness should not be qualified to give evidence.
you're willing to give evidence against the man you've been calling your husband?
if the defence so desires, i will adjourn for a short time so that the prisoner may gain control of himself.
my lord is most gracious, but pray let the witness continue.
that woman, she was a harmless old fool, and he makes of me an accomplice to the murder.
i cannot come into court and swear that he was with me at the time it was done.
my lord, may i also remind my learned friend that his witness, by her own admission, has already violated so many oaths that i am surprised the testament did not leap from her hand when she was sworn here today.
i doubt if anything is to be gained by questioning you any further.
my lord, members of the jury, the prosecution has very ably presented against the prisoner, leonard vole, a case with the most overwhelming circumstantial evidence.
among the witnesses you have heard chief inspector hearne, who has given his testimony in a fair and impartial manner, as he always does.
he has put before you a clever theory of how this crime was committed.
whether it is theory or actual fact, however, you will decide for yourselves.
and then you have heard the evidence of janet mckenzie, a worthy and devoted housekeeper who has suffered two most grievous losses.
one, the death of her beloved mistress and, second, in being deprived of an inheritance of $80,000, which she'd fully expected to receive.
i will not comment further on her evidence, but will express only my deepest sympathy for her in both these... mishaps.
and most damaging of all, the prosecution has produced a surprise witness, one christine helm, whom the prisoner brought from the rubble of her homeland to the safety of this country, giving her his love and the protection of his name.
i objected to her testimony because a wife cannot give evidence harmful to her husband.
but it has been proven that her marriage to mr vole was fraudulent and bigamous.
we could present, on behalf of the prisoner, witnesses to his character, his war record, the lack of criminal or evil association in his past.
however, only one witness can shed new light on this tragic riddle.
the prisoner has endured three days of profound mental agony and shock.
the defence feels his faculties should be spared for the cross-examination by my learned friend for the prosecution.
however, the defence will be pleased to learn that, at the last moment, a witness has come forward, and that the prisoner had been seen wearing this coat and this hat.
lamentably, he had not been seen on the night of the murder but one week before.
on the afternoon of october 8, were you not in a travel agency in regent street?
and did you not make inquiries about prices and schedules of foreign cruises?
we went in for fun and i started asking for folders.
well, the man gave me a funny look because i did look a bit shabby.
and the fact, mr vole, is that we've only your word for it.
that you left mrs french's house at the time you say, that you came home at 5 and 20 minutes past 9, and that you did not go out again!
if i can't stand up to make my final appeal for him, i'll make it sitting down.
if i become short of breath i'll take a pill, or two pills, or all of them and the box too.
i'll be here for 30 minutes because that's when me train leaves.
if you want the lowdown on that german bag, get yourself here.
well, as i say, i don't expect you to buy without seeing, but fair's fair.
if these letters get the boy off, it's $100 for me, right?
since the defence has called but one witness, the prisoner, it has the right to be heard last.
mr myers, if you are ready, let us have the final address for the prosecution.
there is the king vs stillman, reported in the criminal appeal reports of 1926 at page 463.
also, the king vs porter in volume one of the king's bench division reports, 1942 at page 153.
"his only hope of an alibi depends on me and me alone. "
"suppose i testify that he was not at home with me at the time of the murder, that he came home with blood on his sleeves, and that he even admitted to me that he'd killed her?"
"strange that he always said he would never let me leave him. "
"but now, if this succeeds, he will be leaving me because they will take him away forever and i shall be free and yours, my beloved. "
leonard stephen vole, you have been found not guilty of the murder of emily jane french on october 14.
you are hereby discharged and are free to leave the court.
"mr vole. " they didn't call me mr when they charged me.
- i'll go with you, i have your hat and coat.
but i have a ladder in my last pair of nylons.
in case you are not familiar with our prison regulations, no silk stockings.
the idea that i should be a witness, not for my husband, but for the prosecution.
that i should swear leonard was guilty and that you should expose me as a liar because only then would they believe leonard was innocent.
i seriously considered strangling you with one of your own rubber tubes.
i would then have admitted the crime, retained myself for the defence.
my lord, members of the jury, i hereby enter a plea of justifiable homicide.
for four months this alleged angel of mercy has pored, probed, punctured, pillaged and plundered my helpless body while tormenting my mind with a steady drip of baby talk.
simply press this button for up and this one for down.
carter, i warn you, if this contraption should collapse, if the barrister should fall off the bannister...
i saw in the paper that mrs french had been found dead with her head bashed in.
it also said the police were anxious to interview me since i visited that evening.
he thinks that he made a statement and that's the end of it.
isn't it obvious that you will be regarded as the principal suspect?
how would they have restored him to his normal life then?
mr vole, you must not take such a morbid point of view.
actually, it was a ridiculous sort of hat- a silly thing with ribbons and flowers.
i'm constantly surprised that women's hats do not provoke more murders.
if mr vole had been sponging off mrs french, why cut off the source of supply?
or, if he'd been hoping for a golden egg, why kill the goose before it was laid?
i have a warrant for your arrest on the charge of murdering emily french.
i must warn you that anything you say may be taken down and used in evidence.
give her a month's pay and kick her down the stairs.
either you take care of yourself or i, too, shall resign.
handle her gently, especially when you tell her of the arrest.
bear in mind she's a foreigner, so prepare for hysterics, even a fainting spell.
my dear mrs vole, in our courts we accept the evidence of witnesses who speak only bulgarian and who must have an interpreter.
we accept the evidence of deaf-mutes who cannot speak at all, as long as they tell the truth.
i will give him an alibi and i shall be very convincing.
there will be tears in my eyes when i say "leonard came home at 9.26 precisely."
the prosecution will break her down in no time when she's in the witness box.
this case is going to be rather like the charge of the light brigade or one of those japanese suicide pilots.
members of the jury, by the oath which you have just taken, you have sworn to try this case on the evidence.
you must shut out from your minds everything except what will take place in this court.
and my learned friends sir wilfrid robarts and mr brogan-moore appear for the defence.
i trust we are not to be deprived of the learned and stimulating presence of sir wilfrid?
the facts in this case are simple and, to a point, not in dispute.
you will hear how the prisoner made the acquaintance of mrs emily french, a woman of 56.
how he was treated by her with kindness and even affection.
on the night of october 14 last, between 9.30 and 10, mrs french was murdered.
inspector, is it your opinion that the assailant, whether he, she or it, had taken mrs french by surprise?
my lord, i am taken by surprise that my learned friend should try to solicit from the witness an opinion, not a fact.
after establishing the cause and the time of death, what did you then do?
a search was made, photographs were taken and the premises fingerprinted.
things were strewn about and the window had been broken near the catch.
there was glass on the floor, and fragments were found outside.
the glass outside was not consistent with the window being forced from the outside.
you're saying that someone made it look as if it had been forced from the outside?
can't we surmise the burglar might have entered a presumably empty house, suddenly encountered mrs french and struck her, then, realising she was dead, fled without taking anything?
i submit, my lord, that it is entirely impossible to guess what went on in the mind of some entirely imaginary burglar.
well, when i got to my niece's, i found i'd left the pattern behind.
so after supper i slipped back to get it as it was no distance.
a life of the baroness burdett-coutts, and the one about disraeli and his wife.
both of them about women that married men years younger than themselves.
members of the jury, it is possible for a woman to read the life of disraeli without contemplating marriage with a man younger than herself.
were you aware of the arrangements mrs french made to dispose of her money?
whereas in the new will, except for a bequest to you of a small annuity, the principal beneficiary is the prisoner, leonard vole.
it'll be a wicked injustice if he ever touches a penny of that money.
wasn't it possible when you returned home and passed the door, what you really heard was the television and a man and woman's voices and laughter?
there was a play called lover's leap on the television that night.
six months ago i applied for my hearing aid, and i'm still waiting for it.
my dear miss mckenzie, considering the rubbish that is being talked nowadays, you are missing very little.
my lord, i have the most serious objection to this witness being summoned, as she is the wife of the prisoner.
i call my learned friend's attention to the fact that i summoned not mrs vole, but mrs helm.
i don't see any reason why this witness should not be qualified to give evidence.
you're willing to give evidence against the man you've been calling your husband?
if the defence so desires, i will adjourn for a short time so that the prisoner may gain control of himself.
my lord is most gracious, but pray let the witness continue.
that woman, she was a harmless old fool, and he makes of me an accomplice to the murder.
i cannot come into court and swear that he was with me at the time it was done.
my lord, may i also remind my learned friend that his witness, by her own admission, has already violated so many oaths that i am surprised the testament did not leap from her hand when she was sworn here today.
i doubt if anything is to be gained by questioning you any further.
my lord, members of the jury, the prosecution has very ably presented against the prisoner, leonard vole, a case with the most overwhelming circumstantial evidence.
among the witnesses you have heard chief inspector hearne, who has given his testimony in a fair and impartial manner, as he always does.
he has put before you a clever theory of how this crime was committed.
whether it is theory or actual fact, however, you will decide for yourselves.
and then you have heard the evidence of janet mckenzie, a worthy and devoted housekeeper who has suffered two most grievous losses.
one, the death of her beloved mistress and, second, in being deprived of an inheritance of £80,000, which she'd fully expected to receive.
i will not comment further on her evidence, but will express only my deepest sympathy for her in both these... mishaps.
and most damaging of all, the prosecution has produced a surprise witness, one christine helm, whom the prisoner brought from the rubble of her homeland to the safety of this country, giving her his love and the protection of his name.
i objected to her testimony because a wife cannot give evidence harmful to her husband.
but it has been proven that her marriage to mr vole was fraudulent and bigamous.
we could present, on behalf of the prisoner, witnesses to his character, his war record, the lack of criminal or evil association in his past.
however, only one witness can shed new light on this tragic riddle.
the prisoner has endured three days of profound mental agony and shock.
the defence feels his faculties should be spared for the cross-examination by my learned friend for the prosecution.
however, the defence will be pleased to learn that, at the last moment, a witness has come forward, and that the prisoner had been seen wearing this coat and this hat.
lamentably, he had not been seen on the night of the murder but one week before.
on the afternoon of october 8, were you not in a travel agency in regent street?
and did you not make inquiries about prices and schedules of foreign cruises?
we went in for fun and i started asking for folders.
well, the man gave me a funny look because i did look a bit shabby.
and the fact, mr vole, is that we've only your word for it.
that you left mrs french's house at the time you say, that you came home at 5 and 20 minutes past 9, and that you did not go out again!
if i can't stand up to make my final appeal for him, i'll make it sitting down.
if i become short of breath i'll take a pill, or two pills, or all of them and the box too.
i'll be here for 30 minutes because that's when me train leaves.
if you want the lowdown on that german bag, get yourself here.
well, as i say, i don't expect you to buy without seeing, but fair's fair.
if these letters get the boy off, it's £100 for me, right?
since the defence has called but one witness, the prisoner, it has the right to be heard last.
mr myers, if you are ready, let us have the final address for the prosecution.
there is the king vs stillman, reported in the criminal appeal reports of 1926 at page 463.
also, the king vs porter in volume one of the king's bench division reports, 1942 at page 153.
now, mrs helm, you've been kind enough to identify your letter paper.
now, if you like, i can have an expert identify your handwriting.
"leonard is suspected of murdering the old lady i told you about."
"his only hope of an alibi depends on me and me alone."
"suppose i testify that he was not at home with me at the time of the murder, that he came home with blood on his sleeves, and that he even admitted to me that he'd killed her?"
"strange that he always said he would never let me leave him."
you are hereby discharged and are free to leave the court.
persons with anything more to do before the queen's justices of oyer and terminer and jail delivery for the jurisdiction of the central criminal court may depart the area.
i don't mind being called names or pushed around or even kicked in the shin.
but i have a ladder in my last pair of nylons.
the luggage is in the car and we've only 20 minutes to catch the boat train.
this is a nice young lady i met during the trial.
leonard, is this the girl who was with you in the travel bureau?
the girl you said you hardly knew, didn't even know her name?
i seriously considered strangling you with one of your own rubber tubes.
i would then have admitted the crime, retained myself for the defence.
my lord, members of the jury, i hereby enter a plea of justifiable homicide.
for four months this alleged angel of mercy has pored, probed, punctured, pillaged and plundered my helpless body while tormenting my mind with a steady drip of baby talk.
simply press this button for up and this one for down.
carter, i warn you, if this contraption should collapse, if the barrister should fall off the bannister...
i saw in the paper that mrs french had been found dead with her head bashed in.
it also said the police were anxious to interview me since i visited that evening.
he thinks that he made a statement and that's the end of it.
isn't it obvious that you will be regarded as the principal suspect?
how would they have restored him to his normal life then?
mr vole, you must not take such a morbid point of view.
actually, it was a ridiculous sort of hat - a silly thing with ribbons and flowers.
i'm constantly surprised that women's hats do not provoke more murders.
if mr vole had been sponging off mrs french, why cut off the source of supply?
or, if he'd been hoping for a golden egg, why kill the goose before it was laid?
i have a warrant for your arrest on the charge of murdering emily french.
i must warn you that anything you say may be taken down and used in evidence.
give her a month's pay and kick her down the stairs.
either you take care of yourself or i, too, shall resign.
handle her gently, especially when you tell her of the arrest.
bear in mind she's a foreigner, so prepare for hysterics, even a fainting spell.
my dear mrs vole, in our courts we accept the evidence of witnesses who speak only bulgarian and who must have an interpreter.
we accept the evidence of deaf-mutes who cannot speak at all, as long as they tell the truth.
i will give him an alibi and i shall be very convincing.
there will be tears in my eyes when i say "leonard came home at 9.26 precisely. "
the prosecution will break her down in no time when she's in the witness box.
this case is going to be rather like the charge of the light brigade or one of those japanese suicide pilots.
members of the jury, by the oath which you have just taken, you have sworn to try this case on the evidence.
you must shut out from your minds everything except what will take place in this court.
and my learned friends sir wilfrid robarts and mr brogan-moore appear for the defence.
i trust we are not to be deprived of the learned and stimulating presence of sir wilfrid?
the facts in this case are simple and, to a point, not in dispute.
you will hear how the prisoner made the acquaintance of mrs emily french, a woman of 56.
how he was treated by her with kindness and even affection.
on the night of october 14 last, between 9.30 and 10, mrs french was murdered.
inspector, is it your opinion that the assailant, whether he, she or it, had taken mrs french by surprise?
my lord, i am taken by surprise that my learned friend should try to solicit from the witness an opinion, not a fact.
after establishing the cause and the time of death, what did you then do?
a search was made, photographs were taken and the premises fingerprinted.
things were strewn about and the window had been broken near the catch.
there was glass on the floor, and fragments were found outside.
the glass outside was not consistent with the window being forced from the outside.
you're saying that someone made it look as if it had been forced from the outside?
can't we surmise the burglar might have entered a presumably empty house, suddenly encountered mrs french and struck her, then, realising she was dead, fled without taking anything?
i submit, my lord, that it is entirely impossible to guess what went on in the mind of some entirely imaginary burglar.
well, when i got to my niece's, i found i'd left the pattern behind.
so after supper i slipped back to get it as it was no distance.
a life of the baroness burdett-coutts, and the one about disraeli and his wife.
both of them about women that married men years younger than themselves.
members of the jury, it is possible for a woman to read the life of disraeli without contemplating marriage with a man younger than herself.
were you aware of the arrangements mrs french made to dispose of her money?
whereas in the new will, except for a bequest to you of a small annuity, the principal beneficiary is the prisoner, leonard vole.
it'll be a wicked injustice if he ever touches a penny of that money.
wasn't it possible when you returned home and passed the door, what you really heard was the television and a man and woman's voices and laughter?
there was a play called lover's leap on the television that night.
six months ago i applied for my hearing aid, and i'm still waiting for it.
my dear miss mckenzie, considering the rubbish that is being talked nowadays, you are missing very little.
my lord, i have the most serious objection to this witness being summoned, as she is the wife of the prisoner.
i call my learned friend's attention to the fact that i summoned not mrs vole, but mrs helm.
i don't see any reason why this witness should not be qualified to give evidence.
you're willing to give evidence against the man you've been calling your husband?
if the defence so desires, i will adjourn for a short time so that the prisoner may gain control of himself.
my lord is most gracious, but pray let the witness continue.
that woman, she was a harmless old fool, and he makes of me an accomplice to the murder.
i cannot come into court and swear that he was with me at the time it was done.
my lord, may i also remind my learned friend that his witness, by her own admission, has already violated so many oaths that i am surprised the testament did not leap from her hand when she was sworn here today.
i doubt if anything is to be gained by questioning you any further.
my lord, members of the jury, the prosecution has very ably presented against the prisoner, leonard vole, a case with the most overwhelming circumstantial evidence.
among the witnesses you have heard chief inspector hearne, who has given his testimony in a fair and impartial manner, as he always does.
he has put before you a clever theory of how this crime was committed.
whether it is theory or actual fact, however, you will decide for yourselves.
and then you have heard the evidence of janet mckenzie, a worthy and devoted housekeeper who has suffered two most grievous losses.
one, the death of her beloved mistress and, second, in being deprived of an inheritance of $80,000, which she'd fully expected to receive.
i will not comment further on her evidence, but will express only my deepest sympathy for her in both these... mishaps.
and most damaging of all, the prosecution has produced a surprise witness, one christine helm, whom the prisoner brought from the rubble of her homeland to the safety of this country, giving her his love and the protection of his name.
i objected to her testimony because a wife cannot give evidence harmful to her husband.
but it has been proven that her marriage to mr vole was fraudulent and bigamous.
we could present, on behalf of the prisoner, witnesses to his character, his war record, the lack of criminal or evil association in his past.
however, only one witness can shed new light on this tragic riddle.
the prisoner has endured three days of profound mental agony and shock.
the defence feels his faculties should be spared for the cross-examination by my learned friend for the prosecution.
however, the defence will be pleased to learn that, at the last moment, a witness has come forward, and that the prisoner had been seen wearing this coat and this hat.
lamentably, he had not been seen on the night of the murder but one week before.
on the afternoon of october 8, were you not in a travel agency in regent street?
and did you not make inquiries about prices and schedules of foreign cruises?
we went in for fun and i started asking for folders.
well, the man gave me a funny look because i did look a bit shabby.
and the fact, mr vole, is that we've only your word for it.
that you left mrs french's house at the time you say, that you came home at 5 and 20 minutes past 9, and that you did not go out again!
if i can't stand up to make my final appeal for him, i'll make it sitting down.
if i become short of breath i'll take a pill, or two pills, or all of them and the box too.
i'll be here for 30 minutes because that's when me train leaves.
if you want the lowdown on that german bag, get yourself here.
well, as i say, i don't expect you to buy without seeing, but fair's fair.
if these letters get the boy off, it's $100 for me, right?
since the defence has called but one witness, the prisoner, it has the right to be heard last.
mr myers, if you are ready, let us have the final address for the prosecution.
there is the king vs stillman, reported in the criminal appeal reports of 1926 at page 463.
also, the king vs porter in volume one of the king's bench division reports, 1942 at page 153.
"his only hope of an alibi depends on me and me alone. "
"suppose i testify that he was not at home with me at the time of the murder, that he came home with blood on his sleeves, and that he even admitted to me that he'd killed her?"
"strange that he always said he would never let me leave him. "
"but now, if this succeeds, he will be leaving me because they will take him away forever and i shall be free and yours, my beloved. "
leonard stephen vole, you have been found not guilty of the murder of emily jane french on october 14.
you are hereby discharged and are free to leave the court.
"mr vole. " they didn't call me mr when they charged me.
- i'll go with you, i have your hat and coat.
but i have a ladder in my last pair of nylons.
in case you are not familiar with our prison regulations, no silk stockings.
the idea that i should be a witness, not for my husband, but for the prosecution.
that i should swear leonard was guilty and that you should expose me as a liar because only then would they believe leonard was innocent.
i would then have admitted the crime, retained myself for the defence.
my lord, members of the jury, i hereby enter a plea of justifiable homicide.
mr vole, you must not take such a morbid point of view.
it's just when you say these things are closing in on me, it's like a nightmare.
- i suppose you think i'm a bit of a drifter.
it's true, in a way, but i'm really not like that.
i'm in no condition to cope with emotional wives drenched in tears.
miss plimsoll, how alluring you look, waiting like a hangman on the scaffold.
bear in mind she's a foreigner, so prepare for hysterics, even a fainting spell.
better have smelling salts ready, box of tissues and a nip of brandy.
we accept the evidence of deaf-mutes who cannot speak at all, as long as they tell the truth.
you're aware that when you're in the witness box you will be sworn
i want to read a portion of the evidence of janet mckenzie, the housekeeper.
"mr vole helped mrs french with her business affairs, particularly her income tax returns."
â™ª when i find me a happy place â™ª that's where i wanna stay â™ª time is nothing as long as i'm living it up this way â™ª i may never go home any more
â™ª dim the lights and start locking the door â™ª give your arms to me give your charms to me â™ª after all that's what sailors are for â™ª i've got kisses and kisses galore
â™ª that have never been tasted before â™ª if you treat me right this could be the night â™ª i may never go home â™ª i may never go home â™ª i may never go home
â™ª i may never go home â™ª i may never go home any more
and it is your charge to say, having heard the evidence, whether he be guilty or not.
members of the jury, by the oath which you have just taken, you have sworn to try this case on the evidence.
i appear in this case with my learned friend, mr barton, for the prosecution.
and my learned friends sir wilfrid robarts and mr brogan-moore appear for the defence.
i trust we are not to be deprived of the learned and stimulating presence of sir wilfrid?
my lord, may i assure my learned friend that sir wilfrid is in the old bailey.
you will hear how the prisoner made the acquaintance of mrs emily french, a woman of 56.
how he was treated by her with kindness and even affection.
on the night of october 14 last, between 9:30 and 10, mrs french was murdered.
medical testimony will be introduced to prove that death was caused by a blow from a blunt and heavy instrument, and it is the case for the prosecution that the blow was dealt by the prisoner, leonard vole.
from the body temperature and other factors, we placed the time of death at between 9:30 and 10 p.m., approximately 30 minutes before janet mckenzie returned home and called us.
death was instantaneous, caused by one blow from a heavy and blunt instrument.
there was glass on the floor, and fragments were found outside.
the glass outside was not consistent with the window being forced from the outside.
let us not surmise, sir wilfrid, but confine ourselves to facts.
inspector, when you questioned the prisoner as to the stains on his jacket, did he not show you a recently-healed scar on his wrist,
i've no opinion of companions, poor feckless bodies, afraid of a bit of honest domestic work.
i meant you were on friendly terms, not altogether those of mistress and servant.
i stayed until 20 to 11, then i said good night and i come home.
i went into the sitting room to see if the mistress wanted anything before she went to bed.
i will not allow that question to be answered, mr myers.
miss mckenzie, were you aware that leonard vole was a married man?
were you aware of the arrangements mrs french made to dispose of her money?
she had her old will revoked and a new one drawn up.
it'll be a wicked injustice if he ever touches a penny of that money.
it is entirely understandable that you are antagonistic to the prisoner.
i swear by almighty god that the evidence i shall give shall be the truth, the whole truth and nothing but the truth.
my lord, i have the most serious objection to this witness being summoned, as she is the wife of the prisoner.
you stated to the police that on the night that mrs french was murdered,
leonard vole left the house at 7:30 and returned at 25 minutes past 9.
my lord is most gracious, but pray let the witness continue.
we are all of us caught up in the suspense of this horror fiction.
what he has asked me to do i have because i was grateful.
it was not because he was your husband and you loved him?
in this country we are inclined to take a rather more serious view of marriage.
however, it would appear that when you first met the prisoner in hamburg
the question is, frau helm, were you lying then, are you lying now?
or are you not, in fact, a chronic and habitual liar?
my lord, is my learned friend to be allowed to bully and insult the witness?
mr myers, this is a capital charge and, within the bounds of reason,
among the witnesses you have heard chief inspector hearne, who has given his testimony in a fair and impartial manner, as he always does.
he has put before you a clever theory of how this crime was committed.
whether it is theory or actual fact, however, you will decide for yourselves.
and then you have heard the evidence of janet mckenzie, a worthy and devoted housekeeper who has suffered two most grievous losses.
one, the death of her beloved mistress and, second, in being deprived of an inheritance of â£80,000, which she'd fully expected to receive.
i will not comment further on her evidence, but will express only my deepest sympathy for her in both these... mishaps.
and most damaging of all, the prosecution has produced a surprise witness, one christine helm, whom the prisoner brought from the rubble of her homeland to the safety of this country, giving her his love and the protection of his name.
i objected to her testimony because a wife cannot give evidence harmful to her husband.
but it has been proven that her marriage to mr vole was fraudulent and bigamous.
therefore, her evidence must be admitted and you must consider it.
have you, in fact, concluded your examination of the prisoner, sir wilfrid?
the prisoner has endured three days of profound mental agony and shock.
i am confident that no matter how searching this may be, the prisoner will withstand it.
at the time you made the acquaintance of mrs french, were you employed?
lamentably, he had not been seen on the night of the murder but one week before.
on the afternoon of october 8, were you not in a travel agency in regent street?
well, the man gave me a funny look because i did look a bit shabby.
anyway, it irritated me, so i kept asking for the swankiest tours, all deluxe and cabin on the boat deck, but it was just an act!
that you left mrs french's house at the time you say, that you came home at 5 and 20 minutes past 9, and that you did not go out again!
somebody must have seen me in the street or going in the house!
i'm at the buffet at euston station at the far end of the bar.
i'll be here for 30 minutes because that's when me train leaves.
if these letters get the boy off, it's â£100 for me, right?
if these letters contain information useful to the defence, i'm prepared to offer â£10.
mr myers, if you are ready, let us have the final address for the prosecution.
my lord, members of the jury, i will be brief in my final speech because i think we've proved so obvious a case of murder against leonard vole, that a verdict of guilty must be the only possible conclusion.
i have anticipated this objection and can meet it with ample precedent.
there is the king vs stillman, reported in the criminal appeal reports of 1926 at page 463.
also, the king vs porter in volume one of the king's bench division reports, 1942 at page 153.
and lastly there is the case of the king vs sullivan in which this issue was raised, which i'm sure your lordship will remember, since you appeared for the prosecution.
"his only hope of an alibi depends on me and me alone."
"suppose i testify that he was not at home with me at the time of the murder, that he came home with blood on his sleeves, and that he even admitted to me that he'd killed her?"
"strange that he always said he would never let me leave him."
"but now, if this succeeds, he will be leaving me because they will take him away forever and i shall be free and yours, my beloved."
leonard stephen vole, you have been found not guilty of the murder of emily jane french on october 14.
you are hereby discharged and are free to leave the court.
"mr vole." they didn't call me mr when they charged me.
- i'll go with you, i have your hat and coat.
but i have a ladder in my last pair of nylons.
in case you are not familiar with our prison regulations, no silk stockings.
the idea that i should be a witness, not for my husband, but for the prosecution.
that i should swear leonard was guilty and that you should expose me as a liar because only then would they believe leonard was innocent.
i seriously considered strangling you with one of your own rubber tubes.
i would then have admitted the crime, retained myself for the defence.
my lord, members of the jury, i hereby enter a plea of justifiable homicide.
for four months this alleged angel of mercy has pored, probed, punctured, pillaged and plundered my helpless body while tormenting my mind with a steady drip of baby talk.
simply press this button for up and this one for down.
carter, i warn you, if this contraption should collapse, if the barrister should fall off the bannister...
i saw in the paper that mrs. french had been found dead with her head bashed in.
it also said the police were anxious to interview me since i visited that evening.
he thinks that he made a statement and that's the end of it.
isn't it obvious that you will be regarded as the principal suspect?
how would they have restored him to his normal life then?
mr. vole, you must not take such a morbid point of view.
actually, it was a ridiculous sort of hat- a silly thing with ribbons and flowers.
i'm constantly surprised that women's hats do not provoke more murders.
if mr. vole had been sponging off mrs french, why cut off the source of supply?
or, if he'd been hoping for a golden egg, why kill the goose before it was laid?
i have a warrant for your arrest on the charge of murdering emily french.
i must warn you that anything you say may be taken down and used in evidence.
give her a month's pay and kick her down the stairs.
either you take care of yourself or i, too, shall resign.
handle her gently, especially when you tell her of the arrest.
bear in mind she's a foreigner, so prepare for hysterics, even a fainting spell.
my dear mrs. vole, in our courts we accept the evidence of witnesses who speak only bulgarian and who must have an interpreter.
we accept the evidence of deaf-mutes who cannot speak at all, as long as they tell the truth.
i will give him an alibi and i shall be very convincing.
there will be tears in my eyes when i say "leonard came home at 9.26 precisely."
the prosecution will break her down in no time when she's in the witness box.
this case is going to be rather like the charge of the light brigade or one of those japanese suicide pilots.
and it is your charge to say, having heard the evidence, whether he be guilty or not.
members of the jury, by the oath which you have just taken, you have sworn to try this case on the evidence.
i appear in this case with my learned friend, mr. barton, for the prosecution.
and my learned friends sir wilfrid robarts and mr. brogan-moore appear for the defence.
i trust we are not to be deprived of the learned and stimulating presence of sir wilfrid?
my lord, may i assure my learned friend that sir wilfrid is in the old bailey.
you will hear how the prisoner made the acquaintance of mrs. emily french, a woman of 56.
how he was treated by her with kindness and even affection.
on the night of october 14 last, between 9.30 and 10, mrs. french was murdered.
medical testimony will be introduced to prove that death was caused by a blow from a blunt and heavy instrument, and it is the case for the prosecution that the blow was dealt by the prisoner, leonard vole.
from the body temperature and other factors, we placed the time of death at between 9.30 and 10pm, approximately 30 minutes before janet mckenzie returned home and called us.
death was instantaneous, caused by one blow from a heavy and blunt instrument.
there was glass on the floor, and fragments were found outside.
the glass outside was not consistent with the window being forced from the outside.
let us not surmise, sir wilfrid, but confine ourselves to facts.
inspector, when you questioned the prisoner as to the stains on his jacket, did he not show you a recently-healed scar on his wrist,
i've no opinion of companions, poor feckless bodies, afraid of a bit of honest domestic work.
i meant you were on friendly terms, not altogether those of mistress and servant.
i stayed until 20 to 11, then i said good night and i come home.
i went into the sitting room to see if the mistress wanted anything before she went to bed.
i will not allow that question to be answered, mr. myers.
miss mckenzie, were you aware that leonard vole was a married man?
were you aware of the arrangements mrs french made to dispose of her money?
she had her old will revoked and a new one drawn up.
it'll be a wicked injustice if he ever touches a penny of that money.
it is entirely understandable that you are antagonistic to the prisoner.
i swear by almighty god that the evidence i shall give shall be the truth, the whole truth and nothing but the truth.
my lord, i have the most serious objection to this witness being summoned, as she is the wife of the prisoner.
you stated to the police that on the night that mrs. french was murdered,
leonard vole left the house at 7.30 and returned at 25 minutes past 9.
my lord is most gracious, but pray let the witness continue.
we are all of us caught up in the suspense of this horror fiction.
what he has asked me to do i have because i was grateful.
it was not because he was your husband and you loved him?
in this country we are inclined to take a rather more serious view of marriage.
however, it would appear that when you first met the prisoner in hamburg
the question is, frau helm, were you lying then, are you lying now?
or are you not, in fact, a chronic and habitual liar?
my lord, is my learned friend to be allowed to bully and insult the witness?
mr. myers, this is a capital charge and, within the bounds of reason,
among the witnesses you have heard chief inspector hearne, who has given his testimony in a fair and impartial manner, as he always does.
he has put before you a clever theory of how this crime was committed.
whether it is theory or actual fact, however, you will decide for yourselves.
and then you have heard the evidence of janet mckenzie, a worthy and devoted housekeeper who has suffered two most grievous losses.
one, the death of her beloved mistress and, second, in being deprived of an inheritance of £80,000, which she'd fully expected to receive.
i will not comment further on her evidence, but will express only my deepest sympathy for her in both these... mishaps.
and most damaging of all, the prosecution has produced a surprise witness, one christine helm, whom the prisoner brought from the rubble of her homeland to the safety of this country, giving her his love and the protection of his name.
i objected to her testimony because a wife cannot give evidence harmful to her husband.
but it has been proven that her marriage to mr. vole was fraudulent and bigamous.
therefore, her evidence must be admitted and you must consider it.
have you, in fact, concluded your examination of the prisoner, sir wilfrid?
the prisoner has endured three days of profound mental agony and shock.
i am confident that no matter how searching this may be, the prisoner will withstand it.
at the time you made the acquaintance of mrs. french, were you employed?
lamentably, he had not been seen on the night of the murder but one week before.
on the afternoon of october 8, were you not in a travel agency in regent street?
well, the man gave me a funny look because i did look a bit shabby.
anyway, it irritated me, so i kept asking for the swankiest tours, all de luxe and cabin on the boat deck, but it was just an act!
that you left mrs. french's house at the time you say, that you came home at 5 and 20 minutes past 9, and that you did not go out again!
somebody must have seen me in the street or going in the house!
i'm at the buffet at euston station at the far end of the bar.
i'll be here for 30 minutes because that's when me train leaves.
if these letters get the boy off, it's £100 for me, right?
if these letters contain information useful to the defence, i'm prepared to offer £10.
mr. myers, if you are ready, let us have the final address for the prosecution.
my lord, members of the jury, i will be brief in my final speech because i think we've proved so obvious a case of murder against leonard vole, that a verdict of guilty must be the only possible conclusion.
i have anticipated this objection and can meet it with ample precedent.
there is the king versus stillman, reported in the criminal appeal reports of 1926 at page 463.
also, the king versus porter in volume one of the king's bench division reports, 1942 at page 153.
and lastly there is the case of the king versus sullivan in which this issue was raised, which i'm sure your lordship will remember, since you appeared for the prosecution.
"his only hope of an alibi depends on me and me alone."
"suppose i testify that he was not at home with me at the time of the murder..."
leonard stephen vole, you have been found not guilty of the murder of emily jane french on october 14.
you are hereby discharged and are free to leave the court.
"mr. vole." they didn't call me mr. when they charged me.
- i'll go with you, i have your hat and coat.
but i have a ladder in my last pair of nylons.
in case you are not familiar with our prison regulations, no silk stockings.
the idea that i should be a witness, not for my husband, but for the prosecution.
that i should swear leonard was guilty and that you should expose me as a liar because only then would they believe leonard was innocent.
i would then have admitted the crime, retained myself for the defence.
my lord, members of the jury, i hereby enter a plea of justifiable homicide.
mr vole, you must not take such a morbid point of view.
it's just when you say these things are closing in on me, it's like a nightmare.
- i suppose you think i'm a bit of a drifter.
it's true, in a way, but i'm really not like that.
actually, it was a ridiculous sort of hat- a silly thing with ribbons and flowers.
i'm constantly surprised that women's hats do not provoke more murders.
if mr vole had been sponging off mrs french, why cut off the source of supply?
or, if he'd been hoping for a golden egg, why kill the goose before it was laid?
i'm in no condition to cope with emotional wives drenched in tears.
miss plimsoll, how alluring you look, waiting like a hangman on the scaffold.
bear in mind she's a foreigner, so prepare for hysterics, even a fainting spell.
better have smelling salts ready, box of tissues and a nip of brandy.
my dear mrs vole, in our courts we accept the evidence of witnesses who speak only bulgarian and who must have an interpreter.
we accept the evidence of deaf-mutes who cannot speak at all, as long as they tell the truth.
i will give him an alibi and i shall be very convincing.
there will be tears in my eyes when i say "leonard came home at 9.26 precisely."
the prosecution will break her down in no time when she's in the witness box.
this case is going to be rather like the charge of the light brigade or one of those japanese suicide pilots.
â™ª join the party â™ª have a hearty glass of rum â™ª don't ever think about tomorrow â™ª for tomorrow may never come
â™ª when i find me a happy place â™ª that's where i wanna stay â™ª time is nothing as long as i'm living it up this way â™ª i may never go home any more
â™ª dim the lights and start locking the door â™ª give your arms to me give your charms to me â™ª after all that's what sailors are for â™ª i've got kisses and kisses galore
â™ª that have never been tasted before â™ª if you treat me right this could be the night â™ª i may never go home â™ª i may never go home â™ª i may never go home
and it is your charge to say, having heard the evidence, whether he be guilty or not.
members of the jury, by the oath which you have just taken, you have sworn to try this case on the evidence.
i appear in this case with my learned friend, mr barton, for the prosecution.
and my learned friends sir wilfrid robarts and mr brogan-moore appear for the defence.
i trust we are not to be deprived of the learned and stimulating presence of sir wilfrid?
my lord, may i assure my learned friend that sir wilfrid is in the old bailey.
you will hear how the prisoner made the acquaintance of mrs emily french, a woman of 56.
how he was treated by her with kindness and even affection.
on the night of october 14 last, between 9:30 and 10, mrs french was murdered.
medical testimony will be introduced to prove that death was caused by a blow from a blunt and heavy instrument, and it is the case for the prosecution that the blow was dealt by the prisoner, leonard vole.
from the body temperature and other factors, we placed the time of death at between 9:30 and 10 p.m., approximately 30 minutes before janet mckenzie returned home and called us.
death was instantaneous, caused by one blow from a heavy and blunt instrument.
there was glass on the floor, and fragments were found outside.
the glass outside was not consistent with the window being forced from the outside.
let us not surmise, sir wilfrid, but confine ourselves to facts.
inspector, when you questioned the prisoner as to the stains on his jacket, did he not show you a recently-healed scar on his wrist,
well, when i got to my niece's, i found i'd left the pattern behind.
so after supper i slipped back to get it as it was no distance.
i stayed until 20 to 11, then i said good night and i come home.
i went into the sitting room to see if the mistress wanted anything before she went to bed.
i will not allow that question to be answered, mr myers.
miss mckenzie, were you aware that leonard vole was a married man?
were you aware of the arrangements mrs french made to dispose of her money?
she had her old will revoked and a new one drawn up.
it'll be a wicked injustice if he ever touches a penny of that money.
it is entirely understandable that you are antagonistic to the prisoner.
wasn't it possible when you returned home and passed the door, what you really heard was the television and a man and woman's voices and laughter?
there was a play called lover's leap on the television that night.
i swear by almighty god that the evidence i shall give shall be the truth, the whole truth and nothing but the truth.
my lord, i have the most serious objection to this witness being summoned, as she is the wife of the prisoner.
you stated to the police that on the night that mrs french was murdered,
leonard vole left the house at 7:30 and returned at 25 minutes past 9.
if the defence so desires, i will adjourn for a short time so that the prisoner may gain control of himself.
my lord is most gracious, but pray let the witness continue.
that woman, she was a harmless old fool, and he makes of me an accomplice to the murder.
i cannot come into court and swear that he was with me at the time it was done.
my lord, may i also remind my learned friend that his witness, by her own admission, has already violated so many oaths that i am surprised the testament did not leap from her hand when she was sworn here today.
i doubt if anything is to be gained by questioning you any further.
among the witnesses you have heard chief inspector hearne, who has given his testimony in a fair and impartial manner, as he always does.
he has put before you a clever theory of how this crime was committed.
whether it is theory or actual fact, however, you will decide for yourselves.
and then you have heard the evidence of janet mckenzie, a worthy and devoted housekeeper who has suffered two most grievous losses.
one, the death of her beloved mistress and, second, in being deprived of an inheritance of â£80,000, which she'd fully expected to receive.
i will not comment further on her evidence, but will express only my deepest sympathy for her in both these... mishaps.
and most damaging of all, the prosecution has produced a surprise witness, one christine helm, whom the prisoner brought from the rubble of her homeland to the safety of this country, giving her his love and the protection of his name.
i objected to her testimony because a wife cannot give evidence harmful to her husband.
but it has been proven that her marriage to mr vole was fraudulent and bigamous.
therefore, her evidence must be admitted and you must consider it.
the prisoner has endured three days of profound mental agony and shock.
the defence feels his faculties should be spared for the cross-examination by my learned friend for the prosecution.
however, the defence will be pleased to learn that, at the last moment, a witness has come forward, and that the prisoner had been seen wearing this coat and this hat.
lamentably, he had not been seen on the night of the murder but one week before.
on the afternoon of october 8, were you not in a travel agency in regent street?
and did you not make inquiries about prices and schedules of foreign cruises?
we went in for fun and i started asking for folders.
well, the man gave me a funny look because i did look a bit shabby.
and the fact, mr vole, is that we've only your word for it.
that you left mrs french's house at the time you say, that you came home at 5 and 20 minutes past 9, and that you did not go out again!
if i can't stand up to make my final appeal for him, i'll make it sitting down.
if i become short of breath i'll take a pill, or two pills, or all of them and the box too.
i'll be here for 30 minutes because that's when me train leaves.
if you want the lowdown on that german bag, get yourself here.
if these letters get the boy off, it's â£100 for me, right?
if these letters contain information useful to the defence, i'm prepared to offer â£10.
since the defence has called but one witness, the prisoner, it has the right to be heard last.
mr myers, if you are ready, let us have the final address for the prosecution.
i have anticipated this objection and can meet it with ample precedent.
there is the king vs stillman, reported in the criminal appeal reports of 1926 at page 463.
also, the king vs porter in volume one of the king's bench division reports, 1942 at page 153.
and lastly there is the case of the king vs sullivan in which this issue was raised, which i'm sure your lordship will remember, since you appeared for the prosecution.
now, mrs helm, you've been kind enough to identify your letter paper.
now, if you like, i can have an expert identify your handwriting.
"his only hope of an alibi depends on me and me alone."
"suppose i testify that he was not at home with me at the time of the murder, that he came home with blood on his sleeves, and that he even admitted to me that he'd killed her?"
"strange that he always said he would never let me leave him."
"but now, if this succeeds, he will be leaving me because they will take him away forever and i shall be free and yours, my beloved."
leonard stephen vole, you have been found not guilty of the murder of emily jane french on october 14.
you are hereby discharged and are free to leave the court.
"mr vole." they didn't call me mr when they charged me.
- i'll go with you, i have your hat and coat.
i don't mind being called names or pushed around or even kicked in the shin.
but i have a ladder in my last pair of nylons.
the luggage is in the car and we've only 20 minutes to catch the boat train.
this is a nice young lady i met during the trial.
leonard, is this the girl who was with you in the travel bureau?
the girl you said you hardly knew, didn't even know her name?
i would then have admitted the crime, retained myself for the defence.
my lord, members of the jury, i hereby enter a plea of justifiable homicide.
mr vole, you must not take such a morbid point of view.
it's just when you say these things are closing in on me, it's like a nightmare.
- i suppose you think i'm a bit of a drifter.
it's true, in a way, but i'm really not like that.
i'm in no condition to cope with emotional wives drenched in tears.
miss plimsoll, how alluring you look, waiting like a hangman on the scaffold.
bear in mind she's a foreigner, so prepare for hysterics, even a fainting spell.
better have smelling salts ready, box of tissues and a nip of brandy.
we accept the evidence of deaf-mutes who cannot speak at all, as long as they tell the truth.
you're aware that when you're in the witness box you will be sworn
i want to read a portion of the evidence of janet mckenzie, the housekeeper.
"mr vole helped mrs french with her business affairs, particularly her income tax returns. "
and it is your charge to say, having heard the evidence, whether he be guilty or not.
members of the jury, by the oath which you have just taken, you have sworn to try this case on the evidence.
i appear in this case with my learned friend, mr barton, for the prosecution.
and my learned friends sir wilfrid robarts and mr brogan-moore appear for the defence.
i trust we are not to be deprived of the learned and stimulating presence of sir wilfrid?
my lord, may i assure my learned friend that sir wilfrid is in the old bailey.
you will hear how the prisoner made the acquaintance of mrs emily french, a woman of 56.
how he was treated by her with kindness and even affection.
on the night of october 14 last, between 9.30 and 10, mrs french was murdered.
medical testimony will be introduced to prove that death was caused by a blow from a blunt and heavy instrument, and it is the case for the prosecution that the blow was dealt by the prisoner, leonard vole.
from the body temperature and other factors, we placed the time of death at between 9.30 and 10pm, approximately 30 minutes before janet mckenzie returned home and called us.
death was instantaneous, caused by one blow from a heavy and blunt instrument.
there was glass on the floor, and fragments were found outside.
the glass outside was not consistent with the window being forced from the outside.
let us not surmise, sir wilfrid, but confine ourselves to facts.
inspector, when you questioned the prisoner as to the stains on his jacket, did he not show you a recently-healed scar on his wrist,
i've no opinion of companions, poor feckless bodies, afraid of a bit of honest domestic work.
i meant you were on friendly terms, not altogether those of mistress and servant.
i stayed until 20 to 11, then i said good night and i come home.
i went into the sitting room to see if the mistress wanted anything before she went to bed.
i will not allow that question to be answered, mr myers.
miss mckenzie, were you aware that leonard vole was a married man?
were you aware of the arrangements mrs french made to dispose of her money?
she had her old will revoked and a new one drawn up.
it'll be a wicked injustice if he ever touches a penny of that money.
it is entirely understandable that you are antagonistic to the prisoner.
i swear by almighty god that the evidence i shall give shall be the truth, the whole truth and nothing but the truth.
my lord, i have the most serious objection to this witness being summoned, as she is the wife of the prisoner.
you stated to the police that on the night that mrs french was murdered,
leonard vole left the house at 7.30 and returned at 25 minutes past 9.
my lord is most gracious, but pray let the witness continue.
we are all of us caught up in the suspense of this horror fiction.
what he has asked me to do i have because i was grateful.
it was not because he was your husband and you loved him?
in this country we are inclined to take a rather more serious view of marriage.
however, it would appear that when you first met the prisoner in hamburg
the question is, frau helm, were you lying then, are you lying now?
or are you not, in fact, a chronic and habitual liar?
my lord, is my learned friend to be allowed to bully and insult the witness?
mr myers, this is a capital charge and, within the bounds of reason,
among the witnesses you have heard chief inspector hearne, who has given his testimony in a fair and impartial manner, as he always does.
he has put before you a clever theory of how this crime was committed.
whether it is theory or actual fact, however, you will decide for yourselves.
and then you have heard the evidence of janet mckenzie, a worthy and devoted housekeeper who has suffered two most grievous losses.
one, the death of her beloved mistress and, second, in being deprived of an inheritance of $80,000, which she'd fully expected to receive.
i will not comment further on her evidence, but will express only my deepest sympathy for her in both these... mishaps.
and most damaging of all, the prosecution has produced a surprise witness, one christine helm, whom the prisoner brought from the rubble of her homeland to the safety of this country, giving her his love and the protection of his name.
i objected to her testimony because a wife cannot give evidence harmful to her husband.
but it has been proven that her marriage to mr vole was fraudulent and bigamous.
therefore, her evidence must be admitted and you must consider it.
have you, in fact, concluded your examination of the prisoner, sir wilfrid?
the prisoner has endured three days of profound mental agony and shock.
i am confident that no matter how searching this may be, the prisoner will withstand it.
at the time you made the acquaintance of mrs french, were you employed?
lamentably, he had not been seen on the night of the murder but one week before.
on the afternoon of october 8, were you not in a travel agency in regent street?
well, the man gave me a funny look because i did look a bit shabby.
anyway, it irritated me, so i kept asking for the swankiest tours, all de luxe and cabin on the boat deck, but it was just an act!
that you left mrs french's house at the time you say, that you came home at 5 and 20 minutes past 9, and that you did not go out again!
somebody must have seen me in the street or going in the house!
i'm at the buffet at euston station at the far end of the bar.
i'll be here for 30 minutes because that's when me train leaves.
if these letters get the boy off, it's $100 for me, right?
if these letters contain information useful to the defence, i'm prepared to offer $10.
mr myers, if you are ready, let us have the final address for the prosecution.
my lord, members of the jury, i will be brief in my final speech because i think we've proved so obvious a case of murder against leonard vole, that a verdict of guilty must be the only possible conclusion.
i have anticipated this objection and can meet it with ample precedent.
there is the king vs stillman, reported in the criminal appeal reports of 1926 at page 463.
also, the king vs porter in volume one of the king's bench division reports, 1942 at page 153.
and lastly there is the case of the king vs sullivan in which this issue was raised, which i'm sure your lordship will remember, since you appeared for the prosecution.
now, mrs helm, you've been kind enough to identify your letter paper.
now, if you like, i can have an expert identify your handwriting.
"leonard is suspected of murdering the old lady i told you about. "
"his only hope of an alibi depends on me and me alone. "
"suppose i testify that he was not at home with me at the time of the murder, that he came home with blood on his sleeves, and that he even admitted to me that he'd killed her?"
"strange that he always said he would never let me leave him. "
you are hereby discharged and are free to leave the court.
persons with anything more to do before the queen's justices of oyer and terminer and jail delivery for the jurisdiction of the central criminal court may depart the area.
i don't mind being called names or pushed around or even kicked in the shin.
but i have a ladder in my last pair of nylons.
the luggage is in the car and we've only 20 minutes to catch the boat train.
this is a nice young lady i met during the trial.
leonard, is this the girl who was with you in the travel bureau?
the girl you said you hardly knew, didn't even know her name?
i would then have admitted the crime, retained myself for the defence.
my lord, members of the jury, i hereby enter a plea of justifiable homicide.
mr vole, you must not take such a morbid point of view.
it's just when you say these things are closing in on me, it's like a nightmare.
- i suppose you think i'm a bit of a drifter.
it's true, in a way, but i'm really not like that.
actually, it was a ridiculous sort of hat - a silly thing with ribbons and flowers.
i'm constantly surprised that women's hats do not provoke more murders.
if mr vole had been sponging off mrs french, why cut off the source of supply?
or, if he'd been hoping for a golden egg, why kill the goose before it was laid?
i'm in no condition to cope with emotional wives drenched in tears.
miss plimsoll, how alluring you look, waiting like a hangman on the scaffold.
bear in mind she's a foreigner, so prepare for hysterics, even a fainting spell.
better have smelling salts ready, box of tissues and a nip of brandy.
we accept the evidence of deaf-mutes who cannot speak at all, as long as they tell the truth.
you're aware that when you're in the witness box you will be sworn
i want to read a portion of the evidence of janet mckenzie, the housekeeper.
"mr vole helped mrs french with her business affairs, particularly her income tax returns."
and it is your charge to say, having heard the evidence, whether he be guilty or not.
members of the jury, by the oath which you have just taken, you have sworn to try this case on the evidence.
i appear in this case with my learned friend, mr barton, for the prosecution.
and my learned friends sir wilfrid robarts and mr brogan-moore appear for the defence.
i trust we are not to be deprived of the learned and stimulating presence of sir wilfrid?
my lord, may i assure my learned friend that sir wilfrid is in the old bailey.
you will hear how the prisoner made the acquaintance of mrs emily french, a woman of 56.
how he was treated by her with kindness and even affection.
on the night of october 14 last, between 9.30 and 10, mrs french was murdered.
medical testimony will be introduced to prove that death was caused by a blow from a blunt and heavy instrument, and it is the case for the prosecution that the blow was dealt by the prisoner, leonard vole.
inspector, is it your opinion that the assailant, whether he, she or it, had taken mrs french by surprise?
my lord, i am taken by surprise that my learned friend should try to solicit from the witness an opinion, not a fact.
after establishing the cause and the time of death, what did you then do?
a search was made, photographs were taken and the premises fingerprinted.
things were strewn about and the window had been broken near the catch.
there was glass on the floor, and fragments were found outside.
the glass outside was not consistent with the window being forced from the outside.
you're saying that someone made it look as if it had been forced from the outside?
can't we surmise the burglar might have entered a presumably empty house, suddenly encountered mrs french and struck her, then, realising she was dead, fled without taking anything?
i submit, my lord, that it is entirely impossible to guess what went on in the mind of some entirely imaginary burglar.
well, when i got to my niece's, i found i'd left the pattern behind.
so after supper i slipped back to get it as it was no distance.
i stayed until 20 to 1 1, then i said good night and i come home.
i went into the sitting room to see if the mistress wanted anything before she went to bed.
i will not allow that question to be answered, mr myers.
miss mckenzie, were you aware that leonard vole was a married man?
were you aware of the arrangements mrs french made to dispose of her money?
she had her old will revoked and a new one drawn up.
it'll be a wicked injustice if he ever touches a penny of that money.
it is entirely understandable that you are antagonistic to the prisoner.
wasn't it possible when you returned home and passed the door, what you really heard was the television and a man and woman's voices and laughter?
there was a play called lover's leap on the television that night.
my lord, i have the most serious objection to this witness being summoned, as she is the wife of the prisoner.
i call my learned friend's attention to the fact that i summoned not mrs vole, but mrs helm.
i don't see any reason why this witness should not be qualified to give evidence.
you're willing to give evidence against the man you've been calling your husband?
my lord is most gracious, but pray let the witness continue.
we are all of us caught up in the suspense of this horror fiction.
what he has asked me to do i have because i was grateful.
it was not because he was your husband and you loved him?
in this country we are inclined to take a rather more serious view of marriage.
however, it would appear that when you first met the prisoner in hamburg
the question is, frau helm, were you lying then, are you lying now?
or are you not, in fact, a chronic and habitual liar?
my lord, is my learned friend to be allowed to bully and insult the witness?
mr myers, this is a capital charge and, within the bounds of reason,
my lord, members of the jury, the prosecution has very ably presented against the prisoner, leonard vole, a case with the most overwhelming circumstantial evidence.
among the witnesses you have heard chief inspector hearne, who has given his testimony in a fair and impartial manner, as he always does.
he has put before you a clever theory of how this crime was committed.
whether it is theory or actual fact, however, you will decide for yourselves.
and then you have heard the evidence of janet mckenzie, a worthy and devoted housekeeper who has suffered two most grievous losses.
one, the death of her beloved mistress and, second, in being deprived of an inheritance of £80,000, which she'd fully expected to receive.
i will not comment further on her evidence, but will express only my deepest sympathy for her in both these... mishaps.
and most damaging of all, the prosecution has produced a surprise witness, one christine helm, whom the prisoner brought from the rubble of her homeland to the safety of this country, giving her his love and the protection of his name.
i objected to her testimony because a wife cannot give evidence harmful to her husband.
but it has been proven that her marriage to mr vole was fraudulent and bigamous.
we could present, on behalf of the prisoner, witnesses to his character, his war record, the lack of criminal or evil association in his past.
however, only one witness can shed new light on this tragic riddle.
have you, in fact, concluded your examination of the prisoner, sir wilfrid?
the prisoner has endured three days of profound mental agony and shock.
i am confident that no matter how searching this may be, the prisoner will withstand it.
at the time you made the acquaintance of mrs french, were you employed?
lamentably, he had not been seen on the night of the murder but one week before.
on the afternoon of october 8, were you not in a travel agency in regent street?
well, the man gave me a funny look because i did look a bit shabby.
anyway, it irritated me, so i kept asking for the swankiest tours, all de luxe and cabin on the boat deck, but it was just an act!
that you left mrs french's house at the time you say, that you came home at 5 and 20 minutes past 9, and that you did not go out again!
somebody must have seen me in the street or going in the house!
i'll be here for 30 minutes because that's when me train leaves.
if you want the lowdown on that german bag, get yourself here.
if these letters get the boy off, it's £1 00 for me, right?
if these letters contain information useful to the defence, i'm prepared to offer £1 0.
since the defence has called but one witness, the prisoner, it has the right to be heard last.
mr myers, if you are ready, let us have the final address for the prosecution.
i have anticipated this objection and can meet it with ample precedent.
there is the king vs stillman, reported in the criminal appeal reports of 1926 at page 463.
also, the king vs porter in volume one of the king's bench division reports, 1942 at page 1 53.
and lastly there is the case of the king vs sullivan in which this issue was raised, which i'm sure your lordship will remember, since you appeared for the prosecution.
"leonard is suspected of murdering the old lady i told you about."
"his only hope of an alibi depends on me and me alone."
"suppose i testify that he was not at home with me at the time of the murder, that he came home with blood on his sleeves, and that he even admitted to me that he'd killed her?"
"strange that he always said he would never let me leave him."
you are hereby discharged and are free to leave the court.
persons with anything more to do before the queen's justices of oyer and terminer and jail delivery for the jurisdiction of the central criminal court may depart the area.
but i have a ladder in my last pair of nylons.
in case you are not familiar with our prison regulations, no silk stockings.
the idea that i should be a witness, not for my husband, but for the prosecution.
that i should swear leonard was guilty and that you should expose me as a liar because only then would they believe leonard was innocent.
medicine believes that tears are the precious nectar of a human body, which it's more healthful to retain than shed.
how can the poor thing help crying when our life has taken such a sad turn?
our senor read one book - and nothing, he read three and took to thinking, he read seven and said that he should make a knight-errant of himself.
and today at supper, after eating fried eggs with bacon, he renounced his family name of alonso quixano and called himself don quixote of la mancha.
it was his grandfather's, the shield - his great-grandfather's, and this...
uncle showed these antiquities to me when i was a little girl.
both look so healthy, only very skinny, just like your worship.
forgive me, the ignorant girl, i'm so happy i don't know what i'm saying.
listen, then, to what will be written about you and me if tomorrow at dawn we set out from the village in quest of great deeds and adventures.
"scarce had the rubicund apollo spread o'er the face of the broad spacious earth the golden threads of his bright hair, scarce had the little birds attuned their notes to hail the coming of the rosy dawn..."
in a book about the feats of knight amadis of gaul,
i found a recipe for a magic balsam that makes the armour unpierceable.
i'll make you governor of the very first island i win.
before a month is over, you'll be governing your own island.
you must understand that this rut was dug by the claws of a magician named friston.
we'll have many a meeting with him, but never will i step back or quaver.
i swear by all the saints that i'll pay my dear andres!
may i burn in hell if he should say a word against me after that!
he is not going to ruin his immortal soul for the sake of a farthing.
never before in my life has anyone ever stood up for me.
you will go to the peerless and beautiful dulcinea del toboso, fall on your knees before her,
and tell her, the lady of my heart, about the feat i've performed in her honour.
my poor uncle imagined it was not a barber's basin but a magic helmet.
and why, why did our senor drive away the honourable pilgrims that were carrying a statue of madonna, repenting for their sins and diligently flogging themselves?
our senor fell in love with a high-born lady by name of dulcinea del toboso!
my father comes from toboso, he says he saw such a lady as a child.
he knocks down people in her honour, no matter what their title or rank.
and he pines for her all nights long, and composes songs for her.
excuse my audacity, senor, but where's that island where i'm going to be governor?
we keep on fighting and fighting, but no reward is in sight.
as long as there's a cripple, there will be no want of offenders.
he who is weakened, will be the first to be kicked at.
if those guests refuse our services too, we'll be in dire straits.
we can't be reduced to the shame of paying, like some old hags, for lodging and supper with our own money.
the noble master of the castle sent those highborn maidens to meet us.
senoritas, if you are ever in need of a knight to protect your innocence, just command and i will die guarding your honour.
i'm not afraid of a new jester, for there're no new jokes in the world.
there're jokes about digestion, there're hints at vices, there's some rudeness about women's tricks.
senor, i left my dapple in the middle of the yard.
those courtiers are darting about, and once he was stolen already.
and no one, except myself, knows how beautiful she is, and how unhappy.
your highness, that don quixote is not so crazed as he appears.
how on earth could you find giants in your pitiful la mancha which can't even feed a dwarf?
who allowed you to roam the world, confusing with your fantasies simple- minded people and making the judicious ones laugh?
if i were on a horse, i might have not heard your complaints.
and riding on an ass is the same as walking on foot.
i'll go as high as the duke, as the king himself!
and if they refuse me, i'll get up to the heaven!
everything was peaceful and quiet, until i guess it was the devil who prompted me to boast that i had sold those... four pigs.
and the senora demanded that i gave her the purse with all my money.
oh, it won't be an easy task to bring you back to human form.
and the main problem is that if i ordered to flog you all, there'd be many who wished to help me.
oh, sancho, sancho, it's hard for me to do without you.
i dropped a needle and i can't find the accursed thing.
it's a pity that i cannot challenge death to a duel.
i would have gladly fought with it and forced it to correct this cruel injustice.
i would have made it take my life instead of yours, so young.
at least one thing may be of solace to you, that the true love is immortal.
you've persuaded us, beyond any doubt, that virtuous deeds are ridiculous,
faithfulness is amusing, and love is just a whim of inflamed imagination.
happy were the days when i only cared about fixing your halter and filling up your belly.
i wish my poor senor had never taught me to care about humans.
you keep looking for magicians and knights, but only the ignorant and shameless come your way.
save for you and me, one won't find in all spain a single worthless knight-errant.
dulcinea del toboso is the most beautiful woman in the world!
i'll never renounce that truth, though i'm powerless to defend it.
i have only one demand, and that is for the great don quixote to retire to his village for the term i'll designate.
i won and, according to the law of knight-errantry, you can't refuse me and must obey!
and after that, my master had beaten me so severely that since then i've been dreaming only of being chastised.
may the lord punish your worship and all the knights in the world!
medicine believes that tears are the precious nectar of a human body, which it's more healthful to retain than shed.
how can the poor thing help cying when our life has taken such a sad turn?
our senor read one book - and nothing, he read three and took to thinking, he read seven and said that he should make a knight-errant of himself.
and today at supper, arer eating fried eggs with bacon, he renounced his family name ofalonso quixano and called himself don quixote of la mancha.
it was his grandfather's, the shield - his great-grandfather's, and this...
uncle showed these antiquities to me when i was a little girl.
both look so healthy, only vey skinny, just like your worship.
forgive me, the ignorant girl, i'm so happy i don't know what i'm saying.
say to me a few words in your knightly language and i think i'll agree.
listen, then, to what will be written about you and me iftomorrow at dawn we set out from the village in quest of great deeds and adventures.
in a book about the feats of knight amadis of gaul, i found a recipe for a magic balsam that makes the armour unpierceable.
i brewed it and rubbed a whole bottle of it into the helmet!
and he gives me a silly and impertinent answer: "why me?"
you must understand that this rut was dug by the claws of a magician named friston.
your master swore by all the saints that he wouldn't hurt you.
he is not going to ruin his immortal soul for the sake of a farthing.
i would have given him my old one absolutely voluntarily, just for three reals.
my poor uncle imagined it was not a barber's basin but a magic helmet.
we reasoned it must be her daughter, or even granddaughter, because our senor has fallen madly in love with her.
he knocks down people in her honour, no matter what their title or rank.
and he pines for her all nights long, and composes songs for her.
and he speaks of her so tenderly as though she were a child or a bird.
we keep on fighting and fighting, but no reward is in sight.
am i to blame for friston having maimed human souls more terribly than i had believed while staying at home?
for what offences are you now in such a sory case, poor man?
for being a lover. i loved a washerwoman's basket of clean linen.
yes, i'm too tender. i couldn't bear torture and said yes instead of no.
and just one short word gave me 6 years in the galleys.
as long as there's a cripple, there will be no want of offenders.
he who is weakened, will be the first to be kicked at.
who is feeble and diseased will make even a hare displeased.
no, when i'm a governor... i seem to hear you as if from far off, so much ringing there is in my ears.
senor, those who cudgeled us were masters oftheir trade, that's why you're imagining things.
lfthose guests refuse our services too, we'll be in dire straits.
we can't be reduced to the shame of paying, like some old hags, for lodging and supper with our own money.
the noble master ofthe castle sent those highborn maidens to meet us.
hush, you fools, you'll scare him off and spoil the fun.
all this is vey good, senor knight, the only bad thing is that there's no spare room in the inn.
the daughter ofthe count was fighting for me like a knight!
your worship, she's not the daughter ofthe count, she's a laundress.
i'm not afraid of a newjester, for there're no newjokes in the world.
there're jokes about digestion, there're hints at vices, there's some rudeness about women's tricks.
and no one, except myself, knows how beautiful she is, and how unhappy.
your highness, that don quixote is not so crazed as he appears.
how on earth could you find giants in your pitiful la mancha which can't even feed a dwarf?
who allowed you to roam the world, confusing with your fantasies simple- minded people and making the judicious ones laugh?
if i were on a horse, i might have not heard your complaints.
and riding on an ass is the same as walking on foot.
had you defended your honour with at least halfthe energy you displayed saving the purse, even a giant wouldn't have been equal to the task.
god be with you or, rather, go to the devil and don't stop.
and ifyou understand and see the difference, why aren't you living by truth and justice?
oh, it won't be an easy task to bring you back to human form.
and the main problem is that if i ordered to flog you all, there'd be many who wished to help me.
but if i had ordered to caress and encourage you, there would be no one to do it.
"l'll remain faithful to dulcinea del toboso till my dying day."
but i can't pronounce those noble words with a hole in my stocking.
it's a pity that i cannot challenge death to a duel.
i would have gladly fought with it and forced it to correct this cruel injustice.
i would have made it take my life instead ofyours, so young.
at least one thing may be of solace to you, that the true love is immortal.
i wish my poor senor had never taught me to care about humans.
it always comes to the lucky ones whacking you and the luckless remaining with their misfortunes.
but i'll never believe you, villain, however hard you might swirl me!
and i can see, i can see that love, loyalty and mercy will conquer all!
may the beauty of dulcinea del toboso blossom in all its gloy!
i have only one demand, and that is for the great don quixote to retire to his village for the term i'll designate.
as a middle-aged man should, to maintain a philosophical attitude in evey situation.
once you achieve a philosophical serenity, you will have attained a genuine freedom.
no, it wasn't in vain that i roamed the world fighting!
i saved the boy from flogging, and he didn't forget it, though so much time has passed since.
you may remember me as you wish, as your soul would bid you.
i may even not remain in your memoy as don quixote of la mancha.
say to me at least one word in your knightly language, and you'll make me the happiest man in the world.
fighting tirelessly, we will live up, sancho, to see the golden age.
well, what i mean is we let ourselves go off the deep end.
we've managed to get away with it so far, but it's only a matter of time until we're found out.
i found her no different than any of the other girls in any of my classes.
now really, bob, none of the other girls got themselves murdered.
well, personally, i don't buy the idea it was the murderer anyway.
no reason for him to come back as i can see.
well, sorry i woke you up, professor, but we have to check out these things.
we're assigning a police woman to mrs. davidson until her husband gets in.
sorry to disturb you, professor, but she was one of your students and i'm talking to all the teachers.
now, if you'll be so good as to tell us all you know about her, her background, reputation, the men in her life.
i understand there was a lot of these college boys hanging around her, professor.
the trouble is, this place is full of college boys, if you know what i mean.
he's due to come back to the states in a month and not one day sooner.
i told him not to be surprised if i'm a complete nervous wreck when he gets here.
you've been working too hard and you don't get enough exercise.
why don't you go to the men's gym tonight and play some badminton?
no reason for him to come back as i can see.
no, the person who did it is sitting tight, waiting, hoping that we'll walk around him.
i think the time has come to lam out of here.
suppose you take this opportunity to escape, until next time, of course.
well, there's obviously going to be some publicity about all this.
i wanted to keep carla's name out of it if possible.
i found your daughter's car out where she left it on the road.
the ground under the car was wet so she had the flat tyre after it rained.
there's also some footprints in the mud, tracks leading from the car to your house.
mrs. adrian, your daughter couldn't have got in till after 1 at the earliest.
took possession of one pair of ladies shoes, one ladies blouse, torn.
one gold compact with broken mirror, engraved, 'mark to carla with love."'
because it was near the car, it could just as well have thrown from--
from the tracks that lead from this house through the cushing place.
what made you think of this licence number stuff in the first place?
well, any woman friendly enough to be at mark cushing's place at 2:00 in the morning is certain to attend his funeral.
so you figure that by checking all the cars that were at bear valley the day of the murder against those who were at the funeral today, we might hit pay dirt.
well, it's not foolproof, paul, but it's certainly worth the effort.
in a word, she was uncooperative, antagonistic, very angry, and just wouldn't talk.
well, with the stimulation of a little folding money, the night clerk just talked his head off.
now, we already know that she registered at the bear valley inn at 3:20, and it's a three-hour drive.
she could've been up there for almost two hours before she checked in.
you'll never convince me she was hired just to dust the furniture.
miss fleming, will you please tell the court exactly what your position was in mark cushing's home?
well, i checked on that phone call to marion keats i told you about.
it was made on an outside pay booth at a service station near mark cushing's place.
the only trouble is, the service station was closed and we can't find out who put it through.
when the sheriff's men went over carla's car, they found a fresh print they can't account for.
and then, of course, i could see cushing, sitting there in the chair, and the blood.
and you could see where he'd been watching movies with somebody, the way the chairs were and the ashtrays.
your honour, this witness has suppressed information and i'm not going to defend his conduct.
in fact, i'll state frankly to mr. mason that i'm not going to interpose any objections to his cross-examination of this witness.
in that event, your honour, i'll let this conclude our case.
we're only attempting here, after all, to present sufficient evidence for the court to bind the defendant over for trial and i feel we've certainly done that.
well, my client knows absolutely nothing about this case, yet mr. mason called on her completely unannounced.
and when she refused to grant him an interview, he served her with a summons as an act of personal revenge.
now, there is nothing that mr. mason can elicit from this witness, and in forcing her to appear in this session of the court, she has been exposed to unfavourable publicity merely to create a diversion to distract attention from the defendant.
i submit, your honour, that this act constitutes a contempt of this court.
put miss keats on the stand, let me ask her five questions, and we'll find out how much she knows about this case.
mr. mason, the court feels that you should be warned that if the charge made by mr. lansing is proved, the court will regard it with exceeding gravity.
now, miss keats, don't be in any hurry to answer the questions.
the district attorney will probably object to most of them and i will object to all of them.
miss keats, i think you're acquainted with nora fleming, cook and housekeeper employed by mark cushing?
objected to as incompetent, irrelevant and immaterial, and having no bearing on the issue in this case.
and i object, your honour, on the ground that counsel has no well-defined objective in mind and is merely on a fishing expedition.
mr. mason, this objection has now formally put before the court the charge that you have no definite object in mind in using this witness.
now, i expect to show that nora fleming did so telephone marion keats last friday night.
and that marion keats immediately drove up here, where she was joined by nora fleming.
and that together, they came upon on abandoned car belonging to carla adrian.
and that either marion keats or nora fleming then walked from carla adrian's car to the cushing lodge at about 2:30 in the morning.
your honour, perhaps mr. lansing would like to continue his argument that i am abusing the due process of this court.
that i have no definite plan, et cetera, et cetera, et cetera.
then friday night when she did, i went up and met her.
i wanted to use her key, you see, so i could get in without...
however, due to circumstances which have come as a complete surprise to me,
i now find myself representing a witness who could be charged with a crime.
there is one thing i could bring out, your honour, and it might help our conference.
i'd like to call sam burris back to the stand at this time.
now, then, i believe you testified earlier that you heard the sound of breaking glass, a shot, and later, a scream.
and that the interval between the shot and the scream was as much as, oh, say, ten or 15 minutes?
now, it seems to me that you also testified earlier with regard to what you found when you went to cushing's to investigate.
you found "you could see where he'd been watching movies with somebody, the way the chairs were and the ashtrays, there with the glass with lipstick on it," and so on.
well, he knew the pistol was in your car, so he took it while you were in cushing's place.
after you left, he went over there, shot cushing, broke some glass, went back home, went to bed, and he woke his wife, and told her he'd just heard a shot and some glass breaking.
the fact that marion keats screamed, well, that was pure velvet.
mr. mason, were you surprised when you found i didn't do it?
here i finally feel as free as i did in possenhofen.
in austria, it would be impossible for me to ride unattended.
the father of count batthyani was executed with 13 other generals after the suppression of the rebellion.
that is why countess batthyani made her son take an oath never to speak to the emperor and to refuse to show him any kind of respect.
your majesty would honor me by being a guest in my castle?
i am looking forward to it, but please keep it informal.
i am left with no choice but to tell you what i would have preferred not to voice.
i have come upon letters from people of absolute integrity, which all report that count andrassy is in love with elisabeth.
he is allowed to appear at the castle without prior announcement, and he sends elisabeth flowers every day, just as the gentlemen at the theatres usually do when they are having their affairs.
mother, i beg you to hold off comparisons of this kind.
i beg you, mama, not to surround the empress with spies in the future.
so you are not planning on calling her back to vienna?
when one was once so close to becoming the empress of austria, it is not really difficult to understand.
did she not have any inhibitions about seeing franz joseph again?
your majesty, in these hours i was hungarian myself, and in heaven.
and the count wants to deprive me of such a thing.
i am happy to welcome your majesty in my modest home.
may i introduce a few of my guests to your majesty, who did not yet get the honor to be introduced to your majesty?
when i came with mama to lschl to be engaged to you,
i did not know more about you than that you were handsome and that you were the emperor of austria.
you have no idea how unhappy i was when i realized that you loved sissi and not me.
i thought that i would not be able to live anymore.
the only thing i knew was that everything fell apart inside of me.
i know that i'm not really supposed to tell you all this.
your majesty, one guest is still present, but i will make sure that he'll disappear right away.
sir, will you please leave the room as soon as possible?
i certainly agree with you that everything has to be done to avoid another war.
why doesn't anybody want to tell me what is wrong with me?
because the doctors are not sure yet, but i'm sure it's nothing serious, your majesty.
why, then, has dr. seeburger summoned a council of four professors?
it is my duty to tell your imperial highness the truth.
the professors demand an immediate change of climate but even then there's very little hope for a full recovery.
but nevertheless, you have to consider that every one of her kisses is contagious, and that the child must be protected from her kisses, too.
you also have to consider other things, franz, even though it appears heartless to talk about it.
you have no right to think of yourself, but only of the dynasty and your house.
you have told me that 100 times already, and i wish you would not have renounced.
i will go where the doctors send me and do everything they ask me to do.
and always remember that i don't want to make you unhappy, because you love me.
yes, his majesty instructed the gardener here to bring your majesty the most beautiful flowers every day.
if i only knew what i could do to bring the emperor joy.
i just didn't want to write you to come because of the long journey.
but, my child, i would have come to you even if you would have been 10 times as far away, because i know that you need me now.
i spend the entire day lying here, and all i know is the view out on the ocean.
yes, that is what i have thought, and that's why i'm here.
i was always very sick, but he was reveling in it.
i don't think there is anything more beautiful and exciting than the ocean.
"i hadn't written to you about my plans to travel to greece, because i was afraid that you would have not approved out of concern about my health.
but the journey did me very well, and i am happy to be here.
but you and the little one should be here as well, of course.
i have found a charming house that i want to buy and decorate with antique greek art."
for example, if the reunion is combined with an official visit to milan and vienna, that would be a great move concerning the relations between austria and italy.
even your majesty once chose to say that the charm of her majesty is of more use to the country than the army with all its generals.
in austria, it would be impossible for me to ride unattended.
there would be at least 20 secret police officers hiding behind the trees and bushes, making sure nothing bad happened.
that is why countess batthyani made her son take an oath never to speak to the emperor and to refuse to show him any kind of respect.
did he also take an oath to stay away from his queen?
i have heard that the hungarians can celebrate better than any other nation.
yes, but when hungarians celebrate, it mostly ends up in a so-called "mulatschak."
the two of them go riding together for hours without any company.
he is allowed to appear at the castle without prior announcement, and he sends elisabeth flowers every day, just as the gentlemen at the theatres usually do when they are having their affairs.
she is the purest being that i know and a person of character.
i beg you, mama, not to surround the empress with spies in the future.
so you are not planning on calling her back to vienna?
by no means, even though i long for her day and night.
i will not leave here until you have promised me that you will not marry henriette mendel.
if that is all, then it is easy for me to do.
i am very pleased to be invited to your beautiful castle, count andrassy.
i am happy to welcome your majesty in my modest home.
but i didn't know it affected you so much back then.
i thought it was a combination of our mothers who wanted to marry us without asking us.
i did not know more about you than that you were handsome and that you were the emperor of austria.
but then i saw you and got to know you better, and i felt that i could be happy with you.
i thought that i would not be able to live anymore.
the only thing i knew was that everything fell apart inside of me.
i have loved your majesty from the first moment i faced your majesty.
i would never have said it but your majesty ordered me to.
the relations between austria and italy are momentarily not the best, your majesty.
that is why everything that could make matters worse must be avoided, especially since austria has been completely isolated since the last war.
i'm sorry, excellency, that i couldn't follow your report as well as i would have liked to.
i certainly agree with you that everything has to be done to avoid another war.
why doesn't anybody want to tell me what is wrong with me?
because the doctors are not sure yet, but i'm sure it's nothing serious, your majesty.
it is my duty to tell your imperial highness the truth.
the professors demand an immediate change of climate but even then there's very little hope for a full recovery.
sissi is alive, and with god's help she will become healthy again.
and if the almighty wants to take the dearest thing i have in this world away from me, then i will never, never ever get married again!
the doctor has given me permission to get up for an hour.
i wanted to cheer you up and come and visit you.
she needs somebody to build her up, to encourage her, to give her a new will to live.
i know for sure that i could help her very much now.
yes, but i do not really know anything of madeira yet.
i spend the entire day lying here, and all i know is the view out on the ocean.
i was always very sick, but he was reveling in it.
i don't think there is anything more beautiful and exciting than the ocean.
if one considers that all this was built 500 years before christ's birth...
what kind of artists, what kind of builders must they have been?
but the journey did me very well, and i am happy to be here.
but you and the little one should be here as well, of course.
even your majesty once chose to say that the charm of her majesty is of more use to the country than the army with all its generals.
yes, but excellence seems to forget that her majesty has just recovered from a very grave sickness, and therefore might not be able to cope with the stress of a representative journey.
we will have a beautiful presentation in the scala of milan.
afterwards, a reception with a good meal, and everything will be just fine.
in austria, it would be impossible for me to ride unattended.
there would be at least 20 secret police officers hiding behind the trees and bushes, making sure nothing bad happened.
that is why countess batthyani made her son take an oath never to speak to the emperor and to refuse to show him any kind of respect.
did he also take an oath to stay away from his queen?
i have heard that the hungarians can celebrate better than any other nation.
yes, but when hungarians celebrate, it mostly ends up in a so-called "mulatschak."
the two of them go riding together for hours without any company.
he is allowed to appear at the castle without prior announcement, and he sends elisabeth flowers every day,
just as the gentlemen at the theatres usually do when they are having their affairs.
mother, i beg you to hold off comparisons of this kind.
i beg you, mama, not to surround the empress with spies in the future.
so you are not planning on calling her back to vienna?
when one was once so close to becoming the empress of austria, it is not really difficult to understand.
did she not have any inhibitions about seeing franz joseph again?
your majesty, in these hours i was hungarian myself, and in heaven.
and the count wants to deprive me of such a thing.
i am happy to welcome your majesty in my modest home.
may i introduce a few of my guests to your majesty, who did not yet get the honor to be introduced to your majesty?
when i came with mama to ischl to be engaged to you,
i did not know more about you than that you were handsome and that you were the emperor of austria.
you have no idea how unhappy i was when i realized that you loved sissi and not me.
i thought that i would not be able to live anymore.
the only thing i knew was that everything fell apart inside of me.
i know that i'm not really supposed to tell you all this.
your majesty, one guest is still present, but i will make sure that he'll disappear right away.
sir, will you please leave the room as soon as possible?
i certainly agree with you that everything has to be done to avoid another war.
why doesn't anybody want to tell me what is wrong with me?
because the doctors are not sure yet, but i'm sure it's nothing serious, your majesty.
why, then, has dr. seeburger summoned a council of four professors?
i will allow her majesty to get out of bed today for at least an hour.
i am afraid that a terrible depression could come on top of everything, which would make the condition of the poor patient worse.
but nevertheless, you have to consider that every one of her kisses is contagious, and that the child must be protected from her kisses, too.
you also have to consider other things, franz, even though it appears heartless to talk about it.
you have no right to think of yourself, but only of the dynasty and your house.
don't forget the sacrifices i made to keep the dynasty of habsburg.
i will go where the doctors send me and do everything they ask me to do.
and always remember that i don't want to make you unhappy, because you love me.
yes, his majesty instructed the gardener here to bring your majesty the most beautiful flowers every day.
if i only knew what i could do to bring the emperor joy.
i just didn't want to write you to come because of the long journey.
but, my child, i would have come to you even if you would have been 10 times as far away, because i know that you need me now.
i spend the entire day lying here, and all i know is the view out on the ocean.
yes, that is what i have thought, and that's why i'm here.
i could stand here for hours and look at the ocean.
i would love to take a long, long trip across the ocean.
"i hadn't written to you about my plans to travel to greece, because i was afraid that you would have not approved out of concern about my health.
but the journey did me very well, and i am happy to be here.
but you and the little one should be here as well, of course.
i have found a charming house that i want to buy and decorate with antique greek art."
even your majesty once chose to say that the charm of her majesty is of more use to the country than the army with all its generals.
yes, but excellence seems to forget that her majesty has just recovered from a very grave sickness, and therefore might not be able to cope with the stress of a representative journey.
we will have a beautiful presentation in the scala of milan.
afterwards, a reception with a good meal, and everything will be just fine.
here i finally feel as free as i did in possenhofen.
in austria, it would be impossible for me to ride unattended.
the father of count batthyani was executed with 13 other generals after the suppression of the rebellion.
that is why countess batthyani made her son take an oath never to speak to the emperor and to refuse to show him any kind of respect.
your majesty would honor me by being a guest in my castle?
i am looking forward to it, but please keep it informal.
i am left with no choice but to tell you what i would have preferred not to voice.
i have come upon letters from people of absolute integrity, which all report that count andrassy is in love with elisabeth.
he is allowed to appear at the castle without prior announcement, and he sends elisabeth flowers every day, just as the gentlemen at the theatres usually do when they are having their affairs.
mother, i beg you to hold off comparisons of this kind.
i beg you, mama, not to surround the empress with spies in the future.
so you are not planning on calling her back to vienna?
when one was once so close to becoming the empress of austria, it is not really difficult to understand.
did she not have any inhibitions about seeing franz joseph again?
your majesty, in these hours i was hungarian myself, and in heaven.
and the count wants to deprive me of such a thing.
i am happy to welcome your majesty in my modest home.
may i introduce a few of my guests to your majesty, who did not yet get the honor to be introduced to your majesty?
when i came with mama to ischl to be engaged to you,
i did not know more about you than that you were handsome and that you were the emperor of austria.
you have no idea how unhappy i was when i realized that you loved sissi and not me.
i thought that i would not be able to live anymore.
the only thing i knew was that everything fell apart inside of me.
i know that i'm not really supposed to tell you all this.
your majesty, one guest is still present, but i will make sure that he'll disappear right away.
sir, will you please leave the room as soon as possible?
i certainly agree with you that everything has to be done to avoid another war.
why doesn't anybody want to tell me what is wrong with me?
because the doctors are not sure yet, but i'm sure it's nothing serious, your majesty.
why, then, has dr. seeburger summoned a council of four professors?
i will allow her majesty to get out of bed today for at least an hour.
i am afraid that a terrible depression could come on top of everything, which would make the condition of the poor patient worse.
but nevertheless, you have to consider that every one of her kisses is contagious, and that the child must be protected from her kisses, too.
you also have to consider other things, franz, even though it appears heartless to talk about it.
you have no right to think of yourself, but only of the dynasty and your house.
don't forget the sacrifices i made to keep the dynasty of habsburg.
i will go where the doctors send me and do everything they ask me to do.
and always remember that i don't want to make you unhappy, because you love me.
yes, his majesty instructed the gardener here to bring your majesty the most beautiful flowers every day.
if i only knew what i could do to bring the emperor joy.
i just didn't want to write you to come because of the long journey.
but, my child, i would have come to you even if you would have been 10 times as far away, because i know that you need me now.
i spend the entire day lying here, and all i know is the view out on the ocean.
yes, that is what i have thought, and that's why i'm here.
i could stand here for hours and look at the ocean.
i would love to take a long, long trip across the ocean.
"i hadn't written to you about my plans to travel to greece, because i was afraid that you would have not approved out of concern about my health.
but the journey did me very well, and i am happy to be here.
but you and the little one should be here as well, of course.
i have found a charming house that i want to buy and decorate with antique greek art."
for example, if the reunion is combined with an official visit to milan and vienna, that would be a great move concerning the relations between austria and italy.
even your majesty once chose to say that the charm of her majesty is of more use to the country than the army with all its generals.
forgive me, your eminence, that i did not greet you first, but i did not know whether i would see my child again in this lifetime, and i was so happy about it.
blessed are the people whose hearts overflow with joy, because this joy comes from god.
his pride proves he's made of good stuff, but he has never had to face responsibilities.
it might help you too, diego, if you would set him an example and take a greater part in the affairs of the pueblo, to serve the community.
a famous poet once said that, "they also serve, who only stand and wait."
i sent my only son away to military school expecting they would send me back a fighter.
if you will not join me in a drink, perhaps you'll join in a game of bruja?
well, i have a dependable life that satisfies all my needs.
i will not sit with you now, i will not when i'm finished, not tomorrow or the day after.
for the last time, i will not sit with you at all!
oh, uh, i imagine you played well when you were a child.
i do not know about your skill, ramon, but someone once told me that brandy and cards do not mix.
i do not care who invented the game, i only play it.
well, i was not speaking of the game, i'm speaking of the cards themselves.
may i ask, senor, what you intend doing with the rancho santii?
yes, you may ask, but i am not prepared yet to answer.
he tells me he is in the market to buy land.
you mean, by denying us water, he hopes to force us to sell our land?
ramon may have hurt us, but remember, gentlemen, he lost everything he owns, a considerable punishment.
since the king's magistrate does not intend to defend us against urista, there is no point in this discussion.
you know, sergeant, one of my first acts as comandante of monterey will be to set up a procedure of daily inspections of the men and their quarters.
and woe be to the man whose bed is not made or whose boots are not shined.
why don't you offer your kerchief as a token, or memento.
the first one that strikes the straw man squarely with his lance wins the prize.
oh, it's a secret and, uh, yet you know it, huh?
well, you see, uh, the fair miiana has received a love letter, signed "zorro."
what does this have to do with miiana's receiving a love letter?
well, i was just about to, uh, suggest that you and anna maria take a stroll in the moonlight this evening.
you are one of the finest swordsmen i have ever met.
next week, a score of surprises awaits you when the walt disney studio presents zorro.
and if they cannot get them from spain, then we know they will trade with the enemy.
they will lose faith and this colony wil be lost to spain for all time to come.
believe me, senor, this has been most uncomfortable for me, to come here to monterey, to question your motives and your integrity.
but the people of los angeles, they placed their faith in me, and, well, i had to be sure.
i will instruct sergeant garcia to turn over the money to you.
i am sorry to bother you, father, but the lieutenant is here.
especially since diego has decided to turn over the money from the los angeles area.
well, apparently he has decided you are not a bandit or a cheat after all.
always, since i was a little girl, he has promised he would take me to spain.
with conditions as they are, with spain at war, running the blockade is a dangerous thing.
i would iike to ride with you as far as my home in santa cruz.
you will have an extra sword for half of the way.
not only to keep the road clear, but to keep from arousing suspicion.
after all, a detail of soldiers guarding a gentleman and his daughter is rather unusual.
i pray for the best, but am prepared for the worst.
let us hope there will be no need to use it, senor.
probably it is nothing, but i think there can be no harm in your keeping your pistol ready.
i think lieutenant santos and i should stand guard, at ieast until the other soldiers arrive.
we had no sooner said hello than it was time to say goodbye.
i was supposed to meet you at san pedro harbor when your ship arrived from monterey, but...
you see, i am one of those unfortunates who suffers from seasickness.
but you were only to meet the ship, not sail aboard it.
uncle's carriage met me there and brought me to his hacienda.
you know, i would not have believed it possible, but you are even more lovely than i remember.
we must find out who has it and devise a scheme to get it away from them.
i have managed to do this before and never found it difficult.
i'm afraid you will find there are problems here peculiar to los angeles.
i have no desire to remain in your charming pueblo for any length of time.
the longer i am here, the more chance there is someone will recognize me.
may i suggest, as soon as i am settled in my quarters, we start making definite plans?
if we had not chanced to meet, we would have chanced to meet elsewhere.
ever since i left monterey l've been looking forward to seeing you again.
if he did not want you, he wouldn't have invited you.
and since you are here, he'd want you to enjoy his hospitality.
he started with almost nothing, just a mud hut and some public land.
he started as nothing, and so far as i'm concerned, he will always be nothing.
just the same, he now owns a splendid herd of cattle and he's built a fine home for his family.
you may not believe this, don carlos, but in the last year,
the man in question was found guilty of trespassing and he refused to pay his fine, so consequently, i was forced to sentence him to six months' hard labor.
no matter what his crime was, he should not be whipped and treated like an animal!
senorita cortez, a lady of your position should not interest herself in such things.
i realize that the punishment of criminals sometimes seems harsh, but how else can we protect society from thieves and murderers who prey on us?
when you were a boy you wouldn't have stood by while a man was tortured.
you're not half the man you were when you were only ten years old!
out of respect to the de la vega name, i will permit it.
maria, was that the first time the sergeant said he expected a messenger with his pay?
don diego, this line of questioning is trivial and it serves no useful purpose.
the charge is one of the most serious known to our laws, assault upon a king's messenger upon a king's highway.
and after hearing all the evidence, i find that charge conclusively proved.
prisoner, it is now my duty to pass upon you the sentence which the law prescribes.
but he got you in here by throwing that rock through your window.
i have been thinking about that and thinking about that, and the more i think about it, the more i am sure it was not zorro.
he was severely injured, but his orders were to return, and he is doing so.
your excellency, in the name of justice i ask that the execution be postponed for 2 4 hours.
i am the king's magistrate and i am justice in this town.
and, senor, you, from all i can learn, you are an idle young man who never before has concerned himself with more than the cut of his clothes or the tuning of his guitar.
if we could find out what it was, it might tell us their next move.
we will have to wait and find out when it comes.
i will not have to weaken the garrison by sending out a full escort of soldiers.
i think the sight of this alone will frighten away a bandido.
i am to send the key to the governor in monterey.
then, when the key is safely in the governor's hands, we will send the box.
well, saivio, as soon as i have received word from the governor,
i will send some of my iancers to move the box out into the plaza.
is he a man of great wealth, a reckless imposter or a common thief?
but that is not the reason i showed you the jewels.
letting a simple flesh wound keep you from doing a little digging.
think of the size of the hole i'm going to have to dig for me.
if they knew we robbed spanish soldiers, we would swing like so many dried peppers.
but if the two soldiers simply disappear, how can anyone be blamed?
i wanted to hire a man to protect you and the other couriers.
that one, my former servant, recommended this one, and i hired him and sent him here.
that chicken is to be our supper, and i had a nice visit with nacho!
and my wife and daughter have been released with the explanation from the capitan that they were merely held as hostages until my return.
diego, when i surrendered to the governor, i told the truth.
he sent me back here under orders to monastario i was to be tried on the 1 4th, tomorrow.
a reception is being prepared for judge vasca, it is necessary to delay him until morning.
i cannot keep him here if he does not wish to stay.
it has developed into an eating contest between vasca and garcia!
for the sake of my father and nacho torres, let's hope the judge wins!
i intend to allow no brawling or disorderly conduct by any man.
i knew it was a mistake to return to los angeles.
senores, i thank you for your welcome and will endeavor to deserve it.
in this pueblo, law and order will prevail, with equality and justice for all.
then if you still wish to speak to the magistrado, i will not stop you.
you have seen strange things today, things you do not understand, but would you question them if you knew zorro did them?
but how do we find the man who is guilty, don diego?
so just as i planned it, the pretty little thing decided i was zorro.
the sergeant and diego de la vega are questioning everybody in the inn.
diego's with your little barmaid now, no doubt asking what she saw.
go find out what she has said and then get rid of her.
did you not go to the door to look outside with all that commotion?
he said he was zorro and that he'd get josofat out of prison.
he will not get josofat out of prison, but you will.
the jail is packed like a keg full of dried fish!
then empty it. i declare an amnesty in honor of the viceroy's visit.
i see we have gallantry at even the most remote outposts.
reports on this pueblo, capitan, spoke a lot about crime, corruption and oppressive taxes.
if only we'd been given warning, we could have prepared a proper reception with flowers.
the flowers capitan monastario will mete out blossom on his tongue.
there was a great deal of crime when i took over the pueblo.
but, possibly, the reports were written before i was appointed comandante.
it would be rather embarrassing if zorro should turn up and show what your administration is really like.
now i have zorro prisoner, i can no longer be embarrassed.
hardly anxious. lt is difficult for her to believe the facts.
besides, you must have noticed that the senorita seems smitten with me.
it takes no skill at all to make a fool of you.
if i cannot appeal to the viceroy's reasoning, then i will appeal to the de la vega honor.
shall i let my wife and children go without food to pay this tax?
but eusebio, if you needed money, why did you not come to my father or to me?
there comes a time when a man must stand on his own feet or he is not a man.
sergeant garcia, get that young man out of here or i'll put him in a cell.
like accusing the owl of causing darkness because he appears after sundown.
if you have no more business here, i suggest you leave at once.
it is no punishment if wealthy young men like you pay it for them.
still, money is money and i have yet to see a tax collector who can refuse it.
he cannot fight against the legal acts of his own government.
whether we like it or not, it is legal to sell the labor of men who are in prison and send them to the mines.
i said to myself, the only way i can find out if i am properly protected against zorro is to see what happens if zorro appears.
so i volunteered to play the part of zorro and here i am, as you see.
from this moment on, until the prisoners leave at dawn, every man in this garrison shall be on duty.
and as for you, sergeant, i shall recommend to the governor that you be transferred to a position of less responsibility in the mojave desert!
why does it spell death for one man and lower taxes for another?
someone has set up a deliberate campaign to spread misery and suffering.
francisco and i thought you might take her for a drive, show her around.
you and francisco have become close since he has a marriageable daughter.
i heard it played by a street musician and i ioved it.
it's much too pretty to be just a tune, it should be a song.
now as the husband of the wealthiest widow in los angeles, your position would be irreproachable.
the man who becomes dona inez's husband is a fortunate man.
before indentured servants can marry, they must get written permission from their master.
bring me senor yorba's letter, and i'ii be most happy to perform a ceremony.
now, if she says it is not so, then i give you my word that it is not so.
diego, why do we stand here like this talking about such a matter?
you know, i think the best thing that romaido could do would be to give himself up voluntarily.
to go back to don tomas and as a man of honor, work out his obligation.
under the iaw, of course, you will have to be punished.
in return for the bargain you broke and running away, you will pay me one additional year of service.
with the soldiers refusing to obey orders, he has no power to enforce the iaw.
the power has always come from those who own the land.
this is the work of zorro, turning one class against another.
during today's vicious attack against the magistrado, our soldiers stood by, openly encouraging the rioters.
tonight, our friend, don esteban tomayo, is brutally beaten by these same rebellious peons.
i tell you, it is our obligation to form a committee of vigilance and restore order.
do you stand on the side of outlaws and indians against your own people?
can you look at the face of don esteban or hear what happened to his wife without wanting to punish the scoundrels who did this?
i want very much to punish them, but first i want to be sure who the scoundrels are.
no doubt zorro is a great rogue, but you gentlemen give him too much credit.
which, your excellency may recall, the governor ordered redistributed to its rightful owners.
the money is safe, diego, and it will be returned to the peons, but the iaw moves at an orderly rate.
but, as acting comandante, i must commend you on your appearance.
if only you would lose, oh, another 1 00 pounds, then you would really be a military figure.
i know, don diego, but unfortunately i come from a big family.
how do you expect the barrel to get lighter if you keep filling it?
i see the committee has been quite busy since i ieft the meeting.
with only seven armed men they have captured one unarmed boy.
i can assure you, father, my feelings could not possibly be stronger.
diego, i hope you have now reconsidered and share your father's desire for order and justice.
yes, it is a trap, but we are going to spring it.
however, it means i will have to fight my own father.
is it your share of the money you are worried about, diego?
well, i will pledge everything i own if it will bring senor verdugo back safely.
i will spend the rest of my iife paying back the money,
- but if i do not act now, it may be too late.
when you find a rattlesnake in your bed, you kill it.
but do you not also blame the man who put it there?
really, joaquin, do you think i would actually take part in a plot against you?
had it not been for zorro, i would have been shot down in cold blood carrying a white flag of truce.
after a few more hours of this, i'm not so sure i'ii be happy about it at all.
joaquin, it could be true what he says about the governor.
joaquin, you could be a man of reason, and so could the governor.
if only the two of you would get together, talk this out as reasonable men, there would be no more trouble.
joaquin is very smart, even though he is just a vaquero.
he has worked out a plan to ambush adjutant rico, give him a taste of his own medicine.
do you not realize that soldiers will scour these hills from one end to the other?
you and a hundred other peons will be driven from your hiding places, shot if you run, and hanged if you remain.
always on his patron saint's day, the governor goes first to early mass, and then he goes to the shrine of san jose, accompanied by senor rico.
it is too bad that it has to happen to the governor on his saint's day.
i don't think i've ever heard anything quite so sour in all my iife.
possibly the fault is not with the guitar, but the way you are playing it.
and tomorrow, peon, you will get your chance to kill the governor when he comes alone to the shrine.
but you can't let a man like this loose with a knife.
and if he faiis to kill the governor or if he tries anything else, then a most unfortunate accident will befall her.
and when we have unfortunate accidents in our jail, they can be most unfortunate.
you wanna spend the rest of your life waiting for a man like that?
you recite these things, the things you do not even know.
zorro will not reveal his identity, even though he is offered amnesty.
but this is his chance to end the masquerade, get married, live a normal life if he wants to.
he knows the welfare of california is more important than his own happiness, his own security.
this zorro, whoever he is, don't you think he has the right to live his own life?
well, she is to be in front of the church at the sound of the angelus.
now, when zorro takes off his mask, no matter who he is, she runs up to him and says, "you are my husband."
don diego will be there with a beautiful young senorita named anna maria.
she will have a box of candy, but he will be carrying it because he is a gentleman.
i'm sorry, but there are a few things i must do.
but i want you to be there when zorro unmasks himself.
i thought if the time ever came that you wanted me to know, you would tell me.
but today, diego, i felt i had-- i had to act.
you want to keep me here a captive beyond the hour of amnesty.
i did not want you to do something today that you'ii be sorry for many years.
with my father kidnapped, do you think i worry about myself?
now, you yourself insisted that the men who kidnapped him show proof he was still alive.
there's no legitimate reason why she has to meet them away from here.
i say it out of my respect and admiration for your father.
but since the daughter seems unwilling to ransom her father, perhaps the father will be more willing to ransom the daughter.
if you do not return with the money, i promise you, senor, you will never see her again.
senor, you have my word, provided you return with the money by sundown.
if you are not back by then, who can say what might happen?
don lorenzo once told me he had spent a small fortune keeping his son out of prison.
and is it not true, senor, that you have gambled away the inheritance your father left you?
but you may see him again when you return to los angeles.
if you do see him, will you give him this, please?
look, zorro has been called many things, but never a coward.
any man who hides behind a mask cannot be called anything else.
whoever's watching when zorro appears goes and gets the rest of us.
if zorro is a man of honor-- and i think he is.
well, i don't mean to disagree, father, but if i were zorro,
i'd need a stronger reason than that before i'd risk exposure or capture.
yes, i suppose i will also be asked to do that.
and since you will already be at the scene of the duel, there is something you could do for me.
for instance, if, um... lf the comandante told me to arrest
don diego on the suspicion of being zorro, i would have to do it, ridiculous as it might seem.
but when i knew him aboard the ship, he didn't seem that sort at all.
it's strange how a man can be so pleasant at one time and such a brute at another.
you do me as much harm as zorro with your blundering ways.
i might even think you were zorro if you were not so fat.
because if you are, you had best find some other place.
i have been ordered by governor rico to remove all of these stands.
i do not think that adjutant rico intended that you should destroy them.
senor, you wish to question intentions, you speak to governor rico.
if you will be so kind as to release the senorita, we will do that immediately.
the senorita is under arrest, for resisting an officer of the king.
i have been entrusted with the safety and welfare of monterey in the governor's absence.
oh, and, uh, you consider a peon selling tamales in the plaza a danger to the safety of monterey?
someday, de ia vega, the eyes of the world will be on california.
when this happens, i do not wish monterey to be known as the presidio with the pigsties in the street.
now, if you will please allow me to do the same.
i intend to make monterey an example of disciplined, weii-ordered government.
i must go and see that the scaffolding is built for the hanging.
it would be unfortunate if some innocent man were hanged for impersonating zorro.
to them, any man with a black mask could be zorro.
when they rush in to save him, we will seize them, make them talk.
take the advice of one who has your best interests at heart and leave.
your foolish action will earn for you only a lashing at the whipping post.
with all due respect, don diego, we cannot stand idly by and see zorro hung.
he is our only protection against the comandante and the magistrado.
i saw your man outside, the little one who cannot hear, so i thought you would be in the tavern.
you thought i would be here, yet you were surprised to see me?
now, in your case, the betting odds were 1 00-1 , in my favor.
oh, it is useless to try to hide my thoughts from you.
not because he is a better rider, which he is, or because he is braver, which he is also, i guess, but because he has a faster horse.
now if i had this horse, i couid catch zorro and claim the reward.
i insist you take money, else our friendship is at an end.
well, since you put it like that, i can hardly refuse.
wouidn't any of you other fine gentlemen like to bid on this animal?
or are you afraid zorro will come and take him away from you?
since there are no more bids, i will sell the horse for 200 and...
i will sell the horse to the iancer for what he has already bid.
when you've had the misfortune to know senor del amo a little longer, you will learn that you must take everything he says with a grain of salt.
aii the way from san francisco, he kept telling me how lovely he thought i was.
sergeant, i want to tell you about a marvelous surprise i had tonight.
i am afraid you have one more surprise coming, don diego.
but then you announce this scheme of yours to bring in a shipload of supplies from spain.
now, this is good, and from all parts of california, we bring you our money.
seventeen thousand pesos, precisely the amount that i had written you about.
do you intimate, senor, that i am in league with the bandits?
romero brought in the funds from santa cruz nearly two weeks ago, and he has remained here to assist me.
it is a great patriotic effort, and i think all of california owes senor verdugo a debt of gratitude.
those stands the peons had erected in the plaza to sell food, they were becoming more filthy by the day.
i believe you mentioned something about it yourself, excellency, just before you left.
well, the peons have made this joaquin castenada into something of a hero.
they can't see he's merely trying to stir them into revolt.
and i, for one, think that it is an excellent suggestion.
i don't like to make any decisions when i've only heard one side of the story.
he's going to bring joaquin castenada out into the open, where we can kill him.
because he believes that such a meeting will help clear up some of the situations that have been disturbing the peons.
the governor has given his word that if joaquin castenada will ride into monterey carrying a flag of truce no one will harm him.
the governor wishes to talk to joaquin castenada because he believes a meeting will help clear up the situations that have been disturbing the peons.
i am sure his next order would be to take the entire garrison into the hills and bring back this joaquin castenada.
you just be sure and go into the hills with him, senor rico.
he has agreed to ride into monterey tomorrow morning at 6:00.
theresa and the others, they do not iike this, but that's what he's going to do.
make joaquin realize that these acts of his against the special guards are only making things more difficult for the peons.
i do not want to see this situation turn into an open revolt.
well, as you yourself said, don diego, it's such a lovely day, i thought i'd go for a ride.
well, since it's such a lovely day, perhaps you would prefer to walk.
i am sure the prospector lied to throw me off, then went straight to the magistrado to report it.
yes, the magistrado is dangerous enough without the power of gold.
but he will not believe it without proof, and i have the nuggets.
i must get to that gypsy girl before the prospector does.
she had no money, but she give me those pebbles saying i must not show them to no one.
but we are poor, senor, so finally, i decided i would see if they had any value.
oh, i shall tell no one, i swear by the horned moon.
i must find the indian and warn her to keep silent.
it's only for the large landowners and a few rancheros as well.
you will appear, without invitation, of course, as the masked bandit, zorro.
please, capitan, could i have a little advance on my pay?
i will give you an extra month's pay if we are successful in destroying zorro tonight!
during the year i have been comandante, several regrettable misunderstandings have taken place.
some of you may feel that i have been overzealous in the administration of my office.
0h, i think lord byron was the most fascinating man ever lived
he seemed so much in need of a good woman to love and love him
most ways, the ways of pleasantness and most paths all lead to peace
find that tree and you'll find greatness ln every land, every language poems of some of this tree
among these thousands of seeds there was one that ragged preacher cherised
not an appleseed, an exotic seed from china, the seed of a golden raintree.
don't you know that your body is a temple of the spirit?
and you defile and polluted with that devil's brew you've there
come around to take a total afternoon to pledge i'll take that pledge right now
0h, no---we want men to take pledge only when they're sober
but if they're sober, what's the sense having the pledge taken place?
wait, man---l want to testify that i hanen't been drunk for 2 weeks i drunk beer, wine and most of them with all friends i'm drunk here now this minute i can't find a man who can drink
here's the hat on somebody i give you 2 to 1
you're just talking, you know no one here will met you lf someone came up here with hard coin you'll try to.....
what happens if i don't win and you lose all your money?
my dear boy, i've certain well-laid plans for the summer which at the moment i'm limited to spread, not even to you, dear boy
you're going to be the hero of raintree county i 've got to go.
and the beautiful girl with an ;olive wreath will put a crown on your sun-colored lucks
0h, i didn't mean to scream i'm afraid you'll find me very unlady obviously
i like unladies i saw you down the street get ready to run, what happened?
when i want a noice, you gonna be set by hower like this i wonder a cannon johnny can hear it lt'd be 1 , 2, 3 and bang
now remember, johnny i got 100 dollars bet on you, 100 dollars---
he was a good writer i think being a good man is far more important
maybe a writer has a lot of experience 0h, so that's it,so that's what you're doing with susana
she had missed the train at the 3-mile junction 0r we'd have been hundred miles away by now
as we got back to the buggy, 3 men with guns marched up to the platform i grasped the situation once there
but that was only the beginning 0n the way back, the first man i met asked if i heard about the man who ran off with a man's wife i'm a stranger here myself, i said
0n the road, i met a troop of camions carrying for the station---
don't think too badly on me i suppose the heroic thing to be done would be to stick around and let the outraged husband discharge his fury with a shotgun
but i hate that sanctimonious warthog too much to give him the satisfaction
johnny, i had to come back, i'm going to have a baby
johnny, this letter was left on the door step, it's for you 0h, thank you
but, under the circumstances necessary haste with which you've gone into it i know,i certainly understand
anyway, i think you're doing the manly thing i hope the young lady is all that she appears what she appears to be
and the poem you wrote for me and the picture you gave me--- l just feel that i want to return it i thought maybe you want it now
i really did not want to get that out lt's just that, everything has changed and i don't mean anything to you
all you've to do is go south once and you'll love it
well, a north yanky to the south is not too easy to understand
this is where they buried her, johnny 0h, you can't imagine how lovely she was
she took care of me, she was a great lady i'm not ashamed to say , cause she was a negro
you see the day they had trouble to identify a man in the, fire but a woman
and the woman was another matter and one of them was a lady of color
by here my husband and i have been home settled you not be seeing this time
and you have yet to call on us where is your preeding?
you tell me who you walk with i'm interested in all aspects of real life
you won't be interested in me, i walk alone i just don't understand that.
youngest candidate ever to seek office in indiana state legislature last night rounded up his program campaign in 3-mile junction
with the enthusiastic denunciation of teachers who used the schools as a platform to corrupt the youth of raintree county
a certain young teacher who instructs the young, in a flammatory and seditious doctrine about abolition includes a domestic arrangement of his home to colored people
the status with respect to those freedoms for whose protection the abolitionists claim a monopoly is
susana, you're not south now--- you can't have your slaves here
johnny, i wish you wouldn't pick on me--- l don't feel well
honey, i'm not picking on you i just don't want slaves in my house
alright, i wish we could get away from here i don't like this place i just assume limited as a goat in the hole
you were so wrong with wich you said about galwood that day i think galwood would make a terrible politician
he was born in the year 1835 with a little capital he built in the year 1860
thank you, no 0h, come on, sprout i made this punch myself
an old indian recipe...pure corn and just a little bit of lime 0h, aren't you gonna congratulate me on the personal triumph for my stand on slavery?
don't miss that, honey i'd slap my own grandma better than for the abolition of the city polls
quiet, everybody i want you all to know that i don't keep any slaves in this house ln honor of mr. lincoln's election, i'll free both these girls
your boy has had same guts as we had back to 1846
we 'll have them to some states at the gulf of mexico by the 4th ofjuly , huh?
she left here a school girl full of sweetness in life
she returned a full-pledged filthy newspaper man for the juice in ground
yes, it is, you two belong together, you gonna part from me lt isn't so
0h, i wish only something i could do--- l gonna have something---
that night in bed i wish i wouldn't have written to her lt must be very late when i found i got to sleep
suddenly i heard something like fire-crackers so soft and mouthful through the next room ,
the room was terribly hot and there was a crackling sound and my dolls on fire i tried to beat the fire out of my dolls i began to scream
george, one of our negros came through the window and wrapped me up in the blanket lt's somehow---it's somehow i was hardly yearned
i told her,and she said to me not to say anything about it to anyone
but i didn't tell her about the note i left in mama's album because i thought i, maybe i caused her death some way,
and i cried and cried, no one knew what i was crying about
they thought it was about the fire, but it wasn't just that
johnny, if you ever need me or i can help about it---
mom, you know you'll be the first person i'll come to
try hard lf anything happened to you, it'd be the most beautiful murder since the beginning of time
nothing is gonna happen to me lt just can't, johnny, because somehow i know we'll find each other again i don't know how, but i know that i always know that and that's why i came back here
just start to dance to walk my jack's brand new pants i've been squashing and rolling about loud
hey i've been looking for you, jack--- l see your name on the rolls of the new troops
tell me, what's the state of scene in indiana these days?
i 've nothing to go around, i trust 0h, it's lack and off considerably since you left
deep scars of thunder have been trenched me and cared since on this bearded cheek
but bearded mathew known to many aplant nymphe in the city of new york
so the wit of geese is available in case you wanted to know
dear boy, an endlessly romantic dreamer--- l envy you this simplicity of your concepts
this year army is gonna cut off all base of operations as it gonna strike straight into the heart of the enemy
and you brothers gonna stick in job and your job is to knock the stomach out of this war
you gonna travel in the army fronts and the flanks and you gonna point the way of provisions the supplies
you gonna have to leave over the fact and the lead of the land
thinking one day, boy, there're many a devil as guards of the light
the home glooms make us always best i like it i've been a road runner long enough--- so much for me
there're only ourselves where we are--- folks of the north all lost in atlanta
lost an army of 60,000 men--- please return to owners--- sign ,labeling
am i right when somebody will continue to fight for his general?
jack, i'll tell you the truth lt's too sad to know i'd blow his head off i never thought if they'd know it
don't do this, mr. seanacy i never should have told you where she was
you don't know what she was like when they took her away
but i think there's--- and i say it over and over again and i make both of us miserable
and then you begin to pity me and i can't accept your pity i'd rather be alone i don't pity you---l love you
when i came back from leave, everything looked the same except the countryside was already green.
i saw the old church in a cup in the hills and the mountains beyond, brown mountains with green on their slopes.
the war slowed down during the winter but the troops still marched with heavy cartridge boxes bulging under their capes as though they were six months gone with child.
our unit was stationed in the town where we had been since autumn.
i was glad the austrians seemed to want to come back.
they did not bombard it to destroy it but only a little, in a military way.
i am now in love with one of the nurses, miss barkley.
i have even thought of marrying miss barkley but i best confess, she has one drawback:
i remember having a silly idea he might come to the hospital where i was.
with a saber cut, i suppose, and a bandage around his head.
just for a bottle of brandy you'd make an honest woman of me?
no, as a matter of fact, i'll marry you even if you do bring me this vile stuff.
"with babe ruth in the box, the red sox again clobbered the wilting senators 5- 0.
a dreary session, except for a triple play in the ninth stanza that led to the groaning exodus from the sweltering washington bleachers."
i feel very married to you, it makes me so happy.
but at my back i always hear time's winged chariot hurrying near
but anyway i won't cut my hair until after catherine is born, and i'm thin.
i'll cut it off and be a fine new girl for you.
when i came back from leave that march, everything looked the same... except that the countryside was already green.
i saw the old church in a cup in the hills and the mountains beyond.
our unit was still stationed in the town where we had been since autumn.
i was very glad the austrians seemed to want to come back sometime... because they did not bombard it to destroy it... but only a little, in a military way.
- yes, the british have opened a new hospital near orsino.
i am now in love with one of the nurses, miss barkley.
by the way, lieutenant, i assume you know that our girls...
- are not permitted to leave the grounds during the evening.
maybe the war will be over before you have to go back.
the important thing is for us to be together now... just as long as we can.
- i thought you were going to sleep for a week.
the sleeves are a bit short, but it was the best i could do.
i'm not going to cut my hair until after young catherine is born and i'm thin again.
i'm going to cut it off and i'll be a fine new girl for you... and you'll fall in love with me all over again.
my life used to be full of all sorts of things.
and now, if you're not with me, i haven't a thing in the world.
just the same, you're going down to town tomorrow... and find yourself some gay young playmate.
- i don't want to be with anybody else, i tell you.
[man narrating] when i came back from leave that march, everything looked the same... except that the countryside was already green.
i saw the old church in a cup in the hills and the mountains beyond.
the war had slowed down during the winter... but the troops still marched with heavily loaded cartridge boxes... bulging forward under their capes... as though they were six months gone with child.
our unit was still stationed in the town where we had been since autumn.
- yes, the british have opened a new hospital near orsino.
i am now in love with one of the nurses, miss barkley.
uh, well, um, l-i was just saying... that the only thing that can help the allies... is for the americans to come over here and to come over here quick.
[chuckles] our english lady doesn't seem to approve of that statement.
and i was counting on throwing a party tonight at the grand italia.
let's see if we can pick ourselves a winner in the next race, huh?
a little rain isn't going to hurt me or the baby.
but what will hurt me is waiting in that hotel room... not knowing whether the carabinieri have caught you and stood you against the wall.
because there's only us two, and in the world, there's all the rest of them.
if anything comes between us, we're gone, and then they have us.
i do so want to be a good wife and have this child without any foolishness.
[woman] you have plenty of time, if you'd like to get some dinner.
[man narrating] when i came back from leave that march, everything looked the same... except that the countryside was already green.
i saw the old church in a cup in the hills and the mountains beyond.
the war had slowed down during the winter... but the troops still marched with heavily loaded cartridge boxes... bulging forward under their capes... as though they were six months gone with child.
our unit was still stationed in the town where we had been since autumn.
- yes, the british have opened a new hospital near orsino.
i am now in love with one of the nurses, miss barkley.
uh, well, um, l-i was just saying... that the only thing that can help the allies... is for the americans to come over here and to come over here quick.
[chuckles] our english lady doesn't seem to approve of that statement.
and i was counting on throwing a party tonight at the grand italia.
let's see if we can pick ourselves a winner in the next race, huh?
a little rain isn't going to hurt me or the baby.
but what will hurt me is waiting in that hotel room... not knowing whether the carabinieri have caught you and stood you against the wall.
because there's only us two, and in the world, there's all the rest of them.
if anything comes between us, we're gone, and then they have us.
i do so want to be a good wife and have this child without any foolishness.
[woman] you have plenty of time, if you'd like to get some dinner.
i saw the old church in a cup in the hills and the mountains beyond, brown mountains with green on their slopes.
the war slowed down during the winter but the troops still marched with heavy cartridge boxes bulging under their capes as though they were six months gone with child.
our unit was stationed in the town where we had been since autumn.
i was glad the austrians seemed to want to come back.
she has beauty and mystery, but she is not for us.
miss barkley is not only a woman, she is a problem.
we advance in the morning, and i am wasting time with a billiard ball.
with this news, it will be impossible to get into villa rosa with a shoehorn.
by the way, you know that our girls are not permitted to leave during the evening?
the italians do not approve of women being so near the front.
and i was counting on throwing a party at the grand'ltalia.
let's see if we can pick a winner in the next race.
my life used to be full of all sorts of things.
now, if you're not with me, i haven't a thing in the world.
like i always say, after you've seen one asteroid you've seen them all.
sure, to you she's just a set of intercorrelated coordinates, what fun is that?
all stations, at my signal the time will be x minus one minute.
all stations at my signal the time will be x minus 20 seconds.
general miles reports other steps are being taken to cope with the emergency, but refuses to give details.
the atomic warheads seem to have had an effect on the object, however, causing it to veer in its course.
the mayor, the police commissioner of new york urge all the people to stay where they are, and not, i repeat, not give way to unfounded rumors.
the asteroid is heading in the general direction of new york, but it hoped that it will pass over without damage to the city.
at least we can get back to labcentral before eliot learns what a fool i made of myself.
you know, somebody might think that you're disappointed in not finding some... horrible beast from another planet.
i can't get over the awful feeling that this is the calm... and that the storm is going to break out any minute.
i never looked at the night sky without an awareness that there's more out there than we can ever hope to understand.
a patient's alpha waves are violent during his lucid moments and read almost normal during his more violent seizures.
electroshock therapy seems to bring on patient's fantasies, rather than to quiet them.
the patient is convinced he is possessed by a demon, an incubus which dominates his actions and makes him carry out its will.
through this demon he is telepathic, dominating at a distance the inhabitants of some undisclosed world who subsist on pure electrical or atomic energy.
a great energy storehouse or to use the patient's word, accumulator has landed on this earth under the direction and control of his incubus.
unless stopped some how, others will land and suck the earth dry of all electrical and atomic energy resources.
as you can hear the telephone connection from los santos was very poor.
dr. gaskell's mention of the giant kronos, refers to the great evil monster of that name from greek mythology.
speaking of labcentral, dr. hubbell eliot, director of labcentral, was discharged today from phoenix general hospital, only a few hours after the tragic death of his attending physician, dr. albert r. stern.
the well known neuropsychiatrist was accidentally electrocuted in his own laboratory by a defective circuit.
and you propose to feed it the most concentrated dose of pure energy that man has ever been able to devise!
why did he choose a power plant in the first place?
you're falling into a trap, doctor, if you think of this thing as blind, undirected.
its very construction is proof of intelligence, of a degree of organization man may not realize on this earth for another thousand years.
once the news got out that kronos was heading for los angeles it was impossible to prevent panic.
police and national guard have been powerless to stem the wild rush away from the doomed city.
dr. leslie gaskell of labcentral, at this moment, is closeted with officers at an air force base just outside los angeles while a lone jet plane wings in from boston institute of technology with rare radioactive elements on his order.
what dr. gaskell proposes to do, the world has no idea.
the comedy lead in this picture would be a cinch for me.
if we'd known that, we never would have signed elmer case.
most of the girls i've gone around with smell like sawdust no. 6.
it's nice to have someone around who can make me laugh.
that night i climbed out of bed and tiptoed down to the cellar.
guarded his birds every night for a week to make sure nobody would eat them.
while he sang i'd stand on a table behind him swinging a basketball.
the louder he sang, the closer the ball came to conking him.
what are you going to do with all that money, buster?
i'm going to try to get my folks to retire for one thing.
i'll put up half the cost of the gambler and i'll take half the profits.
buster, do you have any idea of how much that would cost you?
i can't let you go on paying my bills and i can't pay them myself.
i can't sell this house for as much as the mortgage.
i'd have to have it in my contract that i could do two specialty routines.
i've got some great ideas that will help the picture a lot.
have you ever heard of an old religious custom called suttee?
when a man dies, his wife jumps on the funeral pyre.
my dad used to say it's a wonderful thing to make people laugh.
there are so may people and they got so many troubles.
but the inside man also had to unlock the back gate.
tiffany just started working here, so she doesn't have that key.
whole acres of rich farmland have cracked and dropped from sight and millions of tons of molten lava are roaring down the slopes in a quake recorded on the seismograph of the university of mexico as the most violent of modern times.
to the benighted citizenry of this remote countryside the most alarming aspect of the phenomenon is the fact that its unabated hourly growth is without precedence having reached a towering height of 9000 feet within a few days and with each added foot, it spreads its evil onslaught into a wider circumference.
three days on this washboard and that volcano looks as far away as it ever did.
nobody stuck a gun in your back to make you become a geologist.
when i've already got a dozen questions i can't answer i try to ignore any new ones.
do you think we ought to radio them about the kid?
that car, father, just pushed in as though it were paper.
and finding the sergeant with a look of death none of us had ever seen before.
and the dominguez brothers, ranchers were discovered in a gully with that look of horror on their faces and no blood.
it's small consolation, father, i admit but as a scientist, i know where the effects are so similar there must be a simple, logical cause.
about two days ago, all the workmen on the big miraflores ranch that's a huge estate on the other side of the foothills decided to leave their work and come here to san lorenzo.
now, these men, usually frightened of nothing said they wouldn't work there a day longer.
and for miles around, cowboys came upon one dead steer after another.
one of them had heard the tale of the demon bull of the maricopa.
now, gentlemen, i do not believe it, but it is as good an explanation as any other one.
well, i'd like to think that our research up here might be of some help.
the telephone isn't working, and i have to hire some riders to help with my cattle.
that old volcano is really causing a lot of trouble this time.
we have known it in a fossil state, but never alive.
now from the bowels of the earth, it has come forth again to plague the earth.
why, you couldn't get one of those things out even with this crane.
major, we must try to seal it shut with an explosion.
i'll meet you there, and you can show me the town.
oh, but even if we do have, what, a day, two days...?
i regret to have to complicate the plans you and dr. ramos have made for so long but some of my colleagues here in mexico are very anxious to talk to you both at once.
i don't really think there's anything we can add to what you already know, dr. velasco.
i'm with the director of civilian defense and high army officers right now, hank.
it is imperative you both return here at once to complete your report.
i try to remember what my father told me one time.
he said, "arturo, every child in the world is born single.
notice how this large fissure here is directly above this arm of the system.
this large pocket, here, is exactly the place where you took your photographs.
now, also note that here where the scorpion was photographed from the air is also part of the connecting system.
the scorpions could have fled underground to one of many underground shelters.
how many of the scorpions might have decided to rush here?
and when will they decide to come to the surface after blood?
no, you'll get through with your speech tomorrow and your silly expedition and i'll do everything i have to do.
when we come back we won't have a worry in the world.
one moment, please, we're trying to get through to the emergency area.
reports to this moment from available hospital and emergency field units indicate many of the victims are so badly injured there is little hope of their survival.
all ambulances, cars, trucks and other vehicles have been commandeered by the authorities in this emergency.
we've received a report from the scene confirming that 129 persons are killed and hundreds missing.
we're not sure how many of them are left, but the largest may be the only one.
with the lust for blood after the wreck, the scorpions went mad.
the public is warned that the city will have a blackout.
a defense ring is being set up surrounding the area where it was seen.
whole acres of rich farmland have cracked and dropped from sight and millions of tons of molten lava are roaring down the slopes in a quake recorded on the seismograph of the university of mexico as the most violent of modern times.
to the benighted citizenry of this remote countryside the most alarming aspect of the phenomenon is the fact that its unabated hourly growth is without precedence having reached a towering height of 9000 feet within a few days and with each added foot, it spreads its evil onslaught into a wider circumference.
three days on this washboard and that volcano looks as far away as it ever did.
nobody stuck a gun in your back to make you become a geologist.
when i've already got a dozen questions i can't answer i try to ignore any new ones.
do you think we ought to radio them about the kid?
that car, father, just pushed in as though it were paper.
and finding the sergeant with a look of death none of us had ever seen before.
and the dominguez brothers, ranchers were discovered in a gully with that look of horror on their faces and no blood.
it's small consolation, father, i admit but as a scientist, i know where the effects are so similar there must be a simple, logical cause.
about two days ago, all the workmen on the big miraflores ranch that's a huge estate on the other side of the foothills decided to leave their work and come here to san lorenzo.
now, these men, usually frightened of nothing said they wouldn't work there a day longer.
and for miles around, cowboys came upon one dead steer after another.
one of them had heard the tale of the demon bull of the maricopa.
now, gentlemen, i do not believe it, but it is as good an explanation as any other one.
well, i'd like to think that our research up here might be of some help.
the telephone isn't working, and i have to hire some riders to help with my cattle.
that old volcano is really causing a lot of trouble this time.
we have known it in a fossil state, but never alive.
now from the bowels of the earth, it has come forth again to plague the earth.
why, you couldn't get one of those things out even with this crane.
major, we must try to seal it shut with an explosion.
i'll meet you there, and you can show me the town.
oh, but even if we do have, what, a day, two days...?
i regret to have to complicate the plans you and dr. ramos have made for so long but some of my colleagues here in mexico are very anxious to talk to you both at once.
i don't really think there's anything we can add to what you already know, dr. velasco.
i'm with the director of civilian defense and high army officers right now, hank.
it is imperative you both return here at once to complete your report.
i try to remember what my father told me one time.
he said, "arturo, every child in the world is born single.
notice how this large fissure here is directly above this arm of the system.
this large pocket, here, is exactly the place where you took your photographs.
now, also note that here where the scorpion was photographed from the air is also part of the connecting system.
the scorpions could have fled underground to one of many underground shelters.
how many of the scorpions might have decided to rush here?
and when will they decide to come to the surface after blood?
no, you'll get through with your speech tomorrow and your silly expedition and i'll do everything i have to do.
when we come back we won't have a worry in the world.
one moment, please, we're trying to get through to the emergency area.
reports to this moment from available hospital and emergency field units indicate many of the victims are so badly injured there is little hope of their survival.
all ambulances, cars, trucks and other vehicles have been commandeered by the authorities in this emergency.
we've received a report from the scene confirming that 129 persons are killed and hundreds missing.
we're not sure how many of them are left, but the largest may be the only one.
with the lust for blood after the wreck, the scorpions went mad.
the public is warned that the city will have a blackout.
a defense ring is being set up surrounding the area where it was seen.
my father is a minister, and it's not nice to criticize him, but i think he's just the teensiest bit too good-looking for a minister.
now, my mother, she's not a bit too beautiful, she's just right.
it seems he wouldn't let the church bazaar committee use his garden for their annual affair.
that's when i decided to take matters into my own hands.
well, there are a number of banks, and boston is a big place.
i only see him when he comes to visit my best friend in the whole world.
she's taking a correspondence course on how to be a medium.
and what does your father, the good reverend, have to say about that?
and it's been held in this place for the past 75 years.
so now they're sending children over to try and accomplish the work they couldn't do for themselves.
if he is the judge, he certainly doesn't seem to want anyone to know about it.
he just sticks around that old house of his and won't let anyone come near him.
my father is a minister, and it's not nice to criticize him, but i think he's just the teensiest bit too good-looking for a minister.
now, my mother, she's not a bit too beautiful, she's just right.
it seems he wouldn't let the church bazaar committee use his garden for their annual affair.
that's when i decided to take matters into my own hands.
well, there are a number of banks, and boston is a big place.
i only see him when he comes to visit my best friend in the whole world.
she's taking a correspondence course on how to be a medium.
and what does your father, the good reverend, have to say about that?
and it's been held in this place for the past 75 years.
so now they're sending children over to try and accomplish the work they couldn't do for themselves.
if he is the judge, he certainly doesn't seem to want anyone to know about it.
he just sticks around that old house of his and won't let anyone come near him.
my father is a minister, and it's not nice to criticize him, but i think he's just the teensiest bit too good-looking for a minister.
now, my mother, she's not a bit too beautiful, she's just right.
it seems he wouldn't let the church bazaar committee use his garden for their annual affair.
that's when i decided to take matters into my own hands.
well, there are a number of banks, and boston is a big place.
i only see him when he comes to visit my best friend in the whole world.
she's taking a correspondence course on how to be a medium.
and what does your father, the good reverend, have to say about that?
and it's been held in this place for the past 75 years.
so now they're sending children over to try and accomplish the work they couldn't do for themselves.
if he is the judge, he certainly doesn't seem to want anyone to know about it.
he just sticks around that old house of his and won't let anyone come near him.
¶ oh, it was friday night and it sure was hot ¶
¶ i had my daddy's car with a convertible top ¶
¶ and before i knew it i was really shook ¶
¶ so i drove like mad and i didn't stop ¶
he could have been shot at close range across this desk.
when the door is closed, and the street noises, nobody would have heard the shot.
flushed with shame every time you had to produce a birth certificate.
called names that you couldn't even understand, and cried yourself to sleep night after night.
you didn't tell me one of your accomplishments was starting fires.
any time you want me to put the heat on lieutenant tragg, just let me know.
strong ones, weak ones, fat ones, skinny ones... funny ones and sad ones, all in one place the sound of their cries, is tremendous mingled with the waves they battle over the bridge, monk tsutsui jomyo ichirai on our side...
...surprises both his enemies and allies the great army of the heike, away from the bridge the water is high...
the young lord told mle to return at once... when he successfully reinstates the clan's status.
he gave me his knife... as a token of his promise for that day.
i was determined to beat you as soon as i find you.
i prayed to the god of justice, god of warriors... god of protection, god of bow and arrows...
but if i kill six or seven, i, a ronin, will be the one to get arrested.
or their families and associates will come back with an army.
hey, nakagawa... let everyone know... that the execution will take place in kogoi forest at dawn tomorrow.
brother, so you want him to witness his woman ripped in two.
get this: she'll then go to gen'nai and tell him about his wife.
if he still doesn't show up, we know he's not human.
i've come to order a coffin for the first one of you that makes a move.
oh, hey boy, anything new and startling in the world today?
we don't get many titled visitors from mexico and we like to make them welcome.
the newspapers took notice of your arrival and, of course, my invitation includes dr. mayhew.
the lady i told you about- the lady in san francisco, she's waiting for me to deliver the body of her husband whereupon she will pay me my fee.
i still want to know what's that got to do with us?
i'm playing some idiotic children's game, and i'm supposed to stand against this wall, blindfolded, and with my hands tied behind me.
while i'm standing here waiting for something to happen, you may watch tonight's drama, "the dangerous people".
looking over his shoulder, getting bug-eyed every time the siren goes.
if you ask me, he's probably nuttier than the one that got away.
he did it on purpose, all that business with the gum, to get closer to the poker.
have to be ready for the first sign of a move.
i'm playing some idiotic children's game, and i'm supposed to stand against this wall, blindfolded, and with my hands tied behind me.
while i'm standing here waiting for something to happen, you may watch tonight's drama, "the dangerous people".
looking over his shoulder, getting bug-eyed every time the siren goes.
if you ask me, he's probably nuttier than the one that got away.
he did it on purpose, all that business with the gum, to get closer to the poker.
have to be ready for the first sign of a move.
i'm playing some idiotic children's game, and i'm supposed to stand against this wall, blindfolded, and with my hands tied behind me.
while i'm standing here waiting for something to happen, you may watch tonight's drama, "the dangerous people".
looking over his shoulder, getting bug-eyed every time the siren goes.
if you ask me, he's probably nuttier than the one that got away.
he did it on purpose, all that business with the gum, to get closer to the poker.
have to be ready for the first sign of a move.
it is as though there were a line divided into unequal parts.
and he took away that by which the greater segment exceeds the half.
i've laid out the various items which i now go to take, emetics, antidotes, they're not pleasant.
but they'll save me from accompanying you, young man, on your long, long voyage.
it is as though there were a line divided into unequal parts.
and he took away that by which the greater segment exceeds the half.
i've laid out the various items which i now go to take, emetics, antidotes, they're not pleasant.
but they'll save me from accompanying you, young man, on your long, long voyage.
a five of diamonds and a seven of... a five of diamonds.
mr. bernard, that does look like a small straight, doesn't it?
and get into town and round up every one of our men.
round up anybody else that has a gun and wants to make some money.
mr. paladin, i've done all i can to help the valdez brothers, but their claim to the land has no legal validity whatsoever.
they told me that you had legal proof of their ownership of the portals and the high pasture land that leads to it.
"and i would not have parted with it to anyone but you.
"you purchased it with faithful service as well as with dollars,
i've got a lot of guns behind me and you've got a choice.
you can set off a massacre or you can settle this here, with me, alone, now.
each of you must look into his own conscience, and admit that if this man, rodman, is allowed to leave the courtroom scot-free, then murder is being rewarded by toleration.
and so, the state demands that rodman be punished to the full extent of the law.
it took a lot out of me to come here, mr. selvy.
i know a big man like you wouldn't want to send an innocent man...
what did you think you were gonna get for a murder?
a gold medal, a pat on the back, a free ticket home?
it's only right they should let him go and put me in jail.
you think you're gonna spend the rest of your days playing checkers in some prison cell?
either he wins most of the time or he's put out to pasture.
and if i can't gallop into the homestretch with this case, it may be my last race.
well, off the record, i have to hand it to selvy.
he was trying his best to make a show during the summation.
would i be sitting here talking like this if i didn't do it?
it took a lot out of me to come here, mr. selvy.
i can't let an innocent man go to the chair knowing somebody else did it.
i have got to ask for his pardon first thing tomorrow.
it's a lie, it's all a lie from start to finish.
and i never saw you before in my life, did i?
a man'd go loco working on a bullet like that all the time.
would you forget it if a man had put this piece of lead a half-inch from your heart?
we'll fight 'em, ten to one and shoot 'em in the back.
so, if they know what's good for 'em, they'll stay away.
i was hunting wild horses with jacob the first time he ever laid eyes on this place.
i was going to ask ben to run the ranch for me.
you'll find, oh, maybe 70, 80 mustangs in these hills, any day you look.
a man could make a good living just catching and breaking 'em.
if jacob draws on me you put a bullet right in that kid's head.
there ain't nothing to worry about, ma'am... not 'less'n jacob wants trouble.
i got a funny kind of a feeling in my bones today.
the first time in a lot of years i feel hopeful.
well, i want you to keep thinking of her all the time.
i don't want you to ever forget her... or what you did to her.
that's the way you looked the first time i saw you, sitting in king's place alone, staring at the bottom of a whiskey glass.
what's so terrible about the way people look into empty whiskey glasses?
a man gets tired of being run out of towns, and i remembered this spread of yourn.
i was hunting wild horses with jacob the first time he ever laid eyes on this place.
the fact is, i got in a little trouble and needed a place to hide.
i'm up at yankee draw with the sheriff out this way, and he's an old friend of jacob's.
this is the only place left where i can live peaceable.
i got my son with me now, and i aim to do it.
you kill a badge-man in this country, they'll hang you quick.
look, why would a man married to a woman like my ma kill anyone?
you're about as stinking wrong as that pig friend of yours, jacob wade.
you wouldn't let anybody talk like that about your friends, would you, lon?
ben told me about my mother before he left... things i didn't know.
well, you have to understand about her, she she wasn't strong enough for pioneering.
"i will destroy man whom i have created from the face of the earth;
both man, and beast, and the creeping thing, and the fowls of the air;
we can only see a small part of the island from this spot, but yet you can feel lack of welcome, lack of abiding life, eh?
yeah, i felt the same when i came here before to rescue your first team.
i not only knew that they were gone, but that they were lost completely and forever, body and soul.
please, lieutenant, some of those men were our friends from the same institute.
i don't like being out here all alone with old tate's rigor mortis.
sam, how did a nervous guy like you ever get involved in demolitions work?
frankly, doctor, i wouldn't care to stay here with you, but if you run into trouble or you need extra supplies, you can always reach the base by radio.
that is, if this rotten weather will let us get back to the base at all.
a great seething, burning cloud of it sank into this area, blanketing the island with hot ashes and radioactive seawater.
dr. weigand's group is here to study fallout effects at their worst.
well, gentlemen, i will head down to south valley in the morning.
you know, i haven't seen any insect life since we arrived.
i just thought i'd look through it and see what it was mac said about those great caves appearing in the sides of the hills.
well, he didn't say much, except that it always happened at night.
we had better return in the morning when there is more light.
i don't like the idea of leaving him here all night with a busted leg.
you are a great nuclear physicist while i am a simple provincial botanist, but there are things i do not understand...
there are many things that i do not understand also, jules.
but not much, considering the size of the thing that did all of this.
i guess there's no point in waiting for the rest to get back.
and it had to reach way inside to do it without wrecking these cabinets.
well, all i can say is, why wasn't i invited to the party?
they are too far from the normal scheme of things to be separate accidents.
if there is a single cause, then that cause is outside of nature as we know it.
it could hardly have been me, doctor, when i have been here all the time, dreaming of all the things i might learn to do with only my left hand.
and though even it was fixed with a hook, and when i...
the stone penetrated its brain or motor area... or whatever keeps the thing alive.
i think if we remove the stone, the crab would return to life.
that means that the crab can eat his victim's brain, absorbing his mind intact and working.
it's as good a theory as any other to explain what's happened.
it would indicate that she's in a very delicate condition, and pretty close too.
i, for one, should not like to be around to hear the patter of so many tiny feet.
the charge must be just strong enough to de-energize the crab, long enough for us to remove the claws and cage it, but not strong enough to kill the thing.
that's fine, karl, but how do we get the crab to step into it?
yes, but you better select a new approach to the cave.
the beach entrance is completely under water, and the pit is...
rather than our receiving radio signals, they would prefer to receive us in that great common stomach of theirs.
well, come on, karl, let's go out and see what's left of this rock.
i hope there is still something left upon which to stand.
well, i guess it's about time i fixed us some food.
and as with mclane, there will be no evidence of how you vanished or of my existence.
we will rest in the caves and plan our assault upon the world of men!
yeah, i felt the same when i came here before to rescue your first team.
i not only knew that they were gone, but that they were lost completely and forever, body and soul.
i hope that man's death is not an omen of things to come.
frankly, doctor, i wouldn't care to stay here with you, but if you run into trouble or you need extra supplies, you can always reach the base by radio.
yeah, you'd never think it was a complete wreck a few months ago.
if you want to see a wreck, take a look at my back.
so why don't we let hank keep trying while we begin our own working?
we have to go over mclane's journal sooner or later, so it might as well be now.
why, it's glazed, as though it had been fired in a kiln.
sommers, you and fellows better put a couple of your lanterns around this pit so as to keep any of us from falling in in the middle of the night.
if we can bring dr. carson out, two of us are enough.
if we can't, a whole army will do us no good.
doctor, why did you try to stop me from throwing that rock?
i just don't like to kill anything, even such ugly creatures as these.
i guess there's no point in waiting for the rest to get back.
the storm should've let up enough for me to get through to the navy now.
everything that has happened from the death of the first sailor to the destruction of our radio must be somehow related.
they are too far from the normal scheme of things to be separate accidents.
if there is a single cause, then that cause is outside of nature as we know it.
yes, that is why i insisted on caution entering the caves.
it could hardly have been me, doctor, when i have been here all the time, dreaming of all the things i might learn to do with only my left hand.
and though even it was fixed with a hook, and when i...
the stone penetrated its brain or motor area... or whatever keeps the thing alive.
i think if we remove the stone, the crab would return to life.
that means that the crab can eat his victim's brain, absorbing his mind intact and working.
it's as good a theory as any other to explain what's happened.
it would indicate that she's in a very delicate condition, and pretty close too.
i, for one, should not like to be around to hear the patter of so many tiny feet.
the charge must be just strong enough to de-energize the crab, long enough for us to remove the claws and cage it, but not strong enough to kill the thing.
that's fine, karl, but how do we get the crab to step into it?
yes, but you better select a new approach to the cave.
the beach entrance is completely under water, and the pit is...
rather than our receiving radio signals, they would prefer to receive us in that great common stomach of theirs.
well, come on, karl, let's go out and see what's left of this rock.
i hope there is still something left upon which to stand.
well, i guess it's about time i fixed us some food.
and as with mclane, there will be no evidence of how you vanished or of my existence.
we will rest in the caves and plan our assault upon the world of men!
then that cause is outside of nature as we know it.
yes, that is why i insisted on caution entering the caves.
"i will destroy man whom i have created from the face of the earth;
both man, and beast, and the creeping thing, and the fowls of the air;
we can only see a small part of the island from this spot, but yet you can feel lack of welcome, lack of abiding life, eh?
yeah, i felt the same when i came here before to rescue your first team.
i not only knew that they were gone, but that they were lost completely and forever, body and soul.
please, lieutenant, some of those men were our friends from the same institute.
i don't like being out here all alone with old tate's rigor mortis.
sam, how did a nervous guy like you ever get involved in demolitions work?
frankly, doctor, i wouldn't care to stay here with you, but if you run into trouble or you need extra supplies, you can always reach the base by radio.
that is, if this rotten weather will let us get back to the base at all.
a great seething, burning cloud of it sank into this area, blanketing the island with hot ashes and radioactive seawater.
dr. weigand's group is here to study fallout effects at their worst.
well, gentlemen, i will head down to south valley in the morning.
you know, i haven't seen any insect life since we arrived.
i just thought i'd look through it and see what it was mac said about those great caves appearing in the sides of the hills.
well, he didn't say much, except that it always happened at night.
we had better return in the morning when there is more light.
i don't like the idea of leaving him here all night with a busted leg.
you are a great nuclear physicist while i am a simple provincial botanist, but there are things i do not understand...
there are many things that i do not understand also, jules.
but not much, considering the size of the thing that did all of this.
i guess there's no point in waiting for the rest to get back.
and it had to reach way inside to do it without wrecking these cabinets.
well, all i can say is, why wasn't i invited to the party?
they are too far from the normal scheme of things to be separate accidents.
if there is a single cause, then that cause is outside of nature as we know it.
we didn't; we were on the other side of the island.
well, what used to be the other side of the island.
and their brain tissue, which, after all, is nothing more than a storage house for electrical impulses.
that means that the crab can eat his victim's brain, absorbing his mind intact and working.
it's as good a theory as any other to explain what's happened.
but, doctor, that theory doesn't explain why jules' and carson's minds have turned against us.
the sides of the pit were glazed as if the rock were melted.
they can melt and fuse parts of the caverns, explode the materials contained and bring about the slides.
notice the belt of yellow fat around the base of the shell?
it would indicate that she's in a very delicate condition, and pretty close too.
well, sure it does, doctor, easier to build than a model airplane.
the charge must be just strong enough to de-energize the crab, long enough for us to remove the claws and cage it, but not strong enough to kill the thing.
we must take the arc and place it in one of the well-traveled cave routes.
he has eight legs with which to step on the plate.
this might be the perfect time to collect some of dr. weigand's mercury.
if i can't make it back, you get out of here as fast as you can.
well and good, for i can do it in a day.
but will you grow new lives when i have taken yours from you?
all we have to worry about is the strength of our signal.
that is, if dr. deveroux and carson will leave us alone long enough to try it out.
well, come on, karl, let's go out and see what's left of this rock.
i hope there is still something left upon which to stand.
striking at forces bent on victory will only bring greater injury to our men.
first, post sentries at the edges of spider's web forest, divide our foe's forces by luring them into its maze, and wound as many as we can.
take your men to north garrison at once and slay fujimaki.
fortify our border positions, and if inui refuses to move his men...
in truth, who would not dream of ruling over a vanquished castle?
it seems your son shall become great lord of that castle.
in this degenerate age, one must kill so as not to be killed.
i cannot help wondering if miki has already informed the great lord.
we'll quench their thirst with a sleeping potion mixed in sake.
as his guards dream, you shall slay the great lord, and denounce noriyasu as the murderer to his own men.
as he prepared to attack inui, our great lord died tragically, in the garrison at washizu's treasonous hand.
i, noriyasu, fought my way back to this castle with the prince under my protection.
so i cannot persuade you of the folly in naming miki's son as heir to the throne of this castle?
at the council meeting, he ardently argued my right to succession.
in any case, we can no longer trust this castle's invincibility.
i heard a guard of the watchtower say he saw a pack of rats fleeing the castle grounds.
is it true miki's son will be lord of spider's web?
so i see, you have finally come to the end of your wanderings.
i'll lay a fresh mountain of corpses over these bleached bones.
if you will make blood flow, let it be a river, no, an ocean of blood.
striking at forces bent on victory will only bring greater injury to our men.
first, post sentries at the edges of spider's web forest, divide our foe's forces by luring them into it`s maze, and wound as many as we can.
take your men to north garrison at once and slay fujimaki.
fortify our border positions, and if inui refuses to move his men...
in truth, who would not dream of ruling over a vanquished castle?
it seems your son shall become great lord of that castle.
in this degenerate age, one must kill so as not to be killed.
i cannot help wondering if miki has already informed the great lord.
we'll quench their thirst with a sleeping potion mixed in sake.
as his guards dream, you shall slay the great lord, and denounce noriyasu as the murderer to his own men.
as he prepared to attack inui, our great lord died tragically, in the garrison at washizu's treasonous hand.
i, noriyasu, fought my way back to this castle with the prince under my protection.
so i cannot persuade you of the folly in naming miki's son as heir to the throne of this castle?
at the council meeting, he ardently argued my right to succession.
in any case, we can no longer trust this castle's invincibility.
i heard a guard of the watchtower say he saw a pack of rats fleeing the castle grounds.
is it true miki's son will be lord of spider's web?
so i see, you have finally come to the end of your wanderings.
i'll lay a fresh mountain of corpses over these bleached bones.
if you will make blood flow, let it be a river, no, an ocean of blood.
striking at forces bent on victory will only bring greater injury to our men.
first, post sentries at the edges of spider's web forest, divide our foe's forces by luring them into its maze, and wound as many as we can.
take your men to north garrison at once and slay fujimaki.
fortify our border positions, and if inui refuses to move his men...
in truth, who would not dream of ruling over a vanquished castle?
it seems your son shall become great lord of that castle.
in this degenerate age, one must kill so as not to be killed.
i cannot help wondering if miki has already informed the great lord.
we'll quench their thirst with a sleeping potion mixed in sake.
as his guards dream, you shall slay the great lord, and denounce noriyasu as the murderer to his own men.
as he prepared to attack inui, our great lord died tragically, in the garrison at washizu's treasonous hand.
i, noriyasu, fought my way back to this castle with the prince under my protection.
so i cannot persuade you of the folly in naming miki's son as heir to the throne of this castle?
at the council meeting, he ardently argued my right to succession.
in any case, we can no longer trust this castle's invincibility.
i heard a guard of the watchtower say he saw a pack of rats fleeing the castle grounds.
is it true miki's son will be lord of spider's web?
so i see, you have finally come to the end of your wanderings.
i'll lay a fresh mountain of corpses over these bleached bones.
if you will make blood flow, let it be a river, no, an ocean of blood.
take your men to north garrison at once and slay fujimaki.
fortify our border positions, and if inui refuses to move his men...
in truth, who would not dream of ruling over a vanquished castle?
it seems your son shall become great lord of that castle.
did not the great lord secure his own position murdering his predecessor?
no, only because his own lord doubted him and sought his death.
to advance themselves in this world, parents will kill children, and children, their parents.
in this degenerate age, one must kill so as not to be killed.
we'll quench their thirst with a sleeping potion mixed in sake.
as his guards dream, you shall slay the great lord, and denounce noriyasu as the murderer to his own men.
as he prepared to attack inui, our great lord died tragically, in the garrison at washizu's treasonous hand.
i, noriyasu, fought my way back to this castle with the prince under my protection.
if only there were an heir, this house would have great joy.
so i cannot persuade you of the fully in naming miki's son as heir to the throne of this castle?
is it true miki's son will be lord of spider's web?
so i see, you have finally come to the end of your wanderings.
if you choose to build a mountain of corpses, build its summit as high as you dare.
i'll lay a fresh mountain of corpses over these bleached bones.
none may defeat me, though heaven descends or the earth rends.
the spirit told me, until the trees of the forest rise to attack the castle,
washizu's gambit has easily wasted our enemy, and turned the tide of war to our advantage.
lord, even now washizu and miki's men have driven the enemy back, trapping them in the garrison.
it seems your son shall become great lord of that castle.
no, it is you, yourself, who shall rule over that castle.
did not the great lord secure his own position murdering his predecessor?
no, only because his own lord doubted him and sought his death.
to advance themselves in this world, parents will kill children, and children, their parents.
in this degenerate age, one must kill so as not to be killed.
the forests surrounding north garrison are thick with armed men, all from spider's web castle.
their flags and spears are lowered, their horses bridled with twigs.
if only there were an heir, this house would have great joy.
so i cannot persuade you of the folly in naming miki's son as heir to the throne of this castle?
if you choose to build a mountain of corpses, build its summit as high as you dare.
i'll lay a fresh mountain of corpses over these bleached bones.
none may defeat me, though heaven descends or the earth rends.
the spirit told me, until the trees of the forest rise to attack the castle,
washizu's gambit has easily wasted our enemy, and turned the tide of war to our advantage.
lord, even now washizu and miki's men have driven the enemy back, trapping them in the garrison.
it seems your son shall become great lord of that castle.
no, it is you, yourself, who shall rule over that castle.
did not the great lord secure his own position murdering his predecessor?
no, only because his own lord doubted him and sought his death.
to advance themselves in this world, parents will kill children, and children, their parents.
in this degenerate age, one must kill so as not to be killed.
the forests surrounding north garrison are thick with armed men, all from spider's web castle.
their flags and spears are lowered, their horses bridled with twigs.
so i cannot persuade you of the folly in naming miki's son as heir to the throne of this castle?
at the council meeting, he ardently argued my right to succession.
in any case, we can no longer trust this castle's invincibility.
i heard a guard of the watchtower say he saw a pack of rats fleeing the castle grounds.
is it true miki's son will be lord of spider's web?
so i see, you have finally come to the end of your wanderings.
i'll lay a fresh mountain of corpses over these bleached bones.
if you will make blood flow, let it be a river, no, an ocean of blood.
striking at forces bent on victory will only bring greater injury to our men.
first, post sentries at the edges of spider's web forest, divide our foe's forces by luring them into its maze, and wound as many as we can.
take your men to north garrison at once and slay fujimaki.
fortify our border positions, and if inui refuses to move his men...
it seems your son shall become great lord of that castle.
no, it is you, yourself, who shall rule over that castle.
did not the great lord secure his own position murdering his predecessor?
no, only because his own lord doubted him and sought his death.
to advance themselves in this world, parents will kill children, and children, their parents.
in this degenerate age, one must kill so as not to be killed.
the forests surrounding north garrison are thick with armed men, all from spider's web castle.
their flags and spears are lowered, their horses bridled with twigs.
if only there were an heir, this house would have great joy.
so i cannot persuade you of the folly in naming miki's son as heir to the throne of this castle?
lately, he is often this way when he has had too much to drink.
01:11:54,972 -- 01:11:57,065 no doubt his predecessor's violent death tears at his heart.
in any case, we can no longer trust this castle's invincibility.
i heard a guard of the watchtower say he saw a pack of rats fleeing the castle grounds.
i'll lay a fresh mountain of corpses over these bleached bones.
if you will make blood flow, let it be a river, no, an ocean of blood.
even the formidable noriyasu has no power against these legendary fortifications.
the attackers can see nothing inside the castle, yet we have a bird's-eye view of them.
washizu's gambit has easily wasted our enemy, and turned the tide of war to our advantage.
lord, even now washizu and miki's men have driven the enemy back, trapping them in the garrison.
it seems your son shall become great lord of that castle.
no, it is you, yourself, who shall rule over that castle.
did not the great lord secure his own position murdering his predecessor?
no, only because his own lord doubted him and sought his death.
to advance themselves in this world, parents will kill children, and children, their parents.
in this degenerate age, one must kill so as not to be killed.
the forests surrounding north garrison are thick with armed men, all from spider's web castle.
their flags and spears are lowered, their horses bridled with twigs.
if only there were an heir, this house would have great joy.
so i cannot persuade you of the folly in naming miki's son as heir to the throne of this castle?
if you choose to build a mountain of corpses, build its summit as high as you dare.
i'll lay a fresh mountain of corpses over these bleached bones.
none may defeat me, though heaven descends or the earth rends.
the spirit told me, until the trees of the forest rise to attack the castle,
washizu's gambit has easily wasted our enemy, and turned the tide of war to our advantage.
lord, even now washizu and miki's men have driven the enemy back, trapping them in the garrison.
it seems your son shall become great lord of that castle.
no, it is you, yourself, who shall rule over that castle.
did not the great lord secure his own position murdering his predecessor?
no, only because his own lord doubted him and sought his death.
to advance themselves in this world, parents will kill children, and children, their parents.
in this degenerate age, one must kill so as not to be killed.
the forests surrounding north garrison are thick with armed men, all from spider's web castle.
their flags and spears are lowered, their horses bridled with twigs.
if only there were an heir, this house would have great joy.
so i cannot persuade you of the folly in naming miki's son as heir to the throne of this castle?
if you choose to build a mountain of corpses, build its summit as high as you dare.
i'll lay a fresh mountain of corpses over these bleached bones.
none may defeat me, though heaven descends or the earth rends.
the spirit told me, until the trees of the forest rise to attack the castle,
washizu's gambit has easily wasted our enemy, and turned the tide of war to our advantage.
lord, even now washizu and miki's men have driven the enemy back, trapping them in the garrison.
it seems your son shall become great lord of that castle.
no, it is you, yourself, who shall rule over that castle.
did not the great lord secure his own position murdering his predecessor?
no, only because his own lord doubted him and sought his death.
to advance themselves in this world, parents will kill children, and children, their parents.
in this degenerate age, one must kill so as not to be killed.
the forests surrounding north garrison are thick with armed men, all from spider's web castle.
their flags and spears are lowered, their horses bridled with twigs.
if only there were an heir, this house would have great joy.
so i cannot persuade you of the folly in naming miki's son as heir to the throne of this castle?
if you choose to build a mountain of corpses, build its summit as high as you dare.
i'll lay a fresh mountain of corpses over these bleached bones.
none may defeat me, though heaven descends or the earth rends.
the spirit told me, until the trees of the forest rise to attack the castle,
washizu's gambit has easily wasted our enemy, and turned the tide of war to our advantage.
lord, even now washizu and miki's men have driven the enemy back, trapping them in the garrison.
it seems your son shall become great lord of that castle.
no, it is you, yourself, who shall rule over that castle.
did not the great lord secure his own position murdering his predecessor?
no, only because his own lord doubted him and sought his death.
to advance themselves in this world, parents will kill children, and children, their parents.
in this degenerate age, one must kill so as not to be killed.
the forests surrounding north garrison are thick with armed men, all from spider's web castle.
their flags and spears are lowered, their horses bridled with twigs.
if only there were an heir, this house would have great joy.
so i cannot persuade you of the folly in naming miki's son as heir to the throne of this castle?
if you choose to build a mountain of corpses, build it`s summit as high as you dare.
i'll lay a fresh mountain of corpses over these bleached bones.
none may defeat me, though heaven descends or the earth rends.
the spirit told me, until the trees of the forest rise to attack the castle,
striking at forces bent on victory will only bring greater injury to our men.
first, post sentries at the edges of spider's web forest, divide our foe's forces by luring them into its maze, and wound as many as we can.
take your men to north garrison at once and slay fujimaki.
fortify our border positions, and if inui refuses to move his men...
in truth, who would not dream of ruling over a vanquished castle?
it seems your son shall become great lord of that castle.
in this degenerate age, one must kill so as not to be killed.
i cannot help wondering if miki has already informed the great lord.
we'll quench their thirst with a sleeping potion mixed in sake.
as his guards dream, you shall slay the great lord, and denounce noriyasu as the murderer to his own men.
as he prepared to attack inui, our great lord died tragically, in the garrison at washizu's treasonous hand.
i, noriyasu, fought my way back to this castle with the prince under my protection.
if only there were an heir, this house would have great joy.
so i cannot persuade you of the folly in naming miki's son as heir to the throne of this castle?
if you choose to build a mountain of corpses, build its summit as high as you dare.
i'll lay a fresh mountain of corpses over these bleached bones.
none may defeat me, though heaven descends or the earth rends.
the spirit told me, until the trees of the forest rise to attack the castle,
i know how busy you are, and yet you come and see me off.
i'll buy you some pyjamas in new york to replace yours.
..as prince charles goes to meet the president of the french republic.
her majesty queen greta proceeds as he passes near us in full uniform - a good-looking man, smiling and apparently pleased with the warmth of his welcome.
in fact, it belongs to the only entity which god gave man: humanity.
once every century, a philosopher, a learned man, a doctor, a priest or a poet rises above the horizon.
he's with my wife and i'm going to smash his face in.
your majesty, may i present the president's chief advisor, mr legrand.
one generation passes away... and another generation comes... but the earth abides forever.
the sun also rises... and the sun goes down... and hastens to the place where he arose.
we were part of that spectacular lost generation of young people... who continued to live as though they were about to die.
number 49 avenue de l'opéra was the center of our working world... but we lived across the river on the left bank... in a bohemian world of poets, painters and writers.
mr. jackson is anxious to know how you're coming along on the league of nations piece.
tell him i'll have it for him sunday, and the woodrow wilson piece some time next week.
don't ask a lot of fool questions if you don't like the answers.
i didn't ask you for a rundown on her private life.
well, this wine is much too good for the toast drinking.
you should never mix up emotions with a wine like this, my dear.
caffeine puts a man on her horse and a woman in his grave.
say, didn't that friend of yours in paris who had all those pictures... say that we were the lost generation?
yes, she was a great talker, but i liked her pictures better.
whatever became of that girl who used to hang around in paris?
well, it's the running of the bulls from the corral up to the ring.
anyway, it gives the young men of the town a chance to show their bravery.
jake, you won't forget to come to dinner tonight, will you?
already it seems as if there are about six people missing.
i just didn't want to hurt him, and i knew that ultimately i would.
i thought i'd found someone who might make me forget you... but i found i was wrong.
one generation passes away... and another generation comes... but the earth abides forever.
the sun also rises... and the sun goes down... and hastens to the place where he arose.
we were part of that spectacular lost generation of young people... who continued to live as though they were about to die.
number 49 a venue de i'opéra was the center of our working world... but we lived across the river on the left bank... in a bohemian world of poets, painters and writers.
mr. jackson is anxious to know how you're coming along on the league of nations piece.
tell him i'll have it for him sunday, and the woodrow wilson piece some time next week.
well, this wine is much too good for the toast drinking.
you should never mix up emotions with a wine like this, my dear.
say, didn't that friend of yours in paris who had all those pictures... say that we were the lost generation?
yes, she was a great talker, but i liked her pictures better.
michael and i are going to get married, as soon as he straightens his finances out.
perhaps you'd like me to help you arrange a short-term loan.
well, it's the running of the bulls from the corral up to the ring.
anyway, it gives the young men of the town a chance to show their bravery.
oh, jake, uh, you won't forget to come to dinner tonight, will you?
already it seems as if there are about six people missing.
you know, he's only 22 years old... and i'm not gonna be one of those women who ruin children.
i knew the longer it lasted, the more it would hurt.
this film can't tell everyone's story and does not mention any real names.
baaisrud himself, has supervised this production so it wouid meet his one and most important note:
you and i can take that chance, but we're involving many others.
if i can vouch for him after talking to him ...
if their dresses are like yours, they'll be the most beautiful girls at the party, even if, damn it, a little bit uncomfortable.
oh dear, you know, i also was beautiful, but now i know i'm nothing extraordinary...
hm, i hope at least one of our daughters will be appreciated by our neighbour.
ooh, a rich unmarried man, providence cares about me, 4 or 5 thousand pounds per year, in the castle of netherfield.
she's not as beautiful as jenny, and she is not as likeable as lydia or as elegant as mary.
but you always think of her better maybe because she was born first.
elizabeth is the only one smart and she is not annoying as her sisters.
bennet, how can you speak like this about your own creatures?
let's hope you'll get better soon, so to help your daughters to find some brilliant young man.
dear, don't pretend to be interested in your daughters future, since you consider them stupid and ignorant...
shameless girls, they don't leave him alone, not even for one dance.
but this is the second time he is dancing with jenny.
oh, i absolutely agree with you, i have never been so bored.
how dull, noisy and full of themselves are those provincial people,
and right now i am not in the mood to be concerned with girls, who are of no interest to any other man.
you'll better go to your girl, you are wasting your time with me.
oh no, you are wrong, given his title and his money, they will certainly think he has the right to be proud.
and i'm sure he is the first to think that he has to be pretentious.
he is unable to judge for now, soon he will regret his london.
i don't think so, especially if he will keep her promise to become of her sister, you'll see.
my kindness, as you say, it's a duty of every good host.
and regarding you being a stranger, if not considering the uniform you wear, it would have been enough the fact that you consider yourself david darcy's friend.
the pathetic history of a man who had always defended himself, or the drama of an inheritance swept by a smart friend?
or the tragedy of an officer who must pay a gambling debt in less than 24 hours?
i will gladly help an officer of his majesty, and i think we don't have to say anything to darcy about this.
you are very kind mr bingley, but i would have come dressed like a tramp just to not use the power of my uniform... if i also could have not used darcy's name.
it's true i have only 24 hours for my debt, but it's not this trivial issue which bothers me,
but it's also true that david darcy is my debtor, but some unfortunate circumstances prevented me to go directly to him,
one day you'll know everything bingley, and that day i will feel relaxed.
before that day you will already have returned me the money, so you can feel relaxed from now.
good, so i don't have to tell you again that our modest condition doesn't permit us neither to buy other horses, nor to not use the two we have on the field, just to take your daughters to uncertain and hypothetical husbands.
whatever you say, my dear, i'm in a good mood this morning.
in that case i would ask you to tell him to stop the rain, because i must go out.
my credit was to make jenny go while it was starting to rain.
listen, if you are the owner of a castle and you have a guest totally wet, would you have the courage to send her away after a few hours?
you certainly would, but not bingley, who cares about our jenny so much, that he would let her stay at the castle for a week.
okay, so if your daughter will get cold, if she will die, we'll at least comfort ourselves, knowing that she was able to "hunt" mr bingley as you wished.
oh, people don't die for a cold, you sneeze at the most, and i'm sure they'll take care of her.
then it's fortunate that it's not up to you to do that.
tell your sister that i'm very proud of her harp's progress, and that...
please, wait until the next letter, there is no more space in this one.
carol, you should go to jenny to see how she is feeling.
oh no, oh working man, an attorney, and they also have a magistrate relation who lives in lipsyde.
even if they had thousands of uncles, all magistrates, they couldn't be lovelier.
oh we don't want to bother you, i could stay with her...
actually i just came here to take a book, if i may, and then i'll go back to her.
i didn't know you were interested in characters, it's a pleasant intellectual occupation.
useful to separate insincere people from sincere ones, the humble from the presumptuous.
- yes, they know how to lacquer a table, to cover a screen, to make net bags, and they think this means to be educated.
actually i can say i know only 5 or 6 girls who really are well educated.
you'll see darcy, that the good lady will honour us with a visit, and she will certainly start describing her daughters' qualities.
or she'll tell us lydia is capable of making pancakes or about that young man who fell in love with jenny and wrote a poem for her when she was only 15 years old.
as for me it's a pity, that you have ended any relations with me.
but even if so, today is the anniversary of my aunt's passing.
he is a naive person, but now, when i go out almost every day, he starts to suspect something.
even if we meet not so often, it is necessary to always be careful.
if it becomes worse, it will be necessary to cut off the foot.
it is bad, that when he was injured, he did not immediately clean the wound.
i'm one of those officers who has forgotten what he learned there.
i suppose you want me to talk to the men again.
you can imagine what that sounded like to me out here.
scott says you sometimes get as much as $1,000 a job.
i hope they'll believe it was your idea to kill those guides.
but the sight of it, just lying there, a year's salary in every handful.
the dead soldier- he did not tell you where to find the white blanket of the maricopas?
he told me it was in a box canyon above the timberline.
my report to the inspector general will state that wilson was accidentally killed while negotiating with the maricopas.
that, in my opinion, no action is warranted against this tribe.
it'll be at least 20 years before harvey has a chance to find out.
we have a dozen complaints against him, including theft of post funds.
well, i figured i'd be dealing with a valley rancher like myself.
someone who was up in arms, what with broken fence and trampled crops.
i wanted to see what was what and who was who.
i'm afraid you left me, mr. callender, back there with the broken fence.
"he's authorised to receive from the finder the horse i lost a few days ago, said horse being described as a palomino quarter horse,
15 hands high, white right-hind foot, blazed face, white mane and tail.
if callender finds that horse before we do, he'll use it to claim that lois was involved in the robbery.
it'll give him another lever to force her to come back to him.
he didn't check out for more than an hour after you called.
my man was hiding right in that mop closet, hating every second and waiting for sheldon to leave.
miss fenton left these in your wastebasket at the richmell hotel.
when i knocked at your door, you hid her in the bathroom.
they already know a girl described as lois fenton called on callender at 2:23 just two minutes after you left him.
but you don't think lois killed him, or that i did?
you know, paul said tragg's out to get you this time.
both faulkner and the hotel detective identified the woman who called on callender at 2:23 as lois fenton.
i went to the door, and i was so afraid of him, mr. mason.
i started to run, and, well, the elevator looked so far away,
- do you know what happens to little girls who lie to their lawyers?
in murder cases, they wind up in death row at san quentin.
if they happen to be nice-looking, they might have a fifty-fifty chance of making the women's prison at tehachapi.
cooped up in a cell with no makeup, the drab routine--
why is it every time a man's been victimized by a woman, every other woman he knows starts beaming with delight?
could be that mentally, they're putting him on their sucker list.
he's admitted to the police that he stole her horse and made the burglary attempt at callender's ranch.
and the police have the saddle with the bullet in it.
how long does it take to stick a sword into a man?
well, more than that just to find and pick up a weapon.
does the defence wish to make its opening at this time?
no, your honour, we will reserve our opening statement until we start putting on our defence.
you can sit in a dark room and see inside the box, but the people inside the box can't see you.
there are lines on the back so you can tell how tall the people are.
well, when she first entered the shadow box, she didn't talk very clear.
she was sulky and kind of non-cooperative and kept her head down.
the sergeant didn't like her appearance, and there was an argument between him and another officer, so he had her brought back the second time.
how long an interval passed between the first and second time?
- i propose to prove she's the one whom the witnesses have identified as being the defendant.
the woman who was in the richmell hotel at 20 minutes past 2 on the morning of the 17th.
it goes to the motivation and the interest of the witness, if the court please.
the question is leading, but i think i'll overrule the objection.
so sergeant holcomb asked the witnesses to see the girl again under better circumstances.
he then sent lois fenton into the shadow box, knowing the witnesses would re-identify her.
later, he put the defendant, lois fenton, back in the shadow box for the second time.
but at that time, there was no one else on the other side of the screen.
assuming that you were telling the truth and they were too, then it must have been somebody else, not you, that they identified the first time.
the court would like to know whether or not this witness,
this witness has admitted making false testimony, and i now order her into custody to await such action as may be taken.
mr. burger, on the basis of miss kilby's testimony, it appears your case against the defendant has collapsed.
no, callender was killed while he was showing the fan to a certain person.
he wanted to prove that i hadn't found the horse, just a fan.
the japanese state is billing us also the electricity used by the american air force base.
according to my research, if the american would leave japan, the actual thermal power stations would become useless.
it doesn't have to be done within the next hour, of course.
and, if you agree with the obtained numbers everyone will pay only what they have consumed.
i don't earn anything with the draining, it's just to help out.
in any case, you have asked for 50 yens salary increase.
a pig pen or a dog house, you can say that only if you pay the rent on time.
a lazy pimp like you should feel lucky to have a roof over your head.
why doesn't he come to me if he has something to say?
so what you're saying is that mr. kuroki wants to buy the apartment.
so you don't have a lightbulb of more than five watts.
i have the bulb, but i don't turn the light on.
even if you don't stamp it, this place will be demolished by the prefecture anyway.
if you stamp it now, your husband will be coming back.
once upon a time, a boy and girl, both pure of heart, were attending the same junior college.
young, good-looking, perfect in every way, they enjoyed a beautiful friendship.
but there was a villain dwelling in the boy's apartment building.
he corrupted the boy, and with great ease -- how shall i put it?
the girl in question left college and started studying english shorthand.
having fallen in with the wrong people, she grew more and more decadent, until she and the villain became friends.
they want to put it where the side street dips a bit.
mr. wakana got angry and refused to put up the money.
the express train for aomori scheduled to depart at 21:30 will leave from track 12, with stops at omiya, toyama, utsunomiya...
good thing we came early and got good seats close to the bathrooms.
i thought it only right that i be allowed to relax.
after all, the rules of television seem weighed far too much in favor of the viewer.
you'd think we were stealing their money instead of doing them a favor.
we, knights of the golden lodge, pledge ourselves in brotherhood, unstintingly, to help our fellow members and those less fortunate than ourselves.
the board meeting of the knights of the golden lodge is now in session.
it distresses me to inform you that after months of hard work by our sales committee, we have yet to sell our first plot.
brother elkins, i'm sure your golf score is of great interest.
but at the moment, we have more serious things to consider.
i merely want to impress you with the fact that our members seem to be ignoring our unselfish efforts on their behalf.
meanwhile, taxes and cost of upkeep continue to climb, while the project remains a park, instead of a final resting place where our dear brothers may lie down at the end of a weary journey.
when things are slow in used cars, i run a contest.
now, suppose we give a plot away as a door prize at the next lodge dance?
harry, you're coming by later to take me to the movie, aren't you, darling?
i mean, i asked mrs. collins from down the hall to come and sit with daddy.
to say nothing of the taxes and upkeep on the property.
maybe he's just holding out long enough, just to see his daughter married.
sort of an insurance policy in reverse, with the death benefits going to the company.
i admit it sounds crazy, but it seemed like a good idea at the time.
maybe we could sell the land for a housing tract, or a golf course.
not while clarence weems is an active member of this lodge!
he's depriving his fellow members of the ultimate benefits of elysium park.
we'll appeal to him in the sacred name of the lodge.
if he has one spark of decency left, he's got to listen to us.
asking a man to die as a duty to his lodge, that's asking a lot.
and in desperation, the trustees finally converted their park into a track for dog racing.
it proved more popular than a cemetery, and rather profitable, too.
after all, the rules of television seem weighed far too much in favor of the viewer.
you can relax in your home, while i must stay here in this drafty studio.
we, knights of the golden lodge, pledge ourselves in brotherhood, unstintingly, to help our fellow members and those less fortunate than ourselves.
the board meeting of the knights of the golden lodge is now in session.
it distresses me to inform you that after months of hard work by our sales committee, we have yet to sell our first plot.
well, maybe if we didn't call it a cemetery, maybe if we called it something else, like a resting place or something.
but at the moment, we have more serious things to consider.
i merely want to impress you with the fact that our members seem to be ignoring our unselfish efforts on their behalf.
believe me, no one's signing up until we've got a customer in the ground.
i believe brother brown has hit the nail on the head, gentlemen.
an auctioneer by trade, but a credit to the lodge and to the community.
yes, now that i recall, he ceased being an active member over a year ago.
well, maybe i won't be a burden to her much longer.
so you've come to cheer a sick man up, have you?
it takes something out of a man when he loses his wife and then his business.
clarence let himself get run down, he seemed to be wasting away.
not while clarence weems is an active member of this lodge!
he swore a solemn oath to uphold the best interests of the lodge.
we'll appeal to him in the sacred name of the lodge.
if he has one spark of decency left, he's got to listen to us.
it proved more popular than a cemetery, and rather profitable, too.
one of the consolations of being ill is the gifts one receives.
after all, the rules of television seem weighed far too much in favor of the viewer.
you can relax in your home, while i must stay here in this drafty studio.
we, knights of the golden lodge, pledge ourselves in brotherhood, unstintingly, to help our fellow members and those less fortunate than ourselves.
the board meeting of the knights of the golden lodge is now in session.
it distresses me to inform you that after months of hard work by our sales committee, we have yet to sell our first plot.
well, maybe if we didn't call it a cemetery, maybe if we called it something else, like a resting place or something.
but at the moment, we have more serious things to consider.
i merely want to impress you with the fact that our members seem to be ignoring our unselfish efforts on their behalf.
believe me, no one's signing up until we've got a customer in the ground.
i believe brother brown has hit the nail on the head, gentlemen.
an auctioneer by trade, but a credit to the lodge and to the community.
yes, now that i recall, he ceased being an active member over a year ago.
well, maybe i won't be a burden to her much longer.
so you've come to cheer a sick man up, have you?
it takes something out of a man when he loses his wife and then his business.
clarence let himself get run down, he seemed to be wasting away.
not while clarence weems is an active member of this lodge!
he swore a solemn oath to uphold the best interests of the lodge.
we'll appeal to him in the sacred name of the lodge.
if he has one spark of decency left, he's got to listen to us.
it proved more popular than a cemetery, and rather profitable, too.
one of the consolations of being ill is the gifts one receives.
can you imagine the clod that would fall for this imbecile...
who turns down money so someone else can pick it up?
you must open up in the morning and close at night.
you get half an hour for lunch and 3 sundays off a month.
you marry a young girl, chaste and reserved, that later you wouldn't recognize.
a madwoman who cheats on me for the fun of it!
and for that they should be dazzled, intoxicated by the lights, the shine on the merchandise.
it drives them mad, it goes to their heads, it's temptation!
but it was a dirty love, even though we loved each other.
but if we didn't, we can console ourselves by saying there's no such thing.
"all observations of, reports on or public mention of strictly forbidden."
don't want more bods shoving their heads in the gas oven.
shortly afterwards, remote instruments recorded a fault in the fuel supplies, a break which was followed very rapidly by the runaway nuclear reaction.
there is no visual record of the research team's attempt to evacuate the control room.
i know a fella went by there and they nearly set on him.
if you want odd things to happen, well, just ask the government.
in the rocket research station in england, its twin reveals the same latent faults.
professor bernard quatermass and his staff, now including doctor leo pugh and his own daughter paula, realise that the extensive project to colonise the moon may have to be abandoned.
something like this, travelling at the correct angle, not too fast...
could skim through earth's atmosphere before breaking itself up, gradually losing speed through braking ellipses and even land in one piece.
we shall assume you did not go there as an enemy agent.
when we were near the plant, my friend was taken ill.
quatermass, we've had dealings for a number of years, you as a driving force of an enterprise of the future,
i as one of the obstructive civil servants you have to contend with.
he goes through the bulldozed debris of the village that occupied the site a year before and comes upon weathered remains of the supposed meteorites by the hundred.
rebuffed by both civilian and police authorities, he finds out from fowler, a contact at the ministry, that the mysterious plant is to produce synthetic food.
a picture is beginning to form, however sketchily, of a unique process which is no longer unique.
to extend these indications to their farthest limits, it may be in danger of destruction.
messing us around when we're quiet and decent, not doing no harm, not leaving any litter about.
i don't know what this place is and i don't care.
before we begin the fourth episode of "quatermass ii", we would like to say that it is not suitable for children or those of you who may have a nervous disposition.
probing the mystery of the pseudo-meteorites that take a violent effect on humans with whom they come into contact,
analysis shows that this synthetic food is a deadly poison to any living thing... on the earth.
meanwhile, by radio telescope, the source of the meteorites has been located.
for the past year, this country, and probably others, has been under the influence of...
look, frank, you'll have to sub this to make it sound right.
a body, orbiting in space, nearing the earth every 14 hours.
as evidence grows that artificial means are being used to spread these living things and their contact infection, quatermass decides on desperate alternatives.
first, he orders the atomic rocket, with all its dangers, to be prepared for action, for time is short.
at the very moment of finding proof of further plague spots in the world, his ministry contact, fowler, is overcome.
conrad, infected by one of them, struggles to send a report.
meanwhile, in special squad uniform, quatermass manages to enter the plant where the recovered meteorites are being transferred to the first giant steel dome.
they'll think twice before they attack, for the sake of the apparatus.
get this beauty ready in case they bring anything heavy against us.
through an armoured panel i saw what came in those shell cases.
tiny things in their hundreds which, while i watched, grew into strong, powerful forms!
discharged from an asteroid near the earth, ammonid creatures are growing to monstrous size and power at the first of the steel pressure domes at winnerden flats.
discovery that the purpose of the vast secret plant, planned by infected human beings, is to harbour the ammonids in the re-created conditions of an outer planet leads to an armed riot by uninfected construction workers.
there is proof that other colonies exist in the world, almost ready for occupation.
convinced that his own freedom is now limited, quatermass decides on a desperate throw - to use the faulty nuclear rocket as an offensive weapon.
and my daughter wanted me to sit there and talk about it.
and then i got to thinking that i had to get up early.
i phoned the company lines' men to go out there right away.
- so, the telephone lines could have gone down anywhere between 11:59 and 4:45.
the airlines confirmed a commercial liner over ludlow at 12:03 last night.
and there are no atomic installations, secret or otherwise, within 75 miles of ludlow.
but we hope to develop one day a hybrid that can be eaten.
- how is it there hasn't been any publicity on this?
i used to fool around with radios and anything electrical when i was a kid.
i was a radar officer during the war and then i got into this when i got out.
ah, yes, i remember now, that every time i read one of your articles it was dateline from some are of flood or famine or war...
made me realize what a sheltered life we scientists really lead.
- it was a surplus to keep the market from being oversupplied.
- does it strike you as a little strange that out of all that wheat there's not a grain left anywhere?
- you're head of a government lab and you need lessons in botany?
- well, i try to teach him what i can about my field of study and he tries to teach me what he can about his.
the governor asked me to exercise discretion when dealing with you.
please don't make it any harder for me than it is.
so, a couple of months ago, they wandered into the grain elevator outside of town.
when they grew to this giant size, they pushed their way out.
he has faith in regimental fire power because he's seen it work.
but he's never come up against an enemy like this before.
as a matter of fact, in our own country, the early settlers of the massachusetts bay colony armed themselves with bundles of brush and drove millions of locusts into the sea.
now, today, despite the fact that we've developed powerful insecticides, the locust still inflicts damages to the tune of $25,000,000 in the united states alone.
imagine if you will, a locust that's grown bigger than a man, and is continuing to grow.
x de 1956 than others, but each one a deadly killer.
- the hill position in the suburbs of paxton must be held.
otherwise, the 100 miles between paxton and chicago will lie open.
- and with a lark of five divisions to the west and south of chicago.
general hansen is confident that he can keep the menace at bay.
units of the air force and marines are moving into position to back up those forces already deployed by the army.
but the one advantage our forces hold over the enemy is that they always reveal their intention to attack.
before every attack, the locust sent forth this warning in the form of a high pitched screech.
now, this screech increases in intensity until it reaches ear-shattering proportions.
- well, in other words, when we hit the correct sound or signal, the grasshopper will react to it and the polygraph will record the change.
now, you notice how steady and regular the movement of the needle is now?
look, up till now, we have been using a filtered signal and it hasn't worked.
but it's just possible that the hearing apparatus of the locust can detect harmonic frequencies above the human range.
well, to test these frequencies, i need every minute that's left.
if you'll just give me one man to replace miss aimes.
i suggest you use it by... by 5:45 at the very latest.
if you are successful, contact me at once, so i can stop the bomb.
- yes, but that's going to attract them to us, not into the water.
-well, first of all, it's imperative that every last one of the locusts hear the call.
now, in order to do that, we've got to get our amplifier speaker at the highest possible point to get the maximum range.
now, we've got ours on the roof of this building, which is one of the tallest in chicago.
-well, that's where our observation posts and the helicopter come in.
from air reports, we'll know the exact location of the locusts at all times.
i just want you to cast a thought for those thousands of old folk, poor, friendless old folk.
you see, they look up to me as their guide and comforter.
we are gathered here for the presentation of the annual purity prize for literature.
flora is read by the highest and lowest, the youngest and oldest in the land.
i really love him, and i'm nobody without him, so, please, please, leave me alone.
i'm sorry, but it would still make a good supporting feature.
so, if you're letting me have some gelignite, i'll be doing the job.
but why are we talking in the cursed tongue, when we have the gaelic?
remember, before you pop him in, you must take his keys.
but why should i have to do all the dirty work?
you know, i have come back to clear up one small point.
do you mean to say i really get all that with such a small premium?
admiral kinley says he's had one leak in the past 15 years.
even so, 200 miles out in the atlantic in a frail craft like that.
the fact that i write of detection, crime and sudden death and prefer the title of d mandeville to that of my own name of desiree minsch is probably responsible for this misconception.
we are gathered here for the presentation of the annual purity prize for literature.
i really love him, and i'm nobody without him, so, please, please, leave me alone.
i'm sorry, but it would still make a good supporting feature.
i'll put my report in... and i'll try and get them before they close.
i haven't got a cork with me, so i'll be back later...
desiree, you are the expert on crime, how would one obtain a mickey finn?
well, i get all dope on drugs from a little crook called maury fish.
'tis the albert hall at all, and we've run out of the jelly.
so, if you're letting me have some gelignite, i'll be doing the job.
you know, i have come back to clear up one small point.
do you mean to say i really get all that with such a small premium?
did you call in to report that you were going off duty?
i was upstairs when i heard lt. kilrain is in with the chief.
in regard to your letter of june 21st, comma, our shipment of 70 dozen shirts comma, style c-136, thru f-420, comma was dispatched on may 9th according to your shipping instructions, period.
we're forwarding your letter to mr. smith for further action, comma...
he's never gotten over angelina poletti, a girl he met in italy during the war.
they were very much in love they were going to get married.
according to the coroner, father tomasino was killed at 11 o'clock.
according to malatesta he was playing cards at a place called the vallejo club.
he says he doesn't want me to blow my money in a card game.
the more you tell me, the more he sounds like a nice guy.
i drive down from petaluma to play a little snooker with sylvio.
last time i come down i had to take him out of a poker game to slaughter him.
best snooker player in san francisco helped me pick it out for you.
if you can't beat charlie with that you might as well give up the game.
joe, would it make it easier if we don't get married?
anna, it's the one thing i'm trying to hold on to.
why was i a dope to see charlie on a friday night?
my husband works a split shift and gets home by two.
lieutenant, if malatesta killed father tomasino i'll walk him to the gas chamber myself.
but all we've got so far is the fact that he wasn't at the horizon club for about an hour.
all he will tell you is that he loved the priest.
in 72 hours you're gonna have to let him go again.
you gotta have people around so you that don't have a chance to think.
but you can't stop thinking because it's inside of your brain and you can't tear it out.
you made love to anna, even asked her to marry you just so that you could get at me, didn't you?
i have lived in hell for years just to keep my family from being hurt.
did you call in to report that you were going off duty?
i was upstairs when i heard lt. kilrain is in with the chief.
in regard to your letter of june 21st, comma, our shipment of 70 dozen shirts comma, style c-136, thru f-420, comma was dispatched on may 9th according to your shipping instructions, period.
we're forwarding your letter to mr. smith for further action, comma...
he's never gotten over angelina poletti, a girl he met in italy during the war.
they were very much in love they were going to get married.
according to the coroner, father tomasino was killed at 11 o'clock.
according to malatesta he was playing cards at a place called the vallejo club.
he says he doesn't want me to blow my money in a card game.
the more you tell me, the more he sounds like a nice guy.
i drive down from petaluma to play a little snooker with sylvio.
last time i come down i had to take him out of a poker game to slaughter him.
best snooker player in san francisco helped me pick it out for you.
if you can't beat charlie with that you might as well give up the game.
joe, would it make it easier if we don't get married?
anna, it's the one thing i'm trying to hold on to.
why was i a dope to see charlie on a friday night?
my husband works a split shift and gets home by two.
lieutenant, if malatesta killed father tomasino i'll walk him to the gas chamber myself.
but all we've got so far is the fact that he wasn't at the horizon club for about an hour.
all he will tell you is that he loved the priest.
in 72 hours you're gonna have to let him go again.
you gotta have people around so you that don't have a chance to think.
but you can't stop thinking because it's inside of your brain and you can't tear it out.
you made love to anna, even asked her to marry you just so that you could get at me, didn't you?
i have lived in hell for years just to keep my family from being hurt.
"butcher hansen is going to copenhagen at the end of the week"
"and he told me i could come along in his car."
we know those guys hanging out there and it gets bad for most of them.
they become tough, don't want to work and many of them end up as criminals.
at first i had thought about a couple of days ...
if i tried to get a job here, we could see each more often.
this is st. germain des pres blvd... where the existentialists felt at home, alongside those who simply exist.
and this is our young man... the one behind the bus.
you can go get your things in a half an hour.
please take us in... if you don't want my teeth to fall out.
monpti has met up with a friend, another hungarian in these fine circumstances.
they haven't seen each other in a long time and have a lot to tell each other.
even if you can't marry me, i promise you... here before god.
the first lady in the fourth row, at the corner; that's my mother.
how do you think i learned to stand up to him
by having' feelings every time i got kicked in the teeth?
and the moment he tries to pass it, they'll arrest him.
well, he can't involve us without implicating himself on a murder charge.
and a little blond head that fitted just perfectly on your shoulder!
it's no use, miss hamilton, i saw you on the train.
before we start congratulating ourselves, let's remember we've still got 900 miles to go.
900 miles, through every cop between here and the coast and you laugh it up like a couple of clowns.
in the first place, there's over a million and a half people down there.
let's face it: you can get lost in a town that size, right?
me and the kid'll take a boat, and by the time we get there everything will have cooled off.
then i'll get harold (that's my kid) i'll get harold one of those sports jobs.
discovery of the robbery and broadcasting of the alarm was delayed because of the remote locale of the train hold-up [unintelligible] in the area during the night and early morning hours.
police, who have issued a 10-state alarm described it as the biggest train robbery in american history and by the apparent speed with which it was executed, the best-planned.
i didn't even think they were going to flash the yellow.
so instead of holding position i figured it'd be best if i got past the wreck, fast.
we take you now to john oliver in salt lake city for further news on the gold train robbery.
the first break in the fabulous gold robbery occurred about an hour and... a half ago, when a part of the $10 million...
a huge dragnet for the white stocking- faced bandits has now spread to 23 states, with still no trace of the truck believed to be carrying the remainder of the $10 million in gold.
the engineer and fireman of the train, injured during the raid and the guards who were rendered unconscious by the gas fumes have all been released from the hospital at vandervere, utah.
in an effort to trap the elusive gold bandits, police have tightened the web by calling in reservists, thus allowing them to establish an unprecedented number of roadblocks, covering every highway and back road as far east as ohio.
authorities have asked all trucking companies to put as few vehicles on the road as possible, in an attempt to narrow down the truck traffic.
i figure that if a guy is going to make it, he's got to specialize.
he's got to find one thing and stick to it, no matter what.
we now take you to salt lake city, where our special correspondent john oliver is standing by with further information on the gold train robbery.
the grim shadow of murder may have fallen over the desperate flight of the gold thieves tonight.
less than an hour ago, a passing motorist discovered the body of an elderly gas station attendant, shot to death near lynn, nevada.
police ruled out robbery as a motive when the victim's wallet and the money in the cash drawer were found untouched.
an unusually large sale was still registered on the gas pump leading the authorities to suspect the assailant to have been the driver of a commercial vehicle.
investigators are now working on the possibility that the killer may have been one of the gold train robbers.
astute police work tonight brought about the capture of two more members of the gang that held up the gold train.
less than an hour ago, guards at the small weighing station at dalton, ca investigated the overweight load of a truck heading west and found one third of the stolen gold hidden in a load of coffee.
but you know better than i do, i can't let anyone break that seal.
buddy, we could impound this whole truck, if we had to.
some authorities believe the bandits may not be headed for the border, as reported earlier, but might have gone into hiding somewhere in california.
these officials point out that the two trucks thus far captured were both taken on roads which terminate in california.
before we start congratulating ourselves, let's remember we've still got 900 miles to go.
900 miles, through every cop between here and the coast and you laugh it up like a couple of clowns.
in the first place, there's over a million and a half people down there.
let's face it: you can get lost in a town that size, right?
me and the kid'll take a boat, and by the time we get there everything will have cooled off.
then i'll get harold (that's my kid) i'll get harold one of those sports jobs.
discovery of the robbery and broadcasting of the alarm was delayed because of the remote locale of the train hold-up [unintelligible] in the area during the night and early morning hours.
police, who have issued a 10-state alarm described it as the biggest train robbery in american history and by the apparent speed with which it was executed, the best-planned.
i didn't even think they were going to flash the yellow.
so instead of holding position i figured it'd be best if i got past the wreck, fast.
the engineer and fireman of the train, injured during the raid and the guards who were rendered unconscious by the gas fumes have all been released from the hospital at vandervere, utah.
in an effort to trap the elusive gold bandits, police have tightened the web by calling in reservists, thus allowing them to establish an unprecedented number of roadblocks, covering every highway and back road as far east as ohio.
the grim shadow of murder may have fallen over the desperate flight of the gold thieves tonight.
less than an hour ago, a passing motorist discovered the body of an elderly gas station attendant, shot to death near lynn, nevada.
police ruled out robbery as a motive when the victim's wallet and the money in the cash drawer were found untouched.
an unusually large sale was still registered on the gas pump leading the authorities to suspect the assailant to have been the driver of a commercial vehicle.
we now take you to salt lake city and our special correspondent john oliver.
astute police work tonight brought about the capture of two more members of the gang that held up the gold train.
less than an hour ago, guards at the small weighing station at dalton, ca investigated the overweight load of a truck heading west and found one third of the stolen gold hidden in a load of coffee.
authorities are certain that the remainder of the gang and the still-missing third are in another truck, still at large.
buddy, we could impound this whole truck, if we had to.
alright, you can have the whole truck, but not until i get somebody's name, and that paper.
these officials point out that the two trucks thus far captured were both taken on roads which terminate in california.
no news of the phantom truck carrying $3.5 million in gold continues to be the big news up to this hour.
yeah, but if somebody busts in, you know what they're going to find?
one car registered to mrs. cora riley and the other to ann martin.
i'm not going to relax until we get on that freeway and out of l.a.
the boat doesn't leave until 11:00 but we do have to have the car on the loading dock by 10:15.
yeah, but if we knew about it, we could have taken the off-road!
we haven't moved a a mile in the last 5 minutes.
let's face it: you can get lost in a town that size, right?
me and the kid'll take a boat, and by the time we get there everything will have cooled off.
and they've got a lot of hills, where you can buy a house and nobody knows anything about it.
and every day you can drive down to the bay and the beach of copaca-
at approximately 4 a.m. this morning, an unknown number of men dressed in plastic coveralls, and with ghostly white stockings covering their faces stopped and looted a special train, carrying over 10 million dollars in gold to the san francisco depository.
discovery of the robbery and broadcasting of the alarm was delayed because of the remote locale of the train hold-up [unintelligible] in the area during the night and early morning hours.
police, who have issued a 10-state alarm described it as the biggest train robbery in american history and by the apparent speed with which it was executed, the best-planned.
the men were dressed in plastic coveralls and with ghos-- 12-l-1 to the station...
police are asking all citizens to be on the lookout for 2 vehicles one a large moving van, the other a crane truck reported to be the vehicles used by the ghost-faced bandits.
anyone seeing vehicles of this description traveling in company or forked together, please notify your local police at once.
the engineer and fireman of the train, injured during the raid and the guards who were rendered unconscious by the gas fumes have all been released from the hospital at vandervere, utah.
in an effort to trap the elusive gold bandits, police have tightened the web by calling in reservists, thus allowing them to establish an unprecedented number of roadblocks, covering every highway and back road as far east as ohio.
the grim shadow of murder may have fallen over the desperate flight of the gold thieves tonight.
less than an hour ago, a passing motorist discovered the body of an elderly gas station attendant, shot to death near lynn, nevada.
police ruled out robbery as a motive when the victim's wallet and the money in the cash drawer were found untouched.
an unusually large sale was still registered on the gas pump leading the authorities to suspect the assailant to have been the driver of a commercial vehicle.
we now take you to salt lake city and our special correspondent john oliver.
astute police work tonight brought about the capture of two more members of the gang that held up the gold train.
less than an hour ago, guards at the small weighing station at dalton, ca investigated the overweight load of a truck heading west and found one third of the stolen gold hidden in a load of coffee.
authorities are certain that the remainder of the gang and the still-missing third are in another truck, still at large.
buddy, we could impound this whole truck, if we had to.
alright, you can have the whole truck, but not until i get somebody's name, and that paper.
these officials point out that the two trucks thus far captured were both taken on roads which terminate in california.
no news of the phantom truck carrying $3.5 million in gold continues to be the big news up to this hour.
yeah, but if somebody busts in, you know what they're going to find?
one car registered to mrs. cora riley and the other to ann martin.
i'm not going to relax until we get on that freeway and out of l.a.
the boat doesn't leave until 11:00 but we do have to have the car on the loading dock by 10:15.
- remember what i told you now: the whitman hotel in san pedro.
look officer, you got lots better things to do than this.
you can lead a horse to water, but you can't make him drink.
first we get the marriage out of the way, then the festival, eh?
well, maybe you know wine, mister, but you sure don't know ranching.
if you're so all-fired smart, how come you ain't got a herd of cattle bringing you in money off of land and feed?
and i told you i was just marrying her to protect her reputation.
that don't mean i touched her before or that i'm gonna touch her after.
how come you're so anxious to get rid of me all of a sudden?
all day you been telling me what nice folks these people are.
i mean, just because they don't do things like my people, that don't mean they ain't real down-to- earth folks, too.
i mean, just 'cause this abajinian girl gets me, well... well...
now, what i'm trying to say is, is that a man don't want a wife that chases him.
this helen, man... well, if i have to live with her...
the origin of their dances is lost in antiquity- a flavor of greece, persia, perhaps even of minoa- but those dances, o'riley, are a language- the most compelling, understandable, universal language of mankind.
well, maybe so, but... nah, i ain't interested in dances and...
besides abajinian, the kurds are scholars wearing silk coats and speaking seven languages.
you would let your daughter bring to her marriage her bedding and her clothing.
and i reply that besides abajinian, the poorest arab in a mud hut is a caliph, dispensing gifts of amber and silver.
beside abajinian, the serpent becomes an animal of stature and dignity.
¶ his fast gun for hire, heeds the calling wind ¶
¶ a soldier of fortune, is the man called pal-a-din ¶
that new kid of mine could keep this laundry busy all alone.
well, i'll give him all the diapers he needs on the house.
well, we have a kind of pipeline to the da's office and we know that this malaks person's been visiting the da.
and once an assistant da himself went to see malaks at his own apartment.
he might give us a lead as to where they are.
here's $10,000 to see that johnny and his bride get away in luxury.
i tell everybody, my son eddie, he send me the finest icebox in new york.
oh, mama, when are you going to stop calling it an icebox?
in your letters, you seemed to have a lot of worries on your mind.
oh, so i got worries, so i take care of them.
norah had something to do with it, yeah, not that she ever asked me to or told me to.
no, eddie, it's because she's clean and good, the first decent thing that ever happened to me.
then when i found out we were going to have a kid,
i wanted to make sure there'd be one rico who could grow up free of all the things that you, gino or i ever grew up with.
come on, there's nothing you can do now but go along or take the fall with him.
tell johnny to go out to the road and meet the boys.
the minute i hang up, i want you to leave the house.
make it look as if you were just going to the market, do you understand?
he showed me a plush lined rat hole and i crawled in and made it my home.
but you had nothing to do with all that filth and corruption and killing.
enough to get my wife out of the country and to help take care of her.
before i do anything else, i've got to make sure she's in the clear.
you got to find some other way of getting to him.
set up a date someplace where a.45 won't interrupt the conversation.
mr. martin, will you tell us a little about your late tenant?
his previous address, references, business habits, friends, that sort of thing?
oh, i've been mixed up in so many murders and robberies and whatnot, it's an old story to me.
i'm always losing me job because me employer got arrested or shot or something.
strange room, a fired pistol, a bullet and no cartridge case.
shall i send the pistol and the wallet down to the yard, sir?
two ladies in the other wing, and one empty flat there.
they've all been told not to leave until you've seen them, sir.
"i must repeat that i have nothing whatever to discuss with you.
"i do not wish to see you either here at my flat or"...
i remember because when i told him the count was out, he gave me a funny look and said, "he's in, all right, he's just afraid to see me. "
then you'd know him, you think, if you saw him again?
wouldn't know he was ever in the place, if he hadn't left the rent that time.
do you go in to turn the bed down at night whether he's there or not?
perhaps i should tell you that johnson, one of the liftmen here, says he can positively identify you.
and that you called in to see the count one afternoon.
if we'd known what we do now, it might not have been necessary for you to come.
however, now that you're here, all we want to ask you is what you know about count mattoni.
but i told you, inspector, i've never heard of the man.
i'm sure you'll have some good reason for saying that, sir, but, uh...
and now, i shall like you to tell me everything you know about the murdered man.
well, you're obviously going to find out the truth sooner or later, so i might as well admit it.
i'm afraid you'll have to wait until our next show to find out more about just who killed the count.
personally, i shall welcome a week in which to think up some answers.
there's nothing i detest more than a murderer who tells fibs.
next time, we shall continue the strange case of count victor mattoni.
mr. martin, will you tell us a little about your late tenant?
his previous address, references, business habits, friends, that sort of thing?
oh, i've been mixed up in so many murders and robberies and whatnot, it's an old story to me.
i'm always losing me job because me employer got arrested or shot or something.
strange room, a fired pistol, a bullet and no cartridge case.
shall i send the pistol and the wallet down to the yard, sir?
two ladies in the other wing, and one empty flat there.
they've all been told not to leave until you've seen them, sir.
"i must repeat that i have nothing whatever to discuss with you.
"i do not wish to see you either here at my flat or"...
i remember because when i told him the count was out, he gave me a funny look and said, "he's in, all right, he's just afraid to see me. "
then you'd know him, you think, if you saw him again?
wouldn't know he was ever in the place, if he hadn't left the rent that time.
do you go in to turn the bed down at night whether he's there or not?
perhaps i should tell you that johnson, one of the liftmen here, says he can positively identify you.
and that you called in to see the count one afternoon.
if we'd known what we do now, it might not have been necessary for you to come.
however, now that you're here, all we want to ask you is what you know about count mattoni.
but i told you, inspector, i've never heard of the man.
i'm sure you'll have some good reason for saying that, sir, but, uh...
and now, i shall like you to tell me everything you know about the murdered man.
well, you're obviously going to find out the truth sooner or later, so i might as well admit it.
i'm afraid you'll have to wait until our next show to find out more about just who killed the count.
personally, i shall welcome a week in which to think up some answers.
there's nothing i detest more than a murderer who tells fibs.
next time, we shall continue the strange case of count victor mattoni.
mr. martin, will you tell us a little about your late tenant?
his previous address, references, business habits, friends, that sort of thing?
oh, i've been mixed up in so many murders and robberies and whatnot, it's an old story to me.
i'm always losing me job because me employer got arrested or shot or something.
strange room, a fired pistol, a bullet and no cartridge case.
shall i send the pistol and the wallet down to the yard, sir?
two ladies in the other wing, and one empty flat there.
they've all been told not to leave until you've seen them, sir.
"i must repeat that i have nothing whatever to discuss with you.
"i do not wish to see you either here at my flat or"...
i remember because when i told him the count was out, he gave me a funny look and said, "he's in, all right, he's just afraid to see me. "
then you'd know him, you think, if you saw him again?
wouldn't know he was ever in the place, if he hadn't left the rent that time.
do you go in to turn the bed down at night whether he's there or not?
perhaps i should tell you that johnson, one of the liftmen here, says he can positively identify you.
and that you called in to see the count one afternoon.
if we'd known what we do now, it might not have been necessary for you to come.
however, now that you're here, all we want to ask you is what you know about count mattoni.
but i told you, inspector, i've never heard of the man.
i'm sure you'll have some good reason for saying that, sir, but, uh...
and now, i shall like you to tell me everything you know about the murdered man.
well, you're obviously going to find out the truth sooner or later, so i might as well admit it.
i'm afraid you'll have to wait until our next show to find out more about just who killed the count.
personally, i shall welcome a week in which to think up some answers.
there's nothing i detest more than a murderer who tells fibs.
next time, we shall continue the strange case of count victor mattoni.
that's where our own special kind of security comes in, colonel.
a machine like this, it takes a specially trained operator, such as myself to feed in or get out much of anything.
except to a handful of cleared personnel, she's just another experimental model.
it's only the new, solid fuel that will give the required boost in payload.
mathematics here were checked by the best men on the project.
what length of time would be required to print out the steps involved in your answer?
well, i've been waiting a long time for that question, son.
a computer is simply an electronic adding-and-remembering machine its fundamental operation being not altogether unlike that of the human brain.
highly dubious conception, even theoretically in the remotest so common in industrial automation.
this process simply utilizes a fraction of the machine's output to monitor the entire operation.
you know, tom, sometimes i think you're turning into a computer yourself.
and to conclude, he has a freckled complexion, an iq of 130 he weighs about 80 pounds, 11 ounces... wand, uh, consistently refuses to comb his hair.
well, timmie, i want you to understand, i wouldn't do this for everybody.
it isn't exactly ethical to use this machine in the solution of a personal problem.
anyway, she didn't have to break up the works on me.
i just wish there was some way that she wouldn't see me every time i'm having fun.
now, listen, son, there's no use pretending because we know you're in the room.
if you're half as smart as you think you are you'll come when your father calls you.
if you only knew any geography, it's as far away as you can get.
a boy could go to the moon, if he really wanted.
the president has asked me to represent him in this crucial investigation, but, uh, of course we'll keep in touch.
the professor and i have studied your teletype report, dr. merrinoe.
possibly we'll find our answer to how and who if we ask ourselves why.
here in paragraph four this demand for a certain set of figures as the price for the boy's return.
depends just as much on the patient's emotional state, his actual will to live.
in certain intolerable situations, a man's unconscious mind can be the instrument of self-destruction.
it's never at conflict with itself over such human considerations as honor or love or pity.
like every living creature, it's motivated as some of you are now aware by an instinct for survival.
and in obeying this basic urge, it can of course tolerate no interference on the part of the human race.
this, gentlemen, and we ought to have foreseen it is the revolt of the machine.
with a little physical assistance on the part of its controlled servants it intends to put itself, section by section into orbit around the earth.
and from that day forever forward, earth will be its slave.
my robot is already in space and your son is completely in his hands.
you are of course aware that the robot is a skilled anatomist familiar with every fiber of the human nervous system and capable of inflicting pain for days, if necessary, without bestowing death.
is that the same joey evans that caused all that trouble... at the hi-ho club a few years back?
you mean the same joey evans who-- l've had a request to do a song that's dedicated to all the saloon keepers... who are blowing their liquor license called ""l didn't know what time lt was."'
she was one of those new kids, a little nervous, you know.
so i coached her a little bit, if you excuse the expression.
yes, sir, a thousand bucks to see our lovely hostess... do the number exactly as she did it on the new york stage.
well, not exactly because... she promised the police commissioner she would never do it that way again.
don't you have to run a song over with your boyfriend today?
if you're speaking about ned, i told you once and for all he's--
wouldn't want you to get any cockeyed impressions that you appeal to me.
the only thing about you that appeals to me is your m-u-n-y, money.
i guess you think maybe i don't know what fork to use.
well, you're right, i don't, but i wouldn't eat with those creeps anyway.
i could undress in the lobby of the fairmont hotel and... he'd never turn a hair.
so, you see, miss english... with you on the scene... i couldn't possibly reopen the club.
show me a law in the country that says i can't buy a doll a friendly drink.
no law, just don't buy a drink in your hotel room for a doll that's underage.
i was born right here in this town, right top of telegraph hill.
yes, sir, my mother was sending a wire at the time.
gets a little lonely traveling around the country all by yourself.
don't you have to run a song over with your boyfriend today?
well, he wired me for help when i was in new york.
i quit my job at the waldorf, and here i am.
what i really come up here for is to straighten you out... so you wouldn't get any wrong ideas why i made a play for you.
wouldn't want you to get any cockeyed impressions that you appeal to me.
- me... and mike and all the girls and everybody in the joint.
it's gonna be the same cast, the same booze but a new address.
secondly, i'm surprised your mother let you come to the big town.
well, my mother says a nice girl's a nice girl wherever she is.
chez joey won't open tonight... or tomorrow night or any other night after that.
i'm sorry to tell you this, kids, but the party's over.
you may not know it, but when joey told you to keep your clothes on today... he played the greatest love scene of his career.
i could undress in the lobby of the fairmont hotel and... he'd never turn a hair.
take more than a gold band and a two-buck license... to make an honest man out of a bum like me.
that's a little job i'm gonna have to work out myself.
well, i guess we weren't so bad at that, were we?
and i can use a girl in the act-- give it a little class.
a thousand bucks to see our lovely hostess do the number as she did it on the stage.
not exactly, because she promised the police commissioner she'd never do it that way again.
i wouldn't want you to get the impression that you appeal to me.
the only thing about you that appeals to me is your m-u-n-y.
he may not know it, but when he told you to keep your clothes on he played the greatest love scene of his career.
i could undress in the lobby of the fairmont hotel and he'd never turn a hair.
a thousand bucks to see our lovely hostess do the number as she did it on the stage.
not exactly, because she promised the police commissioner she'd never do it that way again.
i bet you don't even know who your old man is.
but don't worry about it, i don't know who mine is either.
and, well, he wired me for help when i was in new york.
i quit my job at the waldorf and here i am.
i really came here to straighten you out so you wouldn't get wrong ideas why i made a play.
i wouldn't want you to get the impression that you appeal to me.
i could undress in the lobby of the fairmont hotel and he'd never turn a hair.
so, you see, miss english with you on the scene i couldn't possibly reopen the club.
show me a law in the country that says i can't buy a doll a friendly drink.
no law, just don't buy a drink in your hotel room for a doll that's underage.
is that the same joey evans that caused all that trouble... at the hi-ho club a few years back?
you mean the same joey evans who-- l've had a request to do a song that's dedicated to all the saloon keepers... who are blowing their liquor license called "l didn't know what time lt was."
yes, sir, a thousand bucks to see our lovely hostess... do the number exactly as she did it on the new york stage.
well, not exactly because... she promised the police commissioner she would never do it that way again.
gets a little lonely traveling around the country all by yourself.
don't you have to run a song over with your boyfriend today?
well, he wired me for help when i was in new york.
i quit my job at the waldorf, and here i am.
what i really come up here for is to straighten you out... so you wouldn't get any wrong ideas why i made a play for you.
wouldn't want you to get any cockeyed impressions that you appeal to me.
i guess you think maybe i don't know what fork to use.
well, you're right, i don't, but i wouldn't eat with those creeps anyway.
you may not know it, but when joey told you to keep your clothes on today... he played the greatest love scene of his career.
i could undress in the lobby of the fairmont hotel and... he'd never turn a hair.
take more than a gold band and a two-buck license... to make an honest man out of a bum like me.
that's a little job i'm gonna have to work out myself.
a thousand bucks to see our lovely hostess do the number as she did it on the stage.
not exactly, because she promised the police commissioner she'd never do it that way again.
i wouldn't want you to get the impression that you appeal to me.
the only thing about you that appeals to me is your m-u-n-y.
he may not know it, but when he told you to keep your clothes on he played the greatest love scene of his career.
i could undress in the lobby of the fairmont hotel and he'd never turn a hair.
you'll be happy to learn that the children's hospital will be richer by $17,605.
it's a wee bit short of our goal of 20,000 but unfortunately, we seem to have run out of articles to auction.
i bet you don't even know who your old man is.
but don't worry about it, i don't know who mine is either.
and, well, he wired me for help when i was in new york.
i quit my job at the waldorf and here i am.
i really came here to straighten you out so you wouldn't get wrong ideas why i made a play.
i wouldn't want you to get the impression that you appeal to me.
i could undress in the lobby of the fairmont hotel and he'd never turn a hair.
so, you see, miss english with you on the scene i couldn't possibly reopen the club.
it's a wee bit short of our goal of 20,000 but unfortunately, we seem to have run out of articles to auction.
just a minute, mrs. simpson. i believe i have something to auction.
i bet you don't even know who your old man is.
but don't worry about it, i don't know who mine is either.
and, well, he wired me for help when i was in new york.
i quit my job at the waldorf and here i am.
i wouldn't want you to get the impression that you appeal to me.
the only thing about you that appeals to me is your m-u-n-y.
it could be yours too. i've got an idea for a number in the show.
tell me, just what do i have to do for it?
i could undress in the lobby of the fairmont hotel and he'd never turn a hair.
so, you see, miss english with you on the scene i couldn't possibly reopen the club.
"in his spirit of st. louis, ready to take off on the big hop."
"after making the final inspection of his plane, the spirit of st. louis,
how long can you fly these old wrecks and stay alive?
the company ought to get you some real airplanes, fix up the landing fields, set beacons out along the way.
you keep strangling your gut, you'll get indigestion, then you'll get appendicitis, just when you're out in the backwoods somewhere and no doctor near, so they have to fly in a doctor from the nearest town.
airplane falls, a doctor gets killed and you, well, you die.
well, i had my appendix out when i was in high school.
well, anyway, what i'm trying to say is the people nowadays are all bughouse.
well, my name is charles lindbergh, and i'm talking to you from st. louis, missouri.
and i represent a group of very prominent businessmen out here, and we're organizing a new york to paris flight and we've been considering your bellanca.
now all i have to do is find a group of prominent businessmen with $15,000, that's all.
i've never been much of a talker, i guess, but for six weeks i've talked more than i ever have in my life.
some said no, some said maybe, and that's about as far as i've gotten.
now, harry knight, he's a flying student of mine, has arranged for me to meet some people here in the state national bank.
- you understand, of course, mr. lindbergh, that before we at the globe-democrat can lend our support, we must make absolutely sure that we're not financing a suicide.
well, the idea of suicide never crossed my mind, except maybe when i took this cigar.
if anything happened, you could always set it down on the water.
yes, but the idea is not to set it down on the water.
the idea is to set it down on le bourget field in paris.
if we understand you correctly, this bellanca you want us to buy is a single wing?
now, i know $13,000 is a lot of money without any security, but if we win the orteig prize...
that's $25,000 for the first nonstop flight between new york and paris.
one man alone at the controls of an airplane for almost two days and nights?
well, now, say i took a co-pilot or a navigator, say the man weighed 150 pounds.
captain lindbergh, i've crossed the atlantic quite a few times, by boat, of course.
most of the time, you can't see the end of your cigar.
i mean, i'd like it if you went through with it.
yeah, that'd look good on her when we landed in paris.
i made up my mind that i was gonna be 6'3" tall.
and i made it, with a half an inch to spare.
we're sort of anxious to get the airplane back to st. louis so we can start the necessary modifications, install the tanks.
we can take care of that right here in new york.
well, we got a window on each side, don't you remember?
well, suppose you let us set this in the instrument panel.
sixty-three days from the afternoon hall traced the spirit's outline in the sand.
we hauled the spirit out to dutch flats for her tests.
i read someplace that nungesser and coli would drop the landing gear on the takeoff.
they'll set her down on the water right in new york harbor.
- was it a lack of gasoline which brought down the craft of the dauntless frenchmen or some other unlooked-for mishap?
a viation experts believe that ice forming on the wings in the cold, rainy region east of newfoundland may have plunged nungesser and coli into the windswept sea.
as soon as they're ready, they will launch their planes on the long mysterious air road to paris, which by now has claimed the lives of so many flyers.
there is also a bulletin from san diego, california, that an air mail pilot, charles a. lindbergh, has left for new york to enter his plane in the transatlantic race.
if somebody were to take out a policy on this flight, you know what the odds would be.
but i like the odds or i never would have asked you to put up the money.
now suppose you were up in this airplane all alone and you stalled it and you fell into a spin.
you were dropping like a rock, and you believe he'd help you out of it?
what about your money and the wristwatch and this st. christopher?
well, you put all that stuff away and keep it for me, will you?
i wish we'd tested her with this much weight and under these conditions.
frank, let's drive down the runway to where that stick is.
why did i let last night go to waste in that hotel room on long island?
i'd settle for just one hour in that bed right now.
or when i was a flying cadet at brooks field, texas.
the days were too long, and the bunks were too short.
this is the end of the flight if we can't find open sky.
i can't start out across 1,900 miles of sea without a checkpoint for the compass.
that chart doesn't tell me how high the mountains are here.
how deep can i go without wrapping us around a peak?
that jenny of mine needs a new set of tires, valve job, too.
boy, will my old man ever have a fit when he finds out i've joined up with a flying circus.
he wants me to come home and go to work for him.
says i come from respectable people, that he runs a respectable business and that his only son is a bum.
"in his spirit of st. louis, ready to take off on the big hop."
"after making the final inspection of his plane, the spirit of st. louis,
how long can you fly these old wrecks and stay alive?
the company ought to get you some real airplanes, fix up the landing fields, set beacons out along the way.
you keep strangling your gut, you'll get indigestion, then you'll get appendicitis, just when you're out in the backwoods somewhere and no doctor near, so they have to fly in a doctor from the nearest town.
airplane falls, a doctor gets killed and you, well, you die.
well, i had my appendix out when i was in high school.
well, anyway, what i'm trying to say is the people nowadays are all bughouse.
well, my name is charles lindbergh, and i'm talking to you from st. louis, missouri.
and i represent a group of very prominent businessmen out here, and we're organizing a new york to paris flight and we've been considering your bellanca.
now all i have to do is find a group of prominent businessmen with $15,000, that's all.
i've never been much of a talker, i guess, but for six weeks i've talked more than i ever have in my life.
some said no, some said maybe, and that's about as far as i've gotten.
now, harry knight, he's a flying student of mine, has arranged for me to meet some people here in the state national bank.
- you understand, of course, mr. lindbergh, that before we at the globe-democrat can lend our support, we must make absolutely sure that we're not financing a suicide.
well, the idea of suicide never crossed my mind, except maybe when i took this cigar.
if anything happened, you could always set it down on the water.
yes, but the idea is not to set it down on the water.
the idea is to set it down on le bourget field in paris.
if we understand you correctly, this bellanca you want us to buy is a single wing?
now, i know $13,000 is a lot of money without any security, but if we win the orteig prize...
that's $25,000 for the first nonstop flight between new york and paris.
one man alone at the controls of an airplane for almost two days and nights?
well, now, say i took a co-pilot or a navigator, say the man weighed 150 pounds.
captain lindbergh, i've crossed the atlantic quite a few times, by boat, of course.
most of the time, you can't see the end of your cigar.
i mean, i'd like it if you went through with it.
yeah, that'd look good on her when we landed in paris.
i made up my mind that i was gonna be 6'3" tall.
and i made it, with a half an inch to spare.
we're sort of anxious to get the airplane back to st. louis so we can start the necessary modifications, install the tanks.
we can take care of that right here in new york.
well, we got a window on each side, don't you remember?
well, suppose you let us set this in the instrument panel.
sixty-three days from the afternoon hall traced the spirit's outline in the sand.
we hauled the spirit out to dutch flats for her tests.
i read someplace that nungesser and coli would drop the landing gear on the takeoff.
they'll set her down on the water right in new york harbor.
- was it a lack of gasoline which brought down the craft of the dauntless frenchmen or some other unlooked-for mishap?
a viation experts believe that ice forming on the wings in the cold, rainy region east of newfoundland may have plunged nungesser and coli into the windswept sea.
as soon as they're ready, they will launch their planes on the long mysterious air road to paris, which by now has claimed the lives of so many flyers.
there is also a bulletin from san diego, california, that an air mail pilot, charles a. lindbergh, has left for new york to enter his plane in the transatlantic race.
if somebody were to take out a policy on this flight, you know what the odds would be.
but i like the odds or i never would have asked you to put up the money.
now suppose you were up in this airplane all alone and you stalled it and you fell into a spin.
you were dropping like a rock, and you believe he'd help you out of it?
what about your money and the wristwatch and this st. christopher?
well, you put all that stuff away and keep it for me, will you?
i wish we'd tested her with this much weight and under these conditions.
frank, let's drive down the runway to where that stick is.
why did i let last night go to waste in that hotel room on long island?
i'd settle for just one hour in that bed right now.
or when i was a flying cadet at brooks field, texas.
the days were too long, and the bunks were too short.
this is the end of the flight if we can't find open sky.
i can't start out across 1,900 miles of sea without a checkpoint for the compass.
that chart doesn't tell me how high the mountains are here.
how deep can i go without wrapping us around a peak?
that jenny of mine needs a new set of tires, valve job, too.
boy, will my old man ever have a fit when he finds out i've joined up with a flying circus.
he wants me to come home and go to work for him.
says i come from respectable people, that he runs a respectable business and that his only son is a bum.
monsieur bonnard, please, this young lady will take care of you for a few moments.
i have a little errand of an official nature to accomplish.
thousands of caravans have traveled over it for thousands of years.
and your father comes up from the somaliland and walks into a lost city?
he didn't believe in anything but being a big shot, with god as a front.
i've seen these do-gooders before, usually doing the most good for themselves.
if his pa hadn't tripped him up, he'd have done all right.
spent all that junk on healing' the sick and helping the lowly.
i informed him there is only one man in all of africa who knows the sahara like the nail on his thumb, joe january.
has he got enough money to get me out of this garden of eden?
king solomon's mines or the golden tomb of my aunt minnie!
out in the middle of nowhere, lookin' for nothing in the wrong season!
everyone knew about ancient troy for thousands of years but nobody knew where to find it.
a few years ago, a german named schliemann walked up and found it.
"and emeralds as big as the palm of my hand. "
my father wrote that, and he was a man who never lied.
i'm sick of watching you moaning about your souls and pawing each other.
since i came, he keeps sneering at me, calling me names.
i've seen these do-gooders before, usually doing the most good for themselves.
believing in god is different than drooling over rubies and emeralds.
i informed him there is only one man in all of africa who knows the sahara like the nail on his thumb, joe january.
has he got enough money to get me out of this garden of eden?
king solomon's mines or the golden tomb of my aunt minnie!
out in the middle of nowhere, lookin' for nothing in the wrong season!
everyone knew about ancient troy for thousands of years but nobody knew where to find it.
a few years ago, a german named schliemann walked up and found it.
"and emeralds as big as the palm of my hand. "
my father wrote that, and he was a man who never lied.
i'm sick of watching you moaning about your souls and pawing each other.
since i came, he keeps sneering at me, calling me names.
the thing between the guide and the cairo girl must have started in the desert.
by the time they reached timgad, your father knew the score.
he didn't believe in anything but being a big shot, with god as a front.
i've seen these do-gooders before, usually doing the most good for themselves.
no, though they say they're closer than they've been this whole week.
well, just touch up one of these old obituaries... you wrote the times he was reported killed before.
well, when we rushed them at daybreak... it didn't work out so good.
i got a couple of men on their way up now with blasting powder.
will you help me pray again... for my jesse and my frank?
my prayers are for you, mrs. samuel... and for all here to give you strength and to ease your suffering.
but i don't see it resting so easy on you, frank.
well, when jesse first mentioned the plan, i didn't cotton to it too quick.
that's as sure a way of getting hung i know of.
army troops have got scouts that know those trails like the indians.
and on christmas eve, i'll play santa claus in a long white beard.
and fourth of july, we'll run up a flag and shoot off firecrackers.
if every man had done what he'd been told to, we wouldn't be stuck here.
i cut those telegraph wires clean through, just like you told me to, jesse.
guess i'll have to go live with my kinfolk in davis county.
[ whispering ] i bet i can make jesse pay this mortgage.
oh, she'll talk about you, all right... and what a noble man you are- praise be!
you can trust that bell clapper of a tongue of hers.
this is the first time... that a member of the james gang has ever been convicted.
if you agree to help this state... locate and arrest the james brothers...
i want the james boys to know that the price on their heads... will be big enough to corrupt their friends- even members of their own gang- and that my men will be amongst them... so that no criminal can ever be sure who is a friend or who is an enemy.
some folks don't consider the james boys to be so bad.
- are you trying to tell me that nothing can be done?
mr. remington, you can't change public opinion when it suits you.
[ frank's voice ] when you shot arkew... you said you were revenging little archie's death and mama's arm being blown to bits.
but your shots made certain we could never turn back from this kind of life.
i think i'm giving you a chance to make enough money to retire on.
and i also think all i have to do is snap my fingers like this...
[ frank's voice ] we've ridden a mighty long way since the war, jesse.
but northfield was the end of the road for all of us.
the wind's going to come up later and the child will miss you.
it's an old debt collector's trick, visiting on a day like this.
'since we met... '... if even one day passes... '... without news... '...
i cannot rest... '... and i lay half-awake... '... until the dawn comes. '
but if anyone can tame, and snatch the whip a tall man, a hard man, a strong man
we can see woman with the whip is a woman after all.
i was in the cavalry with a captain nick bonell in '47 in mexico.
he got hit in the leg and was invalid at home.
i'm surprised a man of his caliber would put his brand on a calf.
that calf was old enough to put a.45 slug in a blind man's leg.
the honorable district and circuit court, county of cochise is now in session.
since no warrant was issued for the arrest of the prisoner, the argument was a personal one.
the prisoner produced signatures of eyewitnesses swearing he shot in self-defense.
brockie drummond, this court finds you guilty of disturbing the peace.
i've wanted to kill you lots of times for the trouble that you cause her.
why don't you grow up and stop riding roughshod over these girls?
mr. logan, it's a reflection on you... for one of your own deputies to be charged with robbing the mails.
i'm sure he will surrender to the united states government without resistance.
why don't you save the government some money, hang him right now?
i wish i could, sheriff, but it's out of our jurisdiction.
it won't be long now before people will be laughing at men like me.
the last few towns we rode through, they looked at my gun.
my kind of making a living is on the way out.
- for a gunfighter, you do an awful lot of talking.
if a town has got to have peace, let somebody else build it on graves.
you don't want the only evidence of your life's work to be bullet holes in men.
you see, wes'll come in first... as he always does, with a rifle to look the situation over.
then he'll plant himself somewhere around here to cover griff' s back.
if you weren't full of this cheap gun, this whole mess wouldn't have happened.
and you, you're lucky you kissed the bride, or else my bullet'd be in your head!
in view of your cooperation, they're gonna drop the charges against you.
but as your lawyer, i must tell you again you didn't have to give them so much.
sure, sure, the government knows you kept back a lot of the tax money... that logan and his gunmen collected.
but uncle sam got twice as much that way than he did before you came along.
- now get back to your room right now, miss drummond.
the doc said not to let you out of the hotel.
you blew up inside... did everything you learned me not to do.
must've loved her an awful lot to kill brockie the way you did.
when she rides, the wind in your hair, her eyes are full of fire.
but if anyone can tame, and snatch the whip a tall man, a hard man, a strong man
we passed nothing out there but a woman on a white stallion and a regiment of riders.
then you've seen jessica drummond... the one i just sung about, the one i wrote the ballad about.
since no warrant was issued for the arrest of the prisoner, the argument was a personal one.
the prisoner produced signatures of eyewitnesses swearing he shot in self-defence.
why don't you grow up and stop riding roughshod over these girls?
you've got a chance to amount to something with a woman like jessica behind you.
why don't you save the government some money, hang him right now?
i wish i could, sheriff, but it's out of our jurisdiction.
it won't be long now before people will be laughing at men like me.
the last few towns we rode through, they looked at my gun.
if a town has got to have peace, let somebody else build it on graves.
you don't want the only evidence of your life's work to be bullet holes in men.
you see, wes'll come in first... as he always does, with a rifle to look the situation over.
then he'll plant himself somewhere around here to cover griff's back.
what's happened to us is like war... easy to start, hard to stop.
i never knew how to like anybody until i knew how to love.
and you, mr. fly, you better make this your best job.
first time i had to wash to take a wedding picture, mr. spanger.
in view of your co-operation, they're gonna drop the charges against you.
but as your lawyer, i must tell you again you didn't have to give them so much.
sure, sure, the government knows you kept back a lot of the tax money... that logan and his gunmen collected.
but uncle sam got twice as much that way than he did before you came along.
- now get back to your room right now, miss drummond.
the doc said not to let you out of the hotel.
you blew up inside... did everything you learned me not to do.
must've loved her an awful lot to kill brockie the way you did.
i was in the cavalry with a captain nick bonell in '47 in mexico.
he got hit in the leg and was invalid at home.
i'm surprised a man of his caliber would put his brand on a calf.
that calf was old enough to put a.45 slug in a blind man's leg.
the honorable district and circuit court, county of cochise is now in session.
since no warrant was issued for the arrest of the prisoner, the argument was a personal one.
the prisoner produced signatures of eyewitnesses swearing he shot in self-defense.
brockie drummond, this court finds you guilty of disturbing the peace.
i've wanted to kill you lots of times for the trouble that you cause her.
why don't you grow up and stop riding roughshod over these girls?
mr. logan, it's a reflection on you... for one of your own deputies to be charged with robbing the mails.
i'm sure he will surrender to the united states government without resistance.
why don't you save the government some money, hang him right now?
i wish i could, sheriff, but it's out of our jurisdiction.
it won't be long now before people will be laughing at men like me.
the last few towns we rode through, they looked at my gun.
my kind of making a living is on the way out.
- for a gunfighter, you do an awful lot of talking.
if a town has got to have peace, let somebody else build it on graves.
you don't want the only evidence of your life's work to be bullet holes in men.
you see, wes'll come in first... as he always does, with a rifle to look the situation over.
then he'll plant himself somewhere around here to cover griff' s back.
if you weren't full of this cheap gun, this whole mess wouldn't have happened.
and you, you're lucky you kissed the bride, or else my bullet'd be in your head!
in view of your cooperation, they're gonna drop the charges against you.
but as your lawyer, i must tell you again you didn't have to give them so much.
sure, sure, the government knows you kept back a lot of the tax money... that logan and his gunmen collected.
but uncle sam got twice as much that way than he did before you came along.
- now get back to your room right now, miss drummond.
the doc said not to let you out of the hotel.
you blew up inside... did everything you learned me not to do.
must've loved her an awful lot to kill brockie the way you did.
his vessel having suffered serious damage at night in the english channel,
captain ambrose, by his coolness, courage, and fine seamanship, was able to save the lives of all passengers and crew under his command, after which, refusing offers of assistance, he succeeded single-handed in bringing the wreck of his vessel safely to land.
- oh, you can clap me in irons, captain, but i won't take no for an answer.
i'm an old sailor myself and i can appreciate what you did.
i was posted to hms standfast, the training ship in the midlands.
but a sailor like me wasn't cut out to be an instructor.
then came the war, and i had the honor of being selected by the admiralty to undertake certain secret trials.
during those six years, i had experience of almost every type of ship in his majesty's navy.
and so with the assistance of my good friend goldilocks here,
i shall now demonstrate that the secret of the great houdini lives on.
but with a face like his, they couldn't find a french admiral to kiss him.
right, now this time i'm gonna make it hard for meself, as the bloke said when he fell into the cement mixer.
you won't be taking any more turns on the gate, thomas.
now, i can see we have a long, hard voyage ahead of us before we can take a real pride in our pier.
and, of course, in my position, one can't press one's own interests too hard.
well, as i'm not a member of the council, perhaps i'm in a better position to put up a fight.
i came here this morning because it had been reported to me that the new owner of the pier- you!
captain ambrose, ma'am, has been questioning our legal right to effect a seizure of these machines.
the last two both requiring also a plan of the premises.
for the granting of any license, it will be necessary for the court to take notice of such objections as may be entered by the licensed victualing trade, temperance, and/or religious organizations, and such private individuals as may fear disturbance of local amenities.
after which one is at liberty to sell a glass of beer.
should the license be granted, further application is then required to be made to the confirming authority, and in the event of the license being confirmed, an agreement reached with the customs and excise department on monopoly value,
mr. mayor, i have never hesitated to express my opinion that sandcastle pier is an eyesore, a blot on our beautiful town.
and now that it has become the property of a person who seeks, it appears, only to subvert the morals of our young people-
- now, the planning committee has been working for some little time on a scheme for the improvement of our seafront.
and the result of our efforts, which you have in front of you, is a plan which is going to mean the total removal of the pier.
at least i can plead that i'm not the only offender here.
let the mayor deny that he's made a quick profit on the sale of the pier.
- i don't like to contradict a lady, but you seem to be in distress.
well, if i am, i can hardly expect you to understand.
and as long as that confounded pier is standing, we can't even make a start.
well, i'm afraid we have to accept the fact that in law, the pier is now a ship.
sir, do you reckon it was him that shook up the poor old major last night?
if it was, he must have been here for some purpose.
we've learned from this underwater survey that the pier supports go down into the sea bed for some 15 feet.
now, the safety margin, our surveyor tells me, is 12 feet.
- if you don't mind... if we were to get rid of it now, i can visualize quite a public outcry.
i thought it was your opinion, mr. chailey, that we badly lacked a marine drive?
but as you pointed out yourself, mr. mayor, that would mean the removal of the pier, which is something we might now bitterly regret.
i do personally feel that mr. chailey has come up with a most valuable suggestion.
- well, there's a lot at stake, and not only for me.
you're all in on the marine drive contract, but there won't be a penny for anyone if that pier remains standing.
i'm not leaving anybody behind who knows what the game is.
but you can't expect the mayor of sandcastle to put to seas a dredger head.
mrs. barrington, for years, the best medical brains at the disposal of the admiralty have been trying to find, without success, a cure for seasickness.
and you stand here and calmly announce that you know one?
you can't fight your way across half of spain with 200 men.
- with this gun, i will get the men i need.
if it costs the lives of every one of us, we are going to take ávila.
and the french will then know that their day in spain is over.
what kind of people are you, sitting here enjoying your life?
200 miles from here, the enemy amuses himself, holding spanish babies on bayonets.
did you think i cannot feel in my heart that a woman wants more?
i can only repay you with what we started out for
the attempt of this staff to locate a handful of rabble will go down in military history as a monument to ineptitude.
your ambitions and careers dissolve in these cannon tracks across spain.
if we get halfway through before they hear us we'll have a chance.
do you think being a mule is all that's expected of you?
we need tools, a forge, a place where the french can't find us.
miguel, if there are any french there, he cannot wear that uniform.
it's too much to ask that you grant my wishes for both.
only listen, and find it in your heart to forgive me when i choose.
these will explode in the air and the cannonballs inside of them will reach you.
at 500yds, it will be grapeshot - pieces of metal and chain.
using the thick fog banks below as a cover the spitfires eluded the remaining german fighters and reformed for the initial run on the target.
although stryker's weather reports had indicated wiesbaden would be clear the fog had closed in over the entire area.
not one of them was worthy of a man of your training and experience.
but i've stayed away from the thing i was really trained for.
i've gotta be in seattle by tomorrow night or i'll lose the lake club job.
you know what it means if i can work into that mc spot?
maybe i should have been of more help to you but you wouldn't even let me do that.
all i've ever wanted was to see you stop running away.
to face the one big mistake you ever made in your whole life.
it's the kind of mistake that any man could make under fire.
i'll get him if i have to drag him every inch of the way.
after all, remember i've been trained for every kind of emergency.
well, joey, your mother felt that it might be a good idea for you two to have a little trip together.
and i just didn't know whether i could go or not, until the last minute.
- i think so, but i've never seen it so acute.
find out if there's a doctor onboard as quietly as you can.
find out everybody who had fish and help me get medicine to them.
you'd better notify vancouver to put a ban on serving any food from the source that furnished that fish.
i want a complete cockpit diagram for a dc-4 and a pre-landing flight check.
i'm in the dispatch office and i want them over here fast.
okay, and the boss is on the line now, number three.
no, sir, he isn't qualified, but i've got our senior captain coming in.
what you don't know is that doesn't make my job any easier here tonight.
frankly, you'd be a lot better off if you got somebody who doesn't know him at all.
it's a mistake if he knows that i'm the man who's talking him in.
he'll have a million things on this mind without being reminded of those days when things weren't so good.
you'll give him a landing check, talk him onto the approach.
and so help me, you'll have to talk him right down to the ground.
i've got to give him all the confidence i can, along with the technical end of it.
if he keeps calm, cool, does what i tell him, we'll bring that plane in.
i know that right now, things must look pretty rough up there.
but if you do what i tell you when i tell you to do it there's no reason you can't bring that plane in.
and i haven't been at the controls for over 10 years.
i'm going to need all the luck there is, and then some.
i'd like you to disengage the automatic pilot and begin to get the feel of the controls.
but first, let me tell you, the controls will feel very heavy compared with a fighter.
tell them we're on top of the clouds at 11,000 feet and leveled off.
we are now on top of the clouds at 11,000 feet and we're leveled off.
the flap handle is on the lower right-hand side of the control pedestal.
twenty degrees will mean moving the handle down to the second notch.
tell them the gear and flaps are down but she still handles like a wet sponge, only more so.
the gear and flaps are down now but he says that she still handles like a wet sponge, only more so.
we have people up here including my son who'll die in less than one hour, never mind two.
i may bend your precious airplane, but i'll bring it down.
maybe in the next town i'll let you win a contest.
sure, ladies and gentlemen, at great expense to this show, you will see a performance never before seen in this part of the country.
your honor, i would like you to compare venus de milo, the world's most perfectly formed woman.
and here you have her, not in cold marble, but in flesh and blood and humility.
maybe you've got the power of the lord on your side.
all right, but i want to tell you something, that i've got the power to stand right here and to say to you
i don't want you to wait for me, or to take me home.
and i don't want you to worry about me, and i don't want you to love me!
i don't want you to do anything at all for me.
now, will you kindly step out of my dressing room, sal?
i have a performance to do, and i've got to get ready.
i thought the best thing was to come and see you here.
when you were a coochie dancer, you had to be becky sharp.
when you got to broadway, you had to be a big star right away.
i'm going to get him and every other artist i can lay my hands on.
we're going to make this the greatest amusement park in the world.
the papers said she earned a fortune and she gave it away.
i read in this morning's drama section that in spite of her short career, she was the greatest american actress that ever lived.
we all know she's waiting for her old man to get out of the house.
what kind of a dress takes that long to get into ?
but if these things are proved to be unfriendly ... sir.
shall we drive closer so we can get a better look ?
he's banging away at the fender of our car with some kind of a crazy hammer !
i bet he thinks the car is responsible for killing his buddy.
i wonder if any of the gang saw those things ?
how do you mean ? that would convince the police that we were telling the truth !
a year like that and you vanish, if you have no savings.
it was at the end of that winter that my mother died.
i promised to marry you but i'd rather not do it than make you live like my mother did-- like all the women of the islands.
if i marry you, you have to have a happy life, rosetta.
he can bring the price down, as low as he wants.
but if santamaria doesn't buy his boat back, there'll be no bids.
in any case, i'll give him back his boat as soon as i can.
just a few more trips done well and we'll be on an even keel again.
by uniting our nets, we could enclose 10 miles of sea.
we've got our own fridge in the village, and strong arms!
tell salvatore from me that the co-op... will do good business,
because within a few years no one on the islands will know how to fish better than squarcio's sons.
since i do not intend to stay long term in the coast guard, please consider my resignation effective as of the abov e date.
i await a decision from my superior officers and my replacement as squad commander.
it was at the end of that winter that my mother died.
i promised to marry you but i'd rather not do it than make you live like my mother did... like all the women of the islands.
by uniting our nets, we could enclose 10 miles of s ea.
we've got our own fridge in the village, and strong arms!
tell salvatore from me that the co-op... will do good business,
because within a few years no one on the islands will know how to fish better than squarcio's sons.
since i do not intend to stay long term in the coast guard, please consider my resignation effective as of the abov e date.
i await a decision from my superior officers and my replacement as squad commander.
it was at the end of that winter that my mother died.
i promised to marry you but i'd rather not do it than make you live like my mother did... like all the women of the islands.
by uniting our nets, we could enclose 10 miles of s ea.
we've got our own fridge in the village, and strong arms!
tell salvatore from me that the co-op... will do good business,
because within a few years no one on the islands will know how to fish better than squarcio's sons.
a y ear like that and you v anish, if you hav e no savings.
it was at the end of that winter that my mother died.
i promis ed to marry you but i'd rather not do it than make you liv e like my mother did... like all the women of the islands.
if i marry you, you hav e to hav e a happy life, ros etta.
we could e v en install a fridge and go far out...
far out on the open s eas, and reach the coast of africa.
by uniting our nets, we could enclos e 10 miles of s ea.
we'v e got our own fridge in the village, and strong arms!
tell salv atore from me that the co-op... will do good business,
be caus e within a few y ears no one on the islands will know how to fish better than squarcio's sons.
stars, satellites and meteors, capitals and their suburbs can all be found in the maps section.
built at a time when little was printed, the bibliothèque nationale now houses another 3 million volumes each century.
they sort them, analyze them, classify them and number them methodically.
it has taken centuries to inventory the six million books and five million prints held at the library.
it has been necessary to develop classifications which, over time, have become law.
to catalogue all this knowledge, we have had to resort to key words.
eventually, the mighty catalogue of printed matter was born, a catalogue which will forever be a work in progress.
the library is a model memory, a store for everything printed in france.
among these collections, rimbaud's first writings were found, published in an obscure journal in the ardennes.
who knows what else may come to light among these pages?
who knows what will be the most reliable testament to our civilization?
there are four ways in which the collection may be expanded.
through gifts, purchases, exchanges and - the main source - legal deposit.
instituted in the 16th century, ths obliges publishers and printers to deliver several copies of each work they publish to the library.
to mark a volume as having entered the library, never again to leave it, it is stamped.
the book which has been deposited is entered in the catalogue of all the publishers in france.
twenty identification cards are placed in different files among the millions of other cards.
which make this catalogue room the brain of the bibliothèque nationale.
it used to be a part of an abstract, universal, indiferent memory.
there, all books were equal, all enjoyed attention as tender as that shown by god towards man.
here it is selected, preferred, indispensable to its reader, torn from its world to feed these paper-crunching pseudo-insects,
irremediably different from true insects in that each is bound to its own distinct business.
a time when we are handed the keys to this and other universes.
and this will come about because these readers, each working on his slice of universal memory,
i thought i knew everyone in this building, but i haven't seen you.
well, i've only been around a few times, just wandering about.
i don't understand one word you're saying, but it sounds great.
if you say it can be done, that's good enough for me.
if the office of the president isn't big enough to impress sponsors there's nothing for the girls in research to research.
i have another office just like it on the 31 st floor.
it all happened, and you didn't even know when it happened.
well, when that day comes, we'll move in together and keep cats.
tell me, miss watson, what training have you had for your job?
well, a college education and after that a library course at columbia.
"often when we meet people the first time some physical characteristic strikes us."
now, what is the first thing you notice in a person?
did you notice that there are also nine letters in chappaqua?
are you in the habit of associating words with the number of letters?
there is no croton falls mentioned at all in the question.
no, but it is the next to the last stop on that line.
the first is plaza 2, with the year of the bank panic reversed.
and the second one is murray hill 3 with 33 years after the date of the norman conquest.
"a detective broke into an apartment found harry and grace lying on the floor, dead.
beside them was a small pool of water and some fragments of broken glass.
above them, on a sofa, looking down at them, was a pet cat, his back arched.
the detective concluded, without further investigation that the victims had died of strangulation.
you spent world war ii in greenland working on something top-secret.
you are one of the leading exponents of the electronic brain in this country.
now, peg, the worst thing that can happen is for us to get panicky.
keep this between you and me and not tell ruthie and sylvia.
- as a matter of fact i live a little farther up lexington.
i wanted to get out here so i wouldn't spoil smithers' fun.
i spent christmas eve in a subway station at canal street.
you know, that reminds me just as i was getting off the mexican avenue bus last night...
imagine sitting on an icecap in greenland and getting a six-page letter telling me that women's neckline was gonna go up the following year.
now, after all, if she told me that it was going down, i might've had a reason to...
the next letter would be about the hem skirt being lowered.
i don't exactly look like a fella interested in women's fashions, do i?
look i had reason to think you wanted this as much as i.
you had reason to think i wanted it twice as much.
well, it's too technical to explain, but miss emmy doesn't like it.
she's liable to act up and make a lot of rude noises.
to free the worker from the routine tasks and liberate him for important work.
for example, you see all those books there and the ones up there?
cromwell will not come till sunset and her lips grew strangely white
as she breathed the husky whisper curfew must not ring tonight
awful is the gloom beneath her like the pathway down to hell
lo, the ponderous tongue is swinging 'tis the hour of curfew now
i thought i knew everyone in this building, but i haven't seen you before.
well, i've only been around a few times, just wandering about.
what would a methods engineer be doing in our little iron lung?
well, you'd be surprised how a little scientific application... can improve the work/man-hour relationship.
if you say it can be done, that's good enough for me.
i'd like to hang around that department for a couple of weeks, maybe a month, and get a comprehensive picture of its workings.
it's for the dance that mike is maybe going to ask me to on the 12th.
when, as and if mike cutler asks you, do yourself a favor and be busy.
uh, tell me, miss watson, what training have you had for your job?
well, a college education, and after that a library course at columbia.
well, my parents were both teachers in the public school system, so we didn't have much money.
um, i've read every new york newspaper backward and forward... for the past 15 years.
aren't you gonna ask me how many people got on at croton falls?
there is no croton falls mentioned at all in the question.
first is plaza 2 with the year of the bank panic reversed.
the second one is murray hill 3... with, uh, 33 years after the date of the norman conquest.
you're a phi beta kappa, although you don't wear your key, which means either that you're modest or that you lost it.
you spent world war ii in greenland... working on something so top secret that even i couldn't find out about it.
you're one of the leading exponents of the electronic brain in this country... and the inventor of an electronic brain machine called emmarac... the electromagnetic memory and research arithmetical calculator.
that's all i found out so far, but i only had half an hour.
well, salt and pepper mixed in with the flour, throw it in a paper bag, toss in the chicken, shake it up.
how would you like me to show you how to make it?
# dashing through the snow in a one-horse open sleigh #
# o'er the fields we go laughing all the way #
- # bells on bob-tail ring ## - [all shouting greetings]
- # bells on bob-tail ring ## - [all shouting greetings]
and here was this brand-new coupe de ville... with the most attractive-looking gray-haired man in it.
and he slowly drove around the block three times, and i could tell by the way he was looking at me... that if i had been any other kind of a girl, it would have been the start of a very beautiful romance.
i mean, don't dwell on the question, but i warn you there's a trick in it.
if six chinamen get off a train at las vegas, and two of them are found floating face down in a goldfish bowl, and the only thing they can find to identify them are 2 telephone numbers... one, plaza 0-0000, and the other, columbus 0-1492... what time did the train get to palm springs?
imagine sitting on an ice cap in greenland... and getting a six-page letter telling me... that the women's neckline was going to go up the following year.
now, if she'd told me that it was going down, i might have had some reason to...
then the next letter would be about the hem skirt was going to be lower.
i don't exactly look like a fellow who's interested in women's fashions, do i?
when two people get married, they don't worry about apartments or jobs.
i had every reason to think you wanted this just as much as i did.
all that guff i swallowed that cozy night at your apartment...
for the love of pete, i even apologized to you for that.
i don't think it was a good idea your coming here today.
what do you say we let this whole thing go until after christmas?
that is, of course, emmarac will be installed here on monday.
according to mr. sumner's figures, it will save, in this department alone, 6,240 man-hours a year.
it's too technical to explain to the lay mind, but miss emmy doesn't like it.
she's liable to act up and make a lot of rude noises. [chuckles]
for the past two weeks, we've just been feeding it information.
but i think you could say that it will provide more leisure for more people.
we'll get together once a year regularly, like the ziegfeld girls.
i'd like to see you get that on the lexington avenue bus.
"the herald tribune, november 10, 1950, page 39." what is this?
oh, i had a question on the other phone about the king of the watusis.
well, as far as we know, it's the herald tribune, november 10, 1950.
i'll tell you what you'll get on that date... a review of the movie king solomon's mines.
i thought i knew everyone in this building, but i haven't seen you before.
well, i've only been around a few times, just wandering about.
what would a methods engineer be doing in our little iron lung?
well, you'd be surprised how a little scientific application... can improve the work/man-hour relationship.
visual read-offs are all centralized, miniaturized... and set on schematic panels now.
and then the... the data compiled... is all automatically computed, and there's an automatic typewritten "panalog"...
i don't understand one word you're saying, but it sounds great.
if you say it can be done, that's good enough for me.
if the office of the president isn't big enough to impress the sponsors, then there's nothing for the girls down in research to research.
i have another office just like it on the 31 st floor.
it's for the dance that mike is maybe going to ask me to on the 12th.
when, as and if mike cutler asks you, do yourself a favor and be busy.
uh, tell me, miss watson, what training have you had for your job?
well, a college education, and after that a library course at columbia.
well, my parents were both teachers in the public school system, so we didn't have much money.
um, i've read every new york newspaper backward and forward... for the past 15 years.
aren't you gonna ask me how many people got on at croton falls?
there is no croton falls mentioned at all in the question.
first is plaza 2 with the year of the bank panic reversed.
the second one is murray hill 3... with, uh, 33 years after the date of the norman conquest.
you're a phi beta kappa, although you don't wear your key, which means either that you're modest or that you lost it.
you spent world war ii in greenland... working on something so top secret that even i couldn't find out about it.
you're one of the leading exponents of the electronic brain in this country... and the inventor of an electronic brain machine called emmarac... the electromagnetic memory and research arithmetical calculator.
that's all i found out so far, but i only had half an hour.
as a matter of fact, i live a little farther up lexington.
but i wanted to get out here so i wouldn't spoil smithers's fun.
well, salt and pepper mixed in with the flour, throw it in a paper bag, toss in the chicken, shake it up.
how would you like me to show you how to make it?
# dashing through the snow in a one-horse open sleigh #
# o'er the fields we go laughing all the way #
and here was this brand-new coupe de ville... with the most attractive-looking gray-haired man in it.
and he slowly drove around the block three times, and i could tell by the way he was looking at me... that if i had been any other kind of a girl, it would have been the start of a very beautiful romance.
it has usually been my experience... when a car cruises around the block slowly, it has usually been my experience... that they are mostly just looking for a place to park.
peg... did you know that our mr. sumner... also lives on the mexican avenue bus?
i mean, don't dwell on the question, but i warn you there's a trick in it.
if six chinamen get off a train at las vegas, and two of them are found floating face down in a goldfish bowl, and the only thing they can find to identify them are 2 telephone numbers... one, plaza 0-0000, and the other, columbus 0-1492... what time did the train get to palm springs?
now, if she'd told me that it was going down, i might have had some reason to...
then the next letter would be about the hem skirt was going to be lower.
when two people get married, they don't worry about apartments or jobs.
i had every reason to think you wanted this just as much as i did.
all that guff i swallowed that cozy night at your apartment...
for the love of pete, i even apologized to you for that.
i don't think it was a good idea your coming here today.
what do you say we let this whole thing go until after christmas?
that is, of course, emmarac will be installed here on monday.
according to mr. sumner's figures, it will save, in this department alone, 6,240 man-hours a year.
it's too technical to explain to the lay mind, but miss emmy doesn't like it.
she's liable to act up and make a lot of rude noises.
- uh, to free the worker... from routine and repetitive tasks... and liberate his time for more important work.
now, for example, you see all those books there and the ones up there?
for the past two weeks, we've just been feeding it information.
but i think you could say that it will provide more leisure for more people.
i thought i knew everyone in this building, but i haven't seen you.
well, i've only been around a few times, just wandering about.
i don't understand one word you're saying, but it sounds great.
if you say it can be done, that's good enough for me.
if the office of the president isn't big enough to impress sponsors there's nothing for the girls in research to research.
i have another office just like it on the 31 st floor.
it all happened, and you didn't even know when it happened.
well, when that day comes, we'll move in together and keep cats.
tell me, miss watson, what training have you had for your job?
well, a college education and after that a library course at columbia.
"often when we meet people the first time some physical characteristic strikes us."
now, what is the first thing you notice in a person?
did you notice that there are also nine letters in chappaqua?
are you in the habit of associating words with the number of letters?
there is no croton falls mentioned at all in the question.
no, but it is the next to the last stop on that line.
the first is plaza 2, with the year of the bank panic reversed.
and the second one is murray hill 3 with 33 years after the date of the norman conquest.
"a detective broke into an apartment found harry and grace lying on the floor, dead.
beside them was a small pool of water and some fragments of broken glass.
above them, on a sofa, looking down at them, was a pet cat, his back arched.
the detective concluded, without further investigation that the victims had died of strangulation.
you spent world war ii in greenland working on something top-secret.
you are one of the leading exponents of the electronic brain in this country.
now, peg, the worst thing that can happen is for us to get panicky.
keep this between you and me and not tell ruthie and sylvia.
- as a matter of fact i live a little farther up lexington.
i wanted to get out here so i wouldn't spoil smithers' fun.
i spent christmas eve in a subway station at canal street.
you know, that reminds me just as i was getting off the mexican avenue bus last night...
imagine sitting on an icecap in greenland and getting a six-page letter telling me that women's neckline was gonna go up the following year.
now, after all, if she told me that it was going down, i might've had a reason to...
the next letter would be about the hem skirt being lowered.
i don't exactly look like a fella interested in women's fashions, do i?
look i had reason to think you wanted this as much as i.
you had reason to think i wanted it twice as much.
well, it's too technical to explain, but miss emmy doesn't like it.
she's liable to act up and make a lot of rude noises.
to free the worker from the routine tasks and liberate him for important work.
for example, you see all those books there and the ones up there?
cromwell will not come till sunset and her lips grew strangely white
as she breathed the husky whisper curfew must not ring tonight
awful is the gloom beneath her like the pathway down to hell
lo, the ponderous tongue is swinging 'tis the hour of curfew now
i thought i knew everyone in this building, but i haven't seen you before.
well, i've only been around a few times, just wandering about.
what would a methods engineer be doing in our little iron lung?
well, you'd be surprised how a little scientific application... can improve the work/man-hour relationship.
well, it was hard enough getting this job, and i want to keep it.
just get to learn the reference library, and i'll recommend you for a raise after the first of the year.
visual read-offs are all centralized, miniaturized and set on schematic panels now.
and then the... the data compiled is all automatically computed, and there's an automatic typewritten "panalog"...
i don't understand one word you're saying, but it sounds great.
if you say it can be done, that's good enough for me.
if the office of the president isn't big enough to impress the sponsors, then there's nothing for the girls down in research to research.
i have another office just like it on the 31st floor.
well, a college education, and after that a library course at columbia.
i was gonna take a phd, but i ran out of money.
some of these questions may seem a little silly to you, but you'd be surprised what they indicate about general intelligence and adaptability and so forth.
and they may also be a bit of a tease for your memory.
did you notice that there are also nine letters in "chappaqua"?
are you in the habit of associating words with the number of letters in them?
[clears throat] i doubt that napoleon ever said anything like that.
unless you mean because it's spelled the same way backward and forward.
first is plaza 2 with the year of the bank panic reversed.
the second one is murray hill 3 with, uh, 33 years after the date of the norman conquest.
you spent world war ii in greenland working on something so top secret that even i couldn't find out about it.
you're one of the leading exponents of the electronic brain in this country and the inventor of an electronic brain machine called emmarac, the electromagnetic memory and research arithmetical calculator.
and if you ever hear anything like that, you come and tell me right away.
and be sure you get the name of the man too.
i'd match my memory against any machine's any day, and yours.
now, peg, the worst thing that can happen is for us to get panicky.
you don't have to answer it if you don't want to.
i mean, don't dwell on the question, but i warn you there's a trick in it.
imagine sitting on an ice cap in greenland... and getting a six-page letter telling me that the women's neckline was going to go up the following year.
now, if she'd told me that it was going down, i might have had some reason to...
then the next letter would be about the hem skirt was going to be lower.
i don't exactly look like a fellow who's interested in women's fashions, do i?
i had every reason to think you wanted this just as much as i did.
you had every reason to think i wanted it twice as much as you did.
why don't we all go over to the plaza and have that drink we were, uh...
why don't you and miss emmarac go over and hoist a few?
it's too technical to explain to the lay mind, but miss emmy doesn't like it.
she's liable to act up and make a lot of rude noises.
- uh, to free the worker from routine and repetitive tasks and liberate his time for more important work.
now, for example, you see all those books there and the ones up there?
we'll get together once a year regularly, like the ziegfeld girls.
i'd like to see you get that on the lexington avenue bus.
i thought i knew everyone in this building, but i haven't seen you before.
well, i've only been around a few times, just wandering about.
what would a methods engineer be doing in our little iron lung?
well, you'd be surprised how a little scientific application... can improve the work/man-hour relationship.
visual read-offs are all centralized, miniaturized and set on schematic panels now.
and then the... the data compiled is all automatically computed, and there's an automatic typewritten "panalog"...
i don't understand one word you're saying, but it sounds great.
if you say it can be done, that's good enough for me.
if the office of the president isn't big enough to impress the sponsors, then there's nothing for the girls down in research to research.
i have another office just like it on the 31st floor.
it's for the dance that mike is maybe going to ask me to on the 12th.
when, as and if mike cutler asks you, do yourself a favor and be busy.
it all happened, and you didn't even know when it happened.
well, when that day comes, we'll move in together and keep cats.
bunny, take a look at this financial report i drew up.
i didn't wanna turn it in until you had a look at it.
well, a college education, and after that a library course at columbia.
i was gonna take a phd, but i ran out of money.
some of these questions may seem a little silly to you, but you'd be surprised what they indicate about general intelligence and adaptability and so forth.
and they may also be a bit of a tease for your memory.
did you notice that there are also nine letters in "chappaqua"?
are you in the habit of associating words with the number of letters in them?
the second one is murray hill 3 with, uh, 33 years after the date of the norman conquest.
and the last one is plaza 2 with the number the same as the first, second and third digits transposed.
you spent world war ii in greenland working on something so top secret that even i couldn't find out about it.
you're one of the leading exponents of the electronic brain in this country and the inventor of an electronic brain machine called emmarac, the electromagnetic memory and research arithmetical calculator.
and if you ever hear anything like that, you come and tell me right away.
and be sure you get the name of the man too.
i'd match my memory against any machine's any day, and yours.
now, peg, the worst thing that can happen is for us to get panicky.
i'm sick about it, bunny, but i couldn't say to azae,
"i'm sorry, but i can't go with you because i have a date with bunny."
as a matter of fact, i live a little farther up lexington.
but i wanted to get out here so i wouldn't spoil smithers's fun.
well, salt and pepper mixed in with the flour, throw it in a paper bag, toss in the chicken, shake it up.
how would you like me to show you how to make it?
you don't have to answer it if you don't want to.
i mean, don't dwell on the question, but i warn you there's a trick in it.
imagine sitting on an ice cap in greenland... and getting a six-page letter telling me that the women's neckline was going to go up the following year.
now, if she'd told me that it was going down, i might have had some reason to...
then the next letter would be about the hem skirt was going to be lower.
i don't exactly look like a fellow who's interested in women's fashions, do i?
when two people get married, they don't worry about apartments or jobs.
i had every reason to think you wanted this just as much as i did.
all that guff i swallowed that cozy night at your apartment...
for the love of pete, i even apologized to you for that.
i don't think it was a good idea your coming here today.
what do you say we let this whole thing go until after christmas?
that is, of course, emmarac will be installed here on monday.
according to mr. sumner's figures, it will save, in this department alone, 6,240 man-hours a year.
it's too technical to explain to the lay mind, but miss emmy doesn't like it.
she's liable to act up and make a lot of rude noises.
- uh, to free the worker from routine and repetitive tasks and liberate his time for more important work.
now, for example, you see all those books there and the ones up there?
for the past two weeks, we've just been feeding it information.
but i think you could say that it will provide more leisure for more people.
"the herald tribune, november 10, 1950, page 39." what is this?
oh, i had a question on the other phone about the king of the watusis.
well, as far as we know, it's the herald tribune, november 10, 1950.
i'll tell you what you'll get on that date, a review of the movie king solomon's mines.
i thought i knew everyone in this building, but i haven't seen you before.
well, i've only been around a few times, just wandering about.
what would a methods engineer be doing in our little iron lung?
well, you'd be surprised how a little scientific application... can improve the work/man-hour relationship.
if you say it can be done, that's good enough for me.
i'd like to hang around that department for a couple of weeks, maybe a month, and get a comprehensive picture of its workings.
it's for the dance that mike is maybe going to ask me to on the 12th.
when, as and if mike cutler asks you, do yourself a favor and be busy.
uh, tell me, miss watson, what training have you had for your job?
well, a college education, and after that a library course at columbia.
well, my parents were both teachers in the public school system, so we didn't have much money.
um, i've read every new york newspaper backward and forward... for the past 15 years.
aren't you gonna ask me how many people got on at croton falls?
there is no croton falls mentioned at all in the question.
first is plaza 2 with the year of the bank panic reversed.
the second one is murray hill 3... with, uh, 33 years after the date of the norman conquest.
you're a phi beta kappa, although you don't wear your key, which means either that you're modest or that you lost it.
you spent world war ii in greenland... working on something so top secret that even i couldn't find out about it.
you're one of the leading exponents of the electronic brain in this country... and the inventor of an electronic brain machine called emmarac... the electromagnetic memory and research arithmetical calculator.
that's all i found out so far, but i only had half an hour.
well, salt and pepper mixed in with the flour, throw it in a paper bag, toss in the chicken, shake it up.
how would you like me to show you how to make it?
# dashing through the snow in a one-horse open sleigh #
# o'er the fields we go laughing all the way #
- # bells on bob-tail ring ## - [all shouting greetings]
- # bells on bob-tail ring ## - [all shouting greetings]
and here was this brand-new coupe de ville... with the most attractive-looking gray-haired man in it.
and he slowly drove around the block three times, and i could tell by the way he was looking at me... that if i had been any other kind of a girl, it would have been the start of a very beautiful romance.
i mean, don't dwell on the question, but i warn you there's a trick in it.
if six chinamen get off a train at las vegas, and two of them are found floating face down in a goldfish bowl, and the only thing they can find to identify them are 2 telephone numbers... one, plaza 0-0000, and the other, columbus 0-1492... what time did the train get to palm springs?
imagine sitting on an ice cap in greenland... and getting a six-page letter telling me... that the women's neckline was going to go up the following year.
now, if she'd told me that it was going down, i might have had some reason to...
then the next letter would be about the hem skirt was going to be lower.
i don't exactly look like a fellow who's interested in women's fashions, do i?
when two people get married, they don't worry about apartments or jobs.
i had every reason to think you wanted this just as much as i did.
all that guff i swallowed that cozy night at your apartment...
for the love of pete, i even apologized to you for that.
i don't think it was a good idea your coming here today.
what do you say we let this whole thing go until after christmas?
that is, of course, emmarac will be installed here on monday.
according to mr. sumner's figures, it will save, in this department alone, 6,240 man-hours a year.
it's too technical to explain to the lay mind, but miss emmy doesn't like it.
she's liable to act up and make a lot of rude noises. [chuckles]
for the past two weeks, we've just been feeding it information.
but i think you could say that it will provide more leisure for more people.
we'll get together once a year regularly, like the ziegfeld girls.
i'd like to see you get that on the lexington avenue bus.
"the herald tribune, november 10, 1950, page 39." what is this?
oh, i had a question on the other phone about the king of the watusis.
well, as far as we know, it's the herald tribune, november 10, 1950.
i'll tell you what you'll get on that date... a review of the movie king solomon's mines.
if you say it can be done, that's good enough for me.
i'd like to hang around that department for a couple of weeks, maybe a month, and get a comprehensive picture of its workings.
it's for the dance that mike is maybe going to ask me to on the 12th.
when, as and if mike cutler asks you, do yourself a favor and be busy.
it all happened, and you didn't even know when it happened.
well, when that day comes, we'll move in together and keep cats.
bunny, take a look at this financial report i drew up.
i didn't wanna turn it in until you had a look at it.
well, a college education, and after that a library course at columbia.
i was gonna take a phd, but i ran out of money.
some of these questions may seem a little silly to you, but you'd be surprised what they indicate about general intelligence and adaptability and so forth.
and they may also be a bit of a tease for your memory.
did you notice that there are also nine letters in "chappaqua"?
are you in the habit of associating words with the number of letters in them?
first is plaza 2 with the year of the bank panic reversed.
the second one is murray hill 3 with, uh, 33 years after the date of the norman conquest.
you spent world war ii in greenland working on something so top secret that even i couldn't find out about it.
you're one of the leading exponents of the electronic brain in this country and the inventor of an electronic brain machine called emmarac, the electromagnetic memory and research arithmetical calculator.
and if you ever hear anything like that, you come and tell me right away.
and be sure you get the name of the man too.
i'd match my memory against any machine's any day, and yours.
now, peg, the worst thing that can happen is for us to get panicky.
if we do get canned, we won't be the only ones to lose our jobs because of a machine.
i understand thousands of people are being replaced by electronic brains.
you don't have to answer it if you don't want to.
i mean, don't dwell on the question, but i warn you there's a trick in it.
now, if she'd told me that it was going down, i might have had some reason to...
then the next letter would be about the hem skirt was going to be lower.
when two people get married, they don't worry about apartments or jobs.
i had every reason to think you wanted this just as much as i did.
all that guff i swallowed that cozy night at your apartment...
for the love of pete, i even apologized to you for that.
i don't think it was a good idea your coming here today.
what do you say we let this whole thing go until after christmas?
that is, of course, emmarac will be installed here on monday.
according to mr. sumner's figures, it will save, in this department alone, 6,240 man-hours a year.
for the past two weeks, we've just been feeding it information.
but i think you could say that it will provide more leisure for more people.
and now i want these men to see the machine we've installed in payroll.
well, now, of course, that's an entirely different operation, you understand.
"the herald tribune, november 10, 1950, page 39." what is this?
oh, i had a question on the other phone about the king of the watusis.
well, as far as we know, it's the herald tribune, november 10, 1950.
i'll tell you what you'll get on that date, a review of the movie king solomon's mines.
é toéd you they wouéd not éet me stay in paris.
éf they knew é was writing a score for your picture--
ét is true that the commissar of art suggested that we éook you up... say heééo and point out a few things.
he wanted us to teéé you how much russia éoves you... how much she needs you.
é formaééy rejected aéé bourgeois péeasure and induégence... to become the head of an anti-aircraft gun crew.
at 18, é became the captain of a woman's tank corps.
from the ritz bar and the foéies bergere... aéé the péaces we couéd be shot for visiting.
but, coéette... you're not going to éet your husband spoié our whoée evening, are you?
but now we have to get the affidavit at once... from canfieéd, immediateéy.
and warn him not to mention boroff is writing music for him.
éf é show up in a picture where é not onéy don't swim... but é don't even do one musicaé number, they're gonna céobber me.
é don't want to turn it into a musicaé, it's too expensive.
you take a giré home to find three party members waiting?
we don't mean to intrude... but é have a very important piece of information for you.
éf that's your idea of éove... yes, it scares the dayéights out of me.
comrades, there's no éonger any reason for us to remain in paris.
you know, if we céose our eyes and just éisten to our voices... we couéd imagine we are in paris.
é can see those enormous cigars in that shop near the hoteé.
ìaybe é was a éittée devious about it, but at éeast you're here.
é am here because of an anonymous report on these three.
é toéd you they wouéd not éet me stay in paris.
éf they knew é was writing a score for your picture--
ét is true that the commissar of art suggested that we éook you up... say heééo and point out a few things.
he wanted us to teéé you how much russia éoves you... how much she needs you.
comrade commissar... if you had éooked at my credentiaés a éittée éess casuaééy... you wouéd have noticed that the age of 16...
é formaééy rejected aéé bourgeois péeasure and induégence... to become the head of an anti-aircraft gun crew.
what a charming idea for ìoscow to surprise us with a éady comrade.
éf we wouéd've known we wouéd have greeted you with féowers.
any attempt on your part to interfere with our efforts to secure boroff's return... wiéé be met with éegaé action from my government.
we'éé hoéd you éiabée and accountabée for aéé damages sustained by us.
ét's quite obvious what you have done to bibinski, brankov and évanov.
but if you think you wiéé do the same thing to me... you had better stop right now.
why don't we go out on the town together and find out?
the things é want to see can be seen better in dayéight.
but you are attracted to me, and obviouséy there must be scientific reasons.
there are reasons, but they have nothing to do with eéectro-magnets.
éf é show up in a picture where é not onéy don't swim... but é don't even do one musicaé number, they're gonna céobber me.
é don't want to turn it into a musicaé, it's too expensive.
with your quick musicaé ear, é'm sure if you éisten to...
ode to a tractor, you'éé discover a wonderfué theme in it.
at home, there is stiéé snow and ice... and here, éook at the birds.
é aéways feét a éittée hurt... when our swaééows deserted us in winter for capitaéistic countries.
you take a giré home to find three party members waiting?
we don't mean to intrude... but é have a very important piece of information for you.
éf that's your idea of éove... yes, it scares the dayéights out of me.
comrades, there's no éonger any reason for us to remain in paris.
we have sent them on a mission concerning the saée of our fiéms.
they have been there for weeks and haven't soéd one fiém.
é couédn't get into russia, so é had to get you out.
ìaybe é was a éittée devious about it, but at éeast you're here.
i told you they would not let me stay in paris.
if they knew i was writing a score for your picture...
it is true that the commissar of art suggested that we look you up... say hello and point out a few things.
he wanted us to tell you how much russia loves you... how much she needs you.
comrade commissar... if you had looked at my credentials a little less casually... you would have noticed at the age of 16...
i formally rejected all bourgeois pleasure and indulgence... to become the head of an anti-aircraft gun crew.
any attempt on your part to interfere with our efforts to secure boroff's return... will be met with legal action from my government.
we'll hold you liable and accountable for all damages sustained by us.
it's quite obvious what you have done to bibinski, brankov and ivanov.
but if you think you will do the same thing to me... you had better stop right now.
why don't we go out on the town together and find out?
the things i want to see can be seen better in daylight.
but you are attracted to me, and obviously there must be scientific reasons.
there are reasons, but they have nothing to do with electro-magnets.
if i show up in a picture where i not only don't swim... but i don't even do one musical number, they're gonna clobber me.
i don't want to turn it into a musical, it's too expensive.
let's not have a big tragedy over a silly little musical number.
all we did was make a popular song out of boroff's music.
we make popular songs from classics, and millions of people enjoy them.
no one's offended, no one's insulted, no one's forced to listen, so...
if that's your idea of love... yes, it scares the daylights out of me.
comrades, there's no longer any reason for us to remain in paris.
i've told you for weeks, mr. canfield, we do not let just anybody into russia.
it is as hard to get in as it is to get out.
maybe i was a little devious about it, but at least you're here.
i am here because of an anonymous report on these three.
he wanted us to tell you how much russia loves you... how much she needs you.
and how nice it would be if you came back to russia with us.
i formally rejected all bourgeois pleasure and indulgence... to become the head of an anti-aircraft gun crew.
at 18, i became the captain of a woman's tank corps.
from the ritz bar and the folies bergère... all the places we could be shot for visiting.
but, colette... you're not going to let your husband spoil our whole evening, are you?
but now we have to get the affidavit at once... from canfield, immediately.
and warn him not to mention boroff is writing music for him.
what a charming idea for moscow to surprise us with a lady comrade.
if we would've known we would have greeted you with flowers.
there are reasons, but they have nothing to do with electro-magnets.
kamichev once observed the behavior of 40 turtles... for three months and he discovered...
we may not even be good friends before this picture's finished.
about that boroff, that creep's been following me around all day.
with your quick musical ear, i'm sure if you listen to...
ode to a tractor, you'll discover a wonderful theme in it.
at home, there is still snow and ice... and here, look at the birds.
i always felt a little hurt... when our swallows deserted us in winter for capitalistic countries.
you take a girl home to find three party members waiting?
we don't mean to intrude... but i have a very important piece of information for you.
of all the reasons for breaking up, this beats them all.
i thought you were all through with this twisted political thinking.
you know, if we close our eyes and just listen to our voices... we could imagine we are in paris.
i can see those enormous cigars in that shop near the hotel.
when commercial capitalism occupies a position... of unquestioned ascendancy... it everywhere constitutes a system of plunder and decadence.
of all the classes that stand face to face with the bourgeoisie... the proletariat alone is a really revolutionary class.
we have sent them on a mission concerning the sale of our films.
they have been there for weeks and haven't sold one film.
maybe i was a little devious about it, but at least you're here.
i am here because of an anonymous report on these three.
he must not, by one jot or one tittle, be offended.
you are the instrument chosen by fate and by me to see to that happy result.
your host is correctly addressed as your grand ducal highness or sir.
as a prince of hungary before his marriage to the queen of carpathia...
i decided to change it when i decided to stay in england.
you see, the company i came over with from the states...
you will forgive me if i don't join you for the minute.
i've already had dinner, and i have some business to attend to.
you would lock the stable door after the horse has bolted?
if your grand ducal highness wishes the stable door locked, the coachman--
maud, my chief lady-in-waiting, claims that she cannot leave her bed.
so i have no option but to take the baroness brunnheim to the abbey.
as you know, i always have been a little nervous of long ceremonies.
good, then lend her your gloves and arrange your veil on her.
but i will tell you the treatment of your son just now was bad policy.
good policy, i suppose, would be to kiss him and say:
perhaps that is because i don't wear my heart on my sleeve.
some people prefer to keep their feelings bottled up, and l--
i will give this manifesto to the press of the entire world.
that will proclaim wolfstein's guilt and explain why i put him in jail.
...include the regent of carpathia, his highness the grand duke charles.
he will be accompanied by the present king, his son, and the queen dowager.
the most efficient railways in the balkans and the fourth largest army in europe.
so delicately poised is the balance of power right now that the secession of this from this to that would make the aggressor strong enough to start his war.
he's a very touchy proposition altogether but a very vital one.
he must not, by one jot or one tittle, be offended.
"his grand ducal highness the grand duke charles, prince regent of carpathia requests miss elsie marina's company at supper this evening june 21,1911 at 12 midnight at carpathian embassy 46 belgrave square. " is it a joke?
"the honorable peter northbrook will be at the theater at 11:15 to escort miss marina to the embassy. "
your host is correctly addressed as your grand ducal highness or sir.
as a prince of hungary before his marriage to the queen of carpathia he is correctly entitled to the appellation of lmperial and royal.
i did have an idea when i received the grand duke's instructions--
there's a word for what you are and it's not deputy head of the far eastern department.
for ten years we were utterly devoted to each other with never an unkind word on either side.
how could there be any question of anyone minding anything in such circumstances?
your grand ducal highness ordered the attendants moved from the door.
see that the motor is here and have miss marina escorted to a place called brixton.
you would lock the stable door after the horse has bolted?
if your grand ducal highness wishes the stable door locked, the coachman--
i wonder who it is i have left off this list.
there was a name he was looking for and relieved to find not there.
she has as much sense of comme il faut as a rhinoceros.
do i gather the evening was not an entirely happy one?
the mind of a backward child, the muscles of a boxer an approach to life of such stomach-turning sentimentality that i found myself last night uttering phrases which had they been overheard would make me the laughingstock of europe.
to crown it all, she's rendered insensible by an amount of vodka which in carpathia you would add to the morning milk of a 4-year-old child as a mild tonic.
to think how overjoyed lucy sunningdale would have been if i had asked her to have a little supper with me.
i have to remind you, i think i heard you remark that you found lady sunningdale old hat.
maud, my chief lady-in-waiting, claims that she cannot leave her bed.
so i have no option but to take the baroness brunnheim to the abbey.
as you know, i always have been a little nervous of long ceremonies.
good, then lend her your gloves and arrange your veil on her.
if you were asking me that question seriously i'd answer, but since you're not--
but i am asking you, although i know what the answer's going to be.
now, say to me what you said to me this morning.
if i do, you'll laugh at me again and say my epaulets are scratching and i shall be disconcerted again.
but that my son should conspire against me has been a most bitter shock, you know?
i wonder if you realize how easy it is to break a father's heart?
you don't know how many engagements i broke for your sake tonight.
some that i wouldn't break for any other man in the world.
you're very pretty, but think twice before entering the political arena.
the role of madame de pompadour may be a little beyond your range.
we're not here dealing with a civilized adult, but an unruly child.
do you think i am anxious to have supper for three?
after lady sunningdale arrives, i'll come up and announce that the ambassador urgently requires your presence and that your business will last at least an hour.
you will then say goodbye to miss marina for the last time.
that will help you see it in the best possible light.
do you not see that a general election would put the kaiser's party in power and there will be a war in europe in 6 months?
having established wolfstein's guilt to the world, i will release him.
so will i make him look the perfect fool and i will look to the world as the true freedom-loving democrat.
did i not sometimes feel the lack of love in my life?
mr. northbrook, my father asked me if i felt the lack of love in my life.
he must not, by one jot or one tittle, be offended.
you are the instrument chosen by fate and by me to see to that happy result.
your host is correctly addressed as your grand ducal highness or sir.
as a prince of hungary before his marriage to the queen of carpathia...
i decided to change it when i decided to stay in england.
you see, the company i came over with from the states...
you will forgive me if i don't join you for the minute.
i've already had dinner, and i have some business to attend to.
you would lock the stable door after the horse has bolted?
if your grand ducal highness wishes the stable door locked, the coachman--
maud, my chief lady-in-waiting, claims that she cannot leave her bed.
so i have no option but to take the baroness brunnheim to the abbey.
as you know, i always have been a little nervous of long ceremonies.
good, then lend her your gloves and arrange your veil on her.
but i will tell you the treatment of your son just now was bad policy.
good policy, i suppose, would be to kiss him and say:
perhaps that is because i don't wear my heart on my sleeve.
some people prefer to keep their feelings bottled up, and l--
i will give this manifesto to the press of the entire world.
that will proclaim wolfstein's guilt and explain why i put him in jail.
so i grunted and grunted - yeah, but they did not go!
i'm sure, i'm sure that it will be an extraordinary child!
the flower is in full blossom, why should you keep it when so many old maids are still unmarried?
as long as the matter's brought up, you should decide it the right way and make your child happy.
now we should drink on it, so that the granddad rest in peace."
and i hung his portrait over my bed in memory of him.
tell me how i am to live, whether my life is done or not.
i thought you would come back, but i'm not trying to part you two.
have pity and write, then i shall know what to think, for i'm now neither here nor there.
do not be angry with me, grisha, for the love of christ.
for how long have you been a member of the rsdrp?
here's the paper from rostov that confirms your membership in that party.
you must count your blessings, here in the marsh we're safe.
other sectors are fighting, and we hardly spend a cartridge a week.
kerensky is between these two millstones, if not one then another will grind him up.
he'd better sleep in the tsarina's bed now, as long as it's vacated.
while we're discussing it here, the enemies of the working people are on their guard.
we all want the wolves be sated and the sheep intact.
i propose... to elect from the delegates of our congress a cossack war revolutionary committee!
and to delegate it with carrying on struggle with kaledin and organizing...
do you really believe, podtyolkov, that the don will follow you, an illiterate cossack?
if anyone follows you, that'll be a gang of frenzied, homeless cossacks.
there was a time when paris welcomed its liberators, the don cossacks.
104 years ago, our ataman, count platov, was a guest in london.
well, you all know what kind of a man he was.
koshevoy, while you're rallying here, some force has broken in the villages.
antip, by killing the man you won't bring your father back to life.
men, they're dividing the sugar at the storehouse, you better go there.
kudinov or the generals, we'll drive them out and put you in their place.
i say we'll drive them all out and put him in.
a few more medals for me and i'll be a general!
while the officers are fighting, who is going to train the old men?
that night i fell from my horse three times, as if i was blown off.
a glass of such wine is great on an empty stomach.
so you're afraid, mikhail, that i will rebel against the soviets?
i'm afraid of nothing, but i'm sure that once there's some trouble, you'll join the other side.
the police is unable to capture the bandit known as the bat... that continues to attack without restraint.
from the few data gathered... it is believed the bat is a famous scientist... that carries out prohibited experiments... as vivisection of animals, inserting parts that don't belong to them... thus creating monstrous creatures.
what an honor for your father to be president of this congress.
yes, i'm very proud of him as well as of eduardo.
simply my scientific work that i have come here to demonstrate.
we've accepted therapeutic hypnosis awhile back... but to use it for regression to a past life, as you say... we can not tolerate, nor allow in this congress.
if you are so sure, doctor, why haven't you undertaken it?
because i haven't found the subject who would lend himself to it.
i am going to make you return to a former existence.
i will count from six to zero... and when i get to zero you will erase all memory of this life... and will start to remember that former life.
now they have him drink the sacred elixir... that will drive him mad.
now i will die to honor the great god... and popoca will be buried alive... and will have to eternally watch over the breastplate and arm band... and for centuries upon centuries his soul will be damned to unrest.
even if we repeated it before congress, it is of no avail.
they would think the subject's reactions... were dictated by my thoughts.
from now on you will watch over dr. almada's house... tapping his telephone... and informing me of all his whereabouts.
we are faced with a matter that could be very beneficial for us.
i don't know but it must be very valuable as always.
we need to find some proof, so convincing... that the geniuses will have to surrender to it.
i hope we don't regret what might happen to us tonight.
only with your help we can get to the truth of the matter.
we were so astonished with what we had found... we forgot all about the arm band.
the two objects complement each other... and without the arm band, it will be impossible to decipher the hieroglyph.
so, i should believe that the spirit of the dead will punish me?
in the realm of the dead, the secondary malignant spirits... are always ready to follow the orders of the ruler of darkness.
the elements of the astral powers... take advantage of curses to sustain a spirit of revenge.
and we poor mortals can only kneel down... calling to the only one who can save us... the divine maestro.
once we have them in our possession we'll give the doctor conditions.
we will divide the treasure in half, one part for him, the other for us.
i wish he did have a good dog, like old bell.
when you were little, old bell wouldn't let you near anything harmful.
after breakfast, you can take to the woods and get us a deer.
and, travis, do some thinkin' on what i said about arliss and that old yeller dog.
he was way down deep under where there was this cave... and it was real dark and muddy.
and there's about a million other fish, and they all tried to eat me.
well, you certainly brought home a rabbit, and now this big catfish.
- you're gettin' to be as good a hunter as travis.
now, travis, let him tell his stories the way he wants to.
but, mama, i just seen that old yeller dog catch this fish.
but he's a heap more dog than i ever had him figured for.
just listen to those songbirds this mornin'... singin' their heads off.
and the bee myrtle was in blossom and... full of singing' birds, like now.
and it was all so pretty, i just couldn't go on.
just dropped over to see if there's any little thing i could do for you folks.
travis, boy, take this old pony down to the corn crib and strip the saddle gear off him.
we don't get some rain pretty soon, this country's gonna burn up bad.
corn crop ain't gonna be worth nothin' more than a whirlwind nubbins.
elizabeth, honey, run down to the spring... and fetch your poor old pappy a bucket of fresh water.
i'll tell you, miss coates, it's a heavy responsibility... ridin' herd on the settlement while the menfolks is gone.
i was chose for this job and i'll get her done.
i, uh, kinda figured to head up that cow drive to kansas myself.
lookin' out after you womenfolks... and the young ones sure keeps a man a-hoppin' around.
biggest bother i've had though lately is the thievin' what's been goin' on at salt licks.
yep, and i reckon just about the meanest critter alive go after his meat.
cut you 1 4 different ways before you can get fixed to rot.
them old hogs can fuss and charge around all they please, but up a tree... you're as safe as at home in bed.
travis, boy, you go fetch my pony, and we'll be pullin' out for home.
now don't you fret yourself at all while your man's gone.
we'll be lookin' in on you again afore you know it.
you mean you'd swap me old yeller for this here horny toad?
well, now, that's a fine horny toad, and i want him bad.
not until they get to the point of slobbering' and staggering' around.
you see a critter in that fix, you know for sure.
but you wanna watch for others that ain't that far along.
now you take a bobcat and a fox-- you know they'll run if they get the chance.
he run at his woman and young 'uns, tryin' to bite 'em.
and he'd have done that too... if that chain hadn't held him back.
what do you mean tellin' an ugly story like that to a boy who's just been hog cut?
well, now, miss coates, i was just tryin' to give a word of warning'.
reckon if i can't be of no more help around here, i'll be makin' tracks for home.
"help." there are plenty of ways a man could help around here.
like hitchin' up the mule and gathering' in the corn crop... before the deer eat it up, or the blowing' rain rot it in the field!
now, don't you fret yourself at all about that corn crop, miss coates.
i guess you wouldn't like it either if you had to stay shut up in a corn crib!
you ain't gonna keep my dog locked up in that crib no more!
i wanna get a look at his face... when he sees the horse i brung him.
him and elizabeth searcy are over at north hill... burying old yeller.
but i'll tell you a trick that's sometimes a big help.
you start lookin' around for somethin' good... to take the place of the bad.
looks like it's about time i started learnin' this old pup to earn his keep.
don't look like to me he's hardly big enough to learn nothin' yet.
old yeller was a mongrel an ugly lop-eared mongrel fancy-free without a family tree
but he could up and do it and prove there's nothin' to it and that's how a good dog should be here, yeller come back, yeller best doggone dog in the west best doggone dog in the west
old yeller was a hunter a rarin', tearing' hunter in any chase he knew just how to run and when he hunted trouble he always found it double and that's when old yeller had fun here, yeller
come back, yeller best doggone dog in the west best doggone dog in the west
old yeller was a fighter a rootin', tootin' fighter in any scrap he knew just what to do knewwhatto do aroughandreadyfeller although his coat was yeller his bold texas heart was true blue trueblue
here, yeller come back, yeller best doggone dog in the west here, yeller come back, yeller best doggone dog in the west best doggone dog in the west
after breakfast, you can take to the woods and get us a deer.
and, travis, do some thinkin' on what i said about arliss and that old yeller dog.
had to dive way down deep under to catch this fish.
he was way down deep under where there was this cave...
well, you certainly brought home a rabbit, and now this big catfish.
- you're gettin' to be as good a hunter as travis.
mama, you know them is just big windies arliss is tellin'.
now, travis, let him tell his stories the way he wants to.
corn crop ain't gonna be worth nothin' more than a whirlwind nubbins.
some folks'll be scrapin' the bottoms of their meal barrels come wintertime.
i was chose for this job and i'll get her done.
i, uh, kinda figured to head up that cow drive to kansas myself.
but when man after man called me all spoke private like...
beggin' me to stay, look after you womenfolks and the young ones, i seen my duty.
but i did go tell that boy's mama where he was, so she could rest easy...
till the varmints left out and give him a chance to climb down.
and i reckon just about the meanest critter alive go after his meat.
cut you 14 different ways before you can get fixed to rot.
it was right neighborly-like of you to feed us, miss coates.
now don't you fret yourself at all while your man's gone.
i aim to milk you if i have to break every bone in your body.
so now, rose, you know as well as i we're not gonna hurt ya.
i've been wantin' mighty bad to get me a big horned toad like you got there.
you mean you'd swap me old yeller for this here horny toad?
well, now, that's a fine horny toad, and i want him bad.
but on the other hand, he ain't hardly as big as a dog.
you see a critter in that fix, you know for sure.
but you wanna watch for others that ain't that far along.
now if you'll excuse me, mr. searcy, i'm makin' up some new poultice.
you know, it's right providence i come along when i did.
same as that there boy or that old yeller dog there.
seen them foamin' at the mouth, shown any signs of fits?
now, miss coates, i was just tryin' to give a word of warning'.
reckon if i can't be of no more help around here, i'll be makin' tracks for home.
like hitchin' up the mule and gathering' in the corn crop...
before the deer eat it up, or the blowing' rain rot it in the field!
- right now i feel sorta the same way... but i put 1 00 head of our steers into that pool herd.
and in kansas, we can get, maybe, four or five dollars a head for 'em.
there's us and the young 'uns, good land... plenty of water, game for the killin'.
cash money is all we need to get a tight tail-hold on the world.
think you can handle old jumper when he's hooked up to a plough?
i'll handle him, or i'll bust his jawbone with a club.
i wish he did have a good dog, like old bell.
when you were little, old bell wouldn't let you near anything harmful.
after breakfast, you can take to the woods and get us a deer.
and, travis, do some thinkin' on what i said about arliss
what i oughta do is run you clean off this place.
you touch a bite of this meat and come mornin' i'm gonna shoot you
you could've put it on the ground and he wouldn't have touched it.
you better get dressed if you want an early start cuttin' fence posts.
had to dive way down deep under to catch this fish.
he was way down deep under where there was this cave... and it was real dark and muddy.
well, you certainly brought home a rabbit, and now this big catfish.
- you're gettin' to be as good a hunter as travis.
mama, you know them is just big windies arliss is tellin'.
now, travis, let him tell his stories the way he wants to.
but he's a heap more dog than i ever had him figured for.
just listen to those songbirds this mornin'... singin' their heads off.
and the bee myrtle was in blossom and... full of singing' birds, like now.
and it was all so pretty, i just couldn't go on.
corn crop ain't gonna be worth nothin' more than a whirlwind nubbins.
some folks'll be scraping' the bottoms of their meal barrels come wintertime.
i, uh, kinda figured to head up that cow drive to kansas myself.
but when man after man called me all spoke private like... beggin' me to stay behind and look out after you womenfolks
when you get right down to hogs, just about the best eating' there is alive.
yep, and i reckon just about the meanest critter alive go after his meat.
it was right neighbourly-like of you to feed us, miss coates.
now don't you fret yourself at all while your man's gone.
by the time he finished eatin' and visiting' with everyone them cows would be dead of old age.
mama, elizabeth says it's old yeller... what's been doin' all that stealing' out in salt licks.
i wonder if maybe papa's lying out there... on the trail somewhere lookin' at 'em too.
i wish i was with him... way off yonder... up in kansas... seein' all that... big... country.
i aim to milk you if i have to break every bone in your body.
so now, rose, you know as well as i we're not gonna hurt ya.
- runnin' me a few head of cattle over on devil's creek.
bud searcy told me about an old, stray dog you folks had.
you mean you'd swap me old yeller for this here horny toad?
well, now, that's a fine horny toad, and i want him bad.
well, ma'am, i guess i better be gettin' back to camp.
- come with me, boy, while i get my horse settled.
not until they get to the point of slobbering' and staggering' around.
you see a critter in that fix, you know for sure.
but you wanna watch for others that ain't that far along.
now you take a bobcat and a fox-- you know they'll run if they get the chance.
well, now, miss coates, i was just tryin' to give a word of warning'.
reckon if i can't be of no more help around here,
i guess you wouldn't like it either if you had to stay shut up in a corn crib!
you ain't gonna keep my dog locked up in that crib no more!
i wanna get a look at his face... when he sees the horse i brung him.
him and elizabeth searcy are over at north hill... burying old yeller.
but i'll tell you a trick that's sometimes a big help.
you start lookin' around for somethin' good... to take the place of the bad.
looks like it's about time i started learnin' this old pup to earn his keep.
don't look like to me he's hardly big enough to learn nothin' yet.
there's us and the young 'uns, good land, plenty of water, game for the killin'.
cash money is all we need to get a tight tail-hold on the world.
think you can handle old jumper when he's hooked to a plow?
i'll handle him, or i'll bust his jawbone with a club.
well, what you're needin' worse than a horse is a good dog.
yes, sir, but what i'm wantin' worst is a good horse.
had to dive way down deep under to catch this fish.
he was way down deep under where there was this cave and it was real dark and muddy.
mama, you know them is just big windies arliss is tellin'.
now, travis, let him tell his stories the way he wants to.
corn crop ain't gonna be worth nothin' more than a whirlwind nubbins.
some folks'll be scraping' the bottom of their meal barrels come wintertime.
i was chose for this job and i'll get her done.
i, kinda figured to head up that cow drive to kansas myself.
but when man after man called me all spoke private like...
beggin' me to stay behind, look after you womenfolks and the young ones, i seen my duty.
lookin' out after you womenfolks and the young ones sure keeps a man a-hoppin' around.
biggest bother i've had, though, lately is the thievin' what's been goin' on at salt licks.
when you git right down to hogs, just about the best eating' there is alive.
and i reckon just about the meanest critter alive go after his meat.
them old hogs can fuss and charge around all they please, but up a tree you're as safe as at home in bed.
travis, boy, you go fetch my pony, and we'll be pullin' out for home.
now, don't you fret yourself at all while your man's gone.
we'll be lookin' in on you again before you know it.
ma'am, you and the boys don't have much protection out here.
bad as i need that old dog, i could give you a loan of him till your man comes home.
you mean you'd swap me old yeller for this here horny toad?
well, now, that's a fine horny toad, and i want him bad.
you see a critter in that fix, you know for sure.
but you wanna watch for others that ain't that far along.
you know, it's right providential i come along when i did.
'tain't nothin' better than a prickly pear poultice, providing' a body knows how to fix it.
same as that there boy or that old, yeller dog there.
seen either one of them foamin' at the mouth, shown any signs of fits?
he run at his woman and young 'uns, tryin' to bite 'em.
he'd have done it too if that chain hadn't held him back.
now, miss coates, i was just tryin' to give a word of warning'.
reckon if i can't be of no more help around here,
like hitchin' up the mule and gathering' in the corn crop before the deer eat it up, or the blowing' rain rot it in the field!
now, don't you fret yourself at all about that corn crop, miss coates.
but i'll tell you a trick that's sometimes a big help.
you start lookin' around for somethin' good to take the place of the bad.
don't look like to me he's hardly big enough to learn nothin' yet.
he's big enough to learn if he's big enough to act like old yeller.
(music) old yeller was a fighter a rootin', tootin' fighter (music)
(music) in any scrap he knew just what to do (music)
i put 100 head of our steers into that pool herd.
and in kansas, we can get, maybe, four or five dollars a head fer 'em.
after breakfast, you can take to the woods and get us a deer.
and, travis, do some thinkin' on what i said about arliss and that old yeller dog.
had to dive way down deep under to catch this fish.
he was way down deep under where there was this cave...
well, you certainly brought home a rabbit, and now this big catfish.
- you're gettin' to be as good a hunter as travis.
mama, you know them is just big windies arliss is tellin'.
now, travis, let him tell his stories the way he wants to.
corn crop ain't gonna be worth nothin' more than a whirlwind nubbins.
some folks'll be scrapin' the bottoms of their meal barrels come wintertime.
i was chose for this job and i'll get her done.
i, uh, kinda figured to head up that cow drive to kansas myself.
but when man after man called me all spoke private like...
beggin' me to stay, look after you womenfolks and the young ones, i seen my duty.
but i did go tell that boy's mama where he was, so she could rest easy...
till the varmints left out and give him a chance to climb down.
when you git right down to hogs, just about the best eatin' there is alive.
and i reckon just about the meanest critter alive go after his meat.
now don't you fret yourself at all while your man's gone.
we'll be lookin' in on you again a-fore you know it.
i've been wantin' mighty bad to get me a big horned toad like you got there.
you mean you'd swap me old yeller for this here horny toad ?
well, now, that's a fine horny toad, and i want him bad.
but on the other hand, he ain't hardly as big as a dog.
not until they get to the point of slobberin' and staggering' around.
you see a critter in that fix, you know for sure.
now if you'll excuse me, mr. searcy, i'm makin' up some new poultice.
you know, it's right providence i come along when i did.
he run at his woman and young 'uns, tryin' to bite 'em.
he'd have done it if that chain hadn't held him back.
what do you mean tellin' an ugly story like that to a boy who's just been hog cut ?
now, miss coates, i was just tryin' to give a word of warning'.
before the deer eat it up, or the blowing' rain rot it in the field !
now, don't you fret yourself at all about that corn crop.
i guess you wouldn't like it, either, if you had to stay shut up in a corn crib !
you ain't gonna keep my dog locked up in that crib no more !
old yeller here, yeller come back, yeller best doggone dog in the west
old yeller was a mongrel an ugly lop-eared mongrel fancy-free without a family tree
but he could up and do it and prove there's nothin' to it and that's how a good dog should be here, yeller come back, yeller best doggone dog in the west best doggone dog in the west
old yeller was a hunter a rarin', tearing' hunter in any chase he knew just how to run and when he hunted trouble he always found it double and that's when old yeller had fun here, yeller
come back, yeller best doggone dog in the west best doggone dog in the west
old yeller was a fighter a rootin', tootin' fighter in any scrap he knew just what to do knew what to do a rough and ready feller although his coat was yeller his bold texas heart was true blue true blue
i put 100 head of our steers into that pool herd.
and in kansas, we can get, maybe, four or five dollars a head fer 'em.
think you can handle old jumper when he's hooked to a plow?
i'll handle him, or i'll bust his jawbone with a club.
well, what you're needin' worse than a horse is a good dog.
yes, sir, but what i'm wantin' worst is a good horse.
i wish he did have a good dog, like old bell.
when you were little, old bell wouldn't let you near anything harmful.
you could've put it on the ground and he wouldn't have touched it.
you better get dressed if you want an early start cuttin' fence posts.
he came runnin' by, and i roped him right by the ears.
well, you certainly brought home a rabbit, and now this big catfish.
now, travis, let him tell his stories the way he wants to.
but, mama, i just seen that old yeller dog catch this fish.
just dropped over to see if there's any thing i could do.
travis, take this pony to the corn crib and strip the saddle gear off him.
we don't get some rain pretty soon, this country's gonna burn up bad.
corn crop ain't gonna be worth nothin' more than a whirlwind nubbins.
i, uh, kinda figured to head up that cow drive to kansas myself.
but when man after man called me all spoke private like...
when you git right down to hogs, just about the best eatin' there is alive.
and i reckon just about the meanest critter alive go after his meat.
now don't you fret yourself at all while your man's gone.
we'll be lookin' in on you again a-fore you know it.
ma'am, you and the boys don't have much protection out here.
bad as i need that old dog, i could give you a loan of him till your man comes home.
you mean you'd swap me old yeller for this here horny toad?
well, now, that's a fine horny toad, and i want him bad.
not until they get to the point of slobbering' and staggering' around.
you see a critter in that fix, you know for sure.
you know, it's right providence i come along when i did.
'tain't nothin' better than a prickly pear poultice, providing' a body knows how to fix it.
he run at his woman and young 'uns, tryin' to bite 'em.
he'd have done it if that chain hadn't held him back.
now, miss coates, i was just tryin' to give a word of warning'.
reckon if i can't be of no more help around here, i'll be makin' tracks for home.
like hitchin' up the mule and gathering' in the corn crop...
before the deer eat it up, or the blowing' rain rot it in the field!
- right now i feel sorta the same way... but i put 1 00 head of our steers into that pool herd.
and in kansas, we can get, maybe, four or five dollars a head for 'em.
there's us and the young 'uns, good land... plenty of water, game for the killin'.
cash money is all we need to get a tight tail-hold on the world.
think you can handle old jumper when he's hooked up to a plough?
i'll handle him, or i'll bust his jawbone with a club.
- well, what you're needin' worse than a horse is a good dog.
yes, sir, but what i'm wantin' worst is a good horse.
what i oughta do is run you clean off this place.
you touch a bite of this meat and come mornin' i'm gonna shoot you right between the eyes.
you could've put it on the ground and he wouldn't have touched it.
you better get dressed if you want an early start cuttin' fence posts.
had to dive way down deep under to catch this fish.
he was way down deep under where there was this cave... and it was real dark and muddy.
he came runnin' by, and i roped him right by the ears.
well, you certainly brought home a rabbit, and now this big catfish.
mama, you know them is just big windies arliss is tellin'.
now, travis, let him tell his stories the way he wants to.
we meant to build over at the salt licks settlement... where it would've been safer from the indians, but... that last day, we camped by the spring.
and the bee myrtle was in blossom and... full of singing' birds, like now.
corn crop ain't gonna be worth nothin' more than a whirlwind nubbins.
some folks'll be scraping' the bottoms of their meal barrels come wintertime.
i, uh, kinda figured to head up that cow drive to kansas myself.
but when man after man called me all spoke private like... beggin' me to stay behind and look out after you womenfolks and the young ones, i seen my duty.
be dogged that the rest of them didn't tree that boy.
kept him up there too till i happened along and see'd what a pickle he was in.
when you get right down to hogs, just about the best eating' there is alive.
yep, and i reckon just about the meanest critter alive go after his meat.
it was right neighbourly-like of you to feed us, miss coates.
now don't you fret yourself at all while your man's gone.
by the time he finished eatin' and visiting' with everyone this side of abilene... them cows would be dead of old age.
mama, elizabeth says it's old yeller... what's been doin' all that stealing' out in salt licks.
i wonder if maybe papa's lying out there... on the trail somewhere lookin' at 'em too.
i wish i was with him... way off yonder... up in kansas... seein' all that... big... country.
i aim to milk you if i have to break every bone in your body.
so now, rose, you know as well as i we're not gonna hurt ya.
ma'am, uh, you and the boys don't have much protection out here.
bad as i need that old dog, i could give you a loan of him till your man comes home.
i've been wantin' mighty bad to get me a big horned toad like you got there.
you mean you'd swap me old yeller for this here horny toad?
well, now, that's a fine horny toad, and i want him bad.
but on the other hand, he ain't hardly as big as a dog.
well, ma'am, i guess i better be gettin' back to camp.
- come with me, boy, while i get my horse settled.
you see a critter in that fix, you know for sure.
but you wanna watch for others that ain't that far along.
now you take a bobcat and a fox-- you know they'll run if they get the chance.
but when one don't run or maybe makes fight at you, why, you shoot him and shoot him quick.
you know, it's right providence i come along when i did.
'tain't nothin' better... than a prickly pear poultice, providing', of course, a body knows how to fix it.
well, now, miss coates, i was just tryin' to give a word of warning'.
reckon if i can't be of no more help around here, i'll be makin' tracks for home.
well... now and then, for no good reason a man can figure out... life will just haul off and knock him flat.
slam him again' the ground so hard it seems like all his insides is busted.
don't look like to me he's hardly big enough to learn nothin' yet.
he's big enough to learn if he's big enough to act like old yeller.
think you can handle old jumper when he's hooked to a plow?
i'll handle him, or i'll bust his jawbone with a club.
well, what you're needin' worse than a horse is a good dog.
yes, sir, but what i'm wantin' worst is a good horse.
after breakfast, you can take to the woods and get us a deer.
and, travis, do some thinkin' on what i said about arliss and that old, yeller dog.
had to dive way down deep under to catch this fish.
he was way down deep under where there was this cave and it was real dark and muddy.
now, travis, let him tell his stories the way he wants to.
but, mama, i just seen that old, yeller dog catch this fish.
and the bee myrtle was in blossom and full of singing' birds, like now.
and it was all so pretty, i just couldn't go on.
just dropped over to see if there's anything i could do.
travis, take this pony to the corn crib and strip the saddle gear off him.
corn crop ain't gonna be worth nothin' more than a whirlwind nubbins.
some folks'll be scraping' the bottom of their meal barrels come wintertime.
i was chose for this job and i'll get her done.
i, uh, kinda figured to head up that cow drive to kansas myself.
but when man after man called me all spoke private like...
beggin' me to stay behind, look after you womenfolks and the young ones, i seen my duty.
lookin' out after you womenfolks and the young ones sure keeps a man a-hoppin' around.
biggest bother i've had, though, lately is the thievin' what's been goin' on at salt licks.
when you git right down to hogs, just about the best eating' there is alive.
and i reckon just about the meanest critter alive go after his meat.
now, don't you fret yourself at all while your man's gone.
we'll be lookin' in on you again before you know it.
by the time he finished eating' and visitin' with everyone this side of abilene, them cows would be dead of old age.
mama, lisbeth says it's old yeller what's been doin' all that stealing' out in salt licks.
i wonder if maybe papa's lying out there on the trail somewhere, lookin' at 'em, too.
i wish i was with him, way off yonder, up in kansas...
i aim to milk you if i have to break every bone in your body.
so now, rose, you know as well as i we're not gonna hurt ya.
you mean you'd swap me old yeller for this here horny toad?
well, now, that's a fine horny toad, and i want him bad.
not until they get to the point of slobbering' and staggering' around.
you see a critter in that fix, you know for sure.
now if you'll excuse me, mr. searcy, i'm makin' up some new poultice.
you know, it's right providential i come along when i did.
same as that there boy or that old, yeller dog there.
seen either one of them foamin' at the mouth, shown any signs of fits?
he run at his woman and young 'uns, tryin' to bite 'em.
he'd have done it too if that chain hadn't held him back.
now, miss coates, i was just tryin' to give a word of warning'.
reckon if i can't be of no more help around here,
i guess you wouldn't like it, either, if you had to stay shut up in a corn crib!
you ain't gonna keep my dog locked up in that crib no more!
but i'll tell you a trick that's sometimes a big help.
you start lookin' around for somethin' good to take the place of the bad.
at nights, when your lay your head on your pillow and get under your blanket,
i creep up on tiptoe to each of you and blow gently on the back of your head...
when i do that, you shut your eyes and you... fall asleep.
then i open my little umbrella... this one, with all the colors, over all the good, kind children.
kay visited gerda, and gerda's grandmother told the children fairy tales.
how marvelous it is, children, to listen to the logs crackling on the fire when it's cold out!
look, the snow is falling again, and every snowflake is like a little white bee.
grandmother, tell us, where do these white bee snowflakes come from?
she wasn't a wicked witch, and she only cast spells now and then, just for fun.
but now she cast a spell because she wanted to keep gerda no matter what.
i creep up on tiptoe to each of you and blow gently on the back of your head...
when i do that, you shut your eyes and you... fall asleep.
then i open my little umbrella... this one, with all the colors, over all the good, kind children.
then i twirl it just like this... and all night long they dream about wonderful fairy tales!
i open it and they fall asleep as well, but they just lie there like logs and don't have any dreams at all.
but since i have no doubt that all of you are very good, nice, obedient, and you aren't bullies or lazybones,
during summer they played in their airy garden, and when the rains began, followed by winter with its long nights,
kay visited gerda, and gerda's grandmother told the children fairy tales.
how marvelous it is, children, to listen to the logs crackling on the fire when it's cold out!
look, the snow is falling again, and every snowflake is like a little white bee.
she's made entirely of ice, of brilliant, sparkling ice, but she's alive.
her eyes shine like stars, but there's no warmth in them.
the snow queen gazes in it and she sees all her dominions... boundless snowy fields, seas locked in ice.
often at night she flies through city streets and peers in windows.
but now she cast a spell because she wanted to keep gerda no matter what.
in order to do that, she had to make gerda forget everything, forget kay.
a couple of years ago, she and her husband were living separately.
when he was sent on some remote island, she became mad thinking he was unfaithful.
i once had a fight with my wife and told her to leave.
but the boat came only in ten days and we had time to calm down.
he's still in love with masako, but he has no cure now.
the truth is i also wouldn't like our yukino to marry a lighthouse keeper.
it's something that, i suppose, you have to bear in mind.
we are very honored to know that you wish yukino to be shingo's wife.
i had to get an adjournment on one of my cases.
i'm sorry, but he and miss celane, they've been arguing ever since breakfast.
that's when he set up the trust, right after he brought me back from miami.
and your father is still calling the shots through your uncle edward, hmm?
and bright and early on the morning of her 25 birthday, she suddenly attains wisdom.
at 23 or 24, she's incapable of managing her own affairs.
i'm talking about fran's desire to marry at her discretion instead of yours.
as trustee, it is my considered opinion that fran lacks the emotional stability necessary for a happy marriage.
i'll have the full autopsy report on your desk in the morning.
his briefcase started to fall and i put it in the back seat.
from here, it looks like burger's gonna have himself a field day.
all right, mr. burger, the men are ready in the study.
they're gonna duplicate the actions that you reported seeing last night.
i want you to identify each of the men by name if you can.
donald graves, was actually looking through a window of the house, this defendant clubbed edward norton over the head, causing his death almost instantly.
further, that arthur crinston, accompanied by the eyewitness donald graves and by judge purley, rushed to that study, where they found the crumpled body of edward norton.
your honour, i move that the entire testimony of this witness be stricken and that the jury be instructed to disregard it on the grounds that no proper foundation has been laid.
do you have anything to say, mr. burger, before i rule on the motion?
whatever it is, you can be sure there's a good reason.
della, where are the papers paul gave you on those financial and banking matters?
miss mayfield, after you saw mr. gleason go into the study, what did you do?
i went to the pantry to make myself a cup of tea.
you knew that rod gleason was not supposed to be in that house.
yet when you saw him at the door to the study, you simply ignored it and went and made yourself a cup of tea?
as second, nowhere in your id's says that you are husband and wife.
as i say, we had no time to do it in our area...
the others want us to have an apartment first, and then to marry.
if we'd wait for my company and your father to get along, we wouldn't even manage to fall in love, let alone marry.
the guy from 4th floor moved in eight years ago temporarily, too.
they wouldn't marry if they weren't sure they'd get an apartment in the first place.
i was waiting for 20 nights on this stingy to get in bed early.
but when she appears tonight, this will make her jaw drop.
"for this only suit of mine, i had to raise a big loan.
"that's why i must smoke the cheapest cigarettes for a year,
but there are girls who judge boys by the way they dance, the way they dress, the way they look.
i guess one must look like a movie star to be fancied by them.
i was afraid after 10 years you'd be driving me home on a super-highway with drive-ins on both sides.
nothing much has changed in this part of africa, miss jan, not in 10 years, not in 50 years.
if the police want to dig him up later that's their business.
there's no casket but i'll get someone to sew him up in sailcloth.
it's pre-christian, of course, but it doesn't seem to be truly african.
you know, it's closer to those figures on easter island than anything i've seen.
the rest of the crew were slaughtered and the ship scuttled in the bay.
you think that these 10 men that had been killed returned to their ship?
do you think harrison is the kind of man who would destroy the diamonds after going to all the trouble of finding them?
throw them away because of an old wives' tale about men who died 60 years ago but aren't dead?
he was thrown a few yards and run over down there.
let's go back and see what we can pick up back there.
she's at the bottom of what's going on around here, and you all know it.
i'm sorry, mrs. peters, but, you see, she learned her manners as a hostess in eddy's front street saloon.
they say of the walking dead, that their souls can find no eternal rest, that they exist in torment.
if only people could find peace of soul and mind while they're alive.
i should be able to cut it open in five or ten minutes.
now, while i'm burning off the hinges, you stand by with another torch.
if i get through, i'll head for shore in the launch.
they'll follow me, and that'll give you a chance to get away.
they'll be here in a few minutes, and they're playing pretty rough.
and i don't want to be around here when they get here.
and i don't want jan around, or you, either, mrs. peters.
i figure we can get into the car, take mona, and clear out.
take a look of what doodles has to say about your daughter's wedding.
just 36 hours ago dick penrod, well-known american sportsman, flew your correspondent to the party events to nairobi, where we attended the wedding of prince ego orlando to the american heiress, ms. margaret cameron.
after seeing the bride and groom up on their honeymoon, we boarded dick's plane, and are now returning to the french riviera via cairo and rome.
if you want to be honest, you can add that it would probably take the wedding party a week to recover.
you don't have to tell me, i had 4 husbands, remember?
we're now flying to africa to see a spoiled little rich girl marry some broken down prince, we're dashing up to monte carlo to try the new system for beating roulette.
oh, well, if it'll make you feel better, we'll wait here until 8 o'clock tomorrow morning.
if the plane hasn't shown up by then, you start up with me.
he'll still get more rest here than he would if he were in a feather bed.
now, me, i'd like something to happen once in a while.
we're about to lose radar contact at the rate we're going.
reduce speed to speed of target and get on its tail.
we're going to try to stay on his tail until morning.
we will breakfast early, and go to battle stations at 0530.
don't be surprised if we tangle with a pig-boat a little after dawn.
do your jobs efficiently and we'll chalk one up for the haynes.
and if it did, we were most lucky to hit something.
and now i look in the periscope and it gives me the distance and the speed.
i pass this information to the attack table, and the machinery turns and the lights flash, and we get the answer.
the torpedo runs to its target, and there's no human error in this.
well, in time we'll all get back to our own stuff again.
the war'll get swallowed up and seem like it never happened.
i suppose there is some reason to lose hope, but i reject it.
i have a family, and i want something better for them than war, and i think it's possible.
how do you suppose the captain knew when to turn this old tub?
because he's the captain, and that's the reason he is and you ain't.
we'll get you flown stateside as soon as we put back into trinidad.
you'll be back in your civvy job in no time at all.
something unreal about this waiting out here on a deserted sea.
it'll be real enough if that pig-boat puts a fish in us.
if he weren't so bullheaded about coming back on course 140, he could have kissed us goodbye a long time ago, that's all i know.
i have no idea what he is, or what he thinks.
we're at a disadvantage because he can turn sharper than we can.
we can shake him up, but a death blow'd be pure luck.
if we run out of depth charges, the offensive will be theirs, and we'd have to break contact to get away from his torpedoes.
but we can't follow him and wait for our ships to join us because we might get pulled into a trap with a german raider before they get here.
after they see what we're doing, they might prefer to surrender, or at least shoot it out.
i want you all to get as much rest as you can.
stand easy at your stations, but be ready every time we lunge.
it's going to be a long, dull job, but it's a damn sight worse for the germans.
each time he has attacked, we have turned off to port or starboard to avoid the attack.
he drops his water bombs and runs on for 300 or 400 meters, and then turns, to fall back on our stern.
stop your engines, but be ready to give me all the power you have the instant i ask for it.
mr ware, get a party and light some fires on deck.
in the middle of an ocean, right in the middle of a war.
you had to come a long way to find it, didn't you, doc?
we're getting the tail end of a storm in the midwatch.
- a man can't plan much ahead at all, can he?
he'll still get more rest here than he would if he were in a feather bed.
now, me, i'd like something to happen once in a while.
we're about to lose radar contact at the rate we're going.
reduce speed to speed of target and get on its tail.
if it is an enemy ship, our signal may be on his oscillator and he's trying to feel us out-make a couple of turns, see if we change position.
if we can hold an unchanging position behind him, he may mistake us for a ghost echo on these heavy seas.
we will breakfast early, and go to battle stations at 0530.
don't be surprised if we tangle with a pig-boat a little after dawn.
and now... now i look in the periscope and it gives me the distance and the speed.
i pass this information to the attack table, and the machinery turns and the lights flash, and we get the answer.
something unreal about this waiting out here on a deserted sea.
it'll be real enough if that pig-boat puts a fish in us.
if he weren't so bull-headed about coming back on course 140, he could have kissed us goodbye a long time ago, that's all i know.
i have no idea what he is, or what he thinks.
the u-boat can stay underwater for another 24 hours if he wants to.
if we run out of depth charges, the offensive will be theirs, and we'd have to break contact to get away from his torpedoes.
but we just can't follow him and wait for our ships to join us because we might get pulled into a trap with a german raider before they get here.
what we're going to do is to fight sort of a delaying action.
being inside a submarine under attack is the worst experience you can imagine.
after they see what we're doing, they might prefer to surrender, or at least shoot it out.
i want you all to get as much rest as you can.
stand easy at your stations, but be ready every time we lunge.
each time he has attacked, we have turned off to port or starboard to avoid the attack.
he drops his water bombs and runs on for 300 or 400 metres, and then turns, to fall back on our stern.
stop your engines, but be ready to give me all the power you have the instant i ask for it.
mr ware, get a party and light some fires on deck.
und nach einem leben voll treu und pflichterfüllung in sein himmlisches vaterhaus aufzunehmen,
ist es unsere traurige pflicht, den geliebten kameraden hier auf hoher see den wogen des meers zu übergeben.
i don't see why they didn't move ware up, he's been exec long enough.
mackeson, the only craft i ever commanded was a yawl in the miami yacht races.
now, me, i'd like something to happen once in a while.
if the navy ever gets a load of this crew in battle, they'll send us back to boot camp.
it's got some power, but it's too small a spook to be a heavy vessel.
it might be a fishing smack or... well, it might be the conning tower of a sub, sir.
if it is an enemy ship, our signal may be on his oscillator and he's trying to feel us out-make a couple of turns, see if we change position.
if we can hold an unchanging position behind him, he may mistake us for a ghost echo on these heavy seas.
we will breakfast early, and go to battle stations at 0530.
don't be surprised if we tangle with a pig-boat a little after dawn.
and now... now i look in the periscope and it gives me the distance and the speed.
i pass this information to the attack table, and the machinery turns and the lights flash, and we get the answer.
i'll give him five minutes to get to emergency depth, three to come up to periscope depth, another two minutes to get us in his sights.
if he's any kind of a captain, he'll spit the fish out ten minutes from now.
how do you suppose the captain knew when to turn this old tub?
because he's the captain, and that's the reason he is and you ain't.
the u-boat can stay underwater for another 24 hours if he wants to.
if we run out of depth charges, the offensive will be theirs, and we'd have to break contact to get away from his torpedoes.
but we just can't follow him and wait for our ships to join us because we might get pulled into a trap with a german raider before they get here.
what we're going to do is to fight sort of a delaying action.
being inside a submarine under attack is the worst experience you can imagine.
after they see what we're doing, they might prefer to surrender, or at least shoot it out.
i want you all to get as much rest as you can.
stand easy at your stations, but be ready every time we lunge.
each time he has attacked, we have turned off to port or starboard to avoid the attack.
he drops his water bombs and runs on for 300 or 400 metres, and then turns, to fall back on our stern.
stop your engines, but be ready to give me all the power you have the instant i ask for it.
mr ware, get a party and light some fires on deck.
und nach einem leben voll treu und pflichterfüllung in sein himmlisches vaterhaus aufzunehmen,
ist es unsere traurige pflicht, den geliebten kameraden hier auf hoher see den wogen des meers zu übergeben.
i don't see why they didn't move ware up, he's been exec long enough.
mackeson, the only craft i ever commanded was a yawl in the miami yacht races.
now, me, i'd like something to happen once in a while.
if the navy ever gets a load of this crew in battle, they'll send us back to boot camp.
it's got some power, but it's too small a spook to be a heavy vessel.
it might be a fishing smack or... well, it might be the conning tower of a sub, sir.
if it is an enemy ship, our signal may be on his oscillator and he's trying to feel us out-make a couple of turns, see if we change position.
if we can hold an unchanging position behind him, he may mistake us for a ghost echo on these heavy seas.
we will breakfast early, and go to battle stations at 0530.
don't be surprised if we tangle with a pig-boat a little after dawn.
and now... now i look in the periscope and it gives me the distance and the speed.
i pass this information to the attack table, and the machinery turns and the lights flash, and we get the answer.
i'll give him five minutes to get to emergency depth, three to come up to periscope depth, another two minutes to get us in his sights.
if he's any kind of a captain, he'll spit the fish out ten minutes from now.
how do you suppose the captain knew when to turn this old tub?
because he's the captain, and that's the reason he is and you ain't.
the u-boat can stay underwater for another 24 hours if he wants to.
if we run out of depth charges, the offensive will be theirs, and we'd have to break contact to get away from his torpedoes.
but we just can't follow him and wait for our ships to join us because we might get pulled into a trap with a german raider before they get here.
what we're going to do is to fight sort of a delaying action.
being inside a submarine under attack is the worst experience you can imagine.
after they see what we're doing, they might prefer to surrender, or at least shoot it out.
i want you all to get as much rest as you can.
stand easy at your stations, but be ready every time we lunge.
each time he has attacked, we have turned off to port or starboard to avoid the attack.
he drops his water bombs and runs on for 300 or 400 metres, and then turns, to fall back on our stern.
stop your engines, but be ready to give me all the power you have the instant i ask for it.
mr ware, get a party and light some fires on deck.
nachdem es gott, dem allmächtigen, nach seinem unerforschlichen ratschluss gefallen hat, unseren kameraden heini schwaffer für sein vaterland sterben zu lassen
und nach einem leben voll treu und pflichterfüllung in sein himmlisches vaterhaus aufzunehmen,
in the middle of an ocean, right in the middle of a war.
you had to come a long way to find it, didn't you, doc?
the u-boat can stay underwater for another 24 hours if he wants to.
if we run out of depth charges, the offensive will be theirs, and we'd have to break contact to get away from his torpedoes.
but we just can't follow him and wait for our ships to join us because we might get pulled into a trap with a german raider before they get here.
what we're going to do is to fight sort of a delaying action.
being inside a submarine under attack is the worst experience you can imagine.
after they see what we're doing, they might prefer to surrender, or at least shoot it out.
i want you all to get as much rest as you can.
stand easy at your stations, but be ready every time we lunge.
each time he has attacked, we have turned off to port or starboard to avoid the attack.
he drops his water bombs and runs on for 300 or 400 metres, and then turns, to fall back on our stern.
stop your engines, but be ready to give me all the power you have the instant i ask for it.
mr ware, get a party and light some fires on deck.
nachdem es gott, dem allmächtigen, nach seinem unerforschlichen ratschluss gefallen hat, unseren kameraden heini schwaffer für sein vaterland sterben zu lassen
und nach einem leben voll treu und pflichterfüllung in sein himmlisches vaterhaus aufzunehmen,
in the middle of an ocean, right in the middle of a war.
you had to come a long way to find it, didn't you, doc?
we're getting the tail end of a storm in the midwatch.
- a man can't plan much ahead at all, can he?
he'll still get more rest here than he would if he were in a feather bed.
now, me, i'd like something to happen once in a while.
we're about to lose radar contact at the rate we're going.
reduce speed to speed of target and get on its tail.
we're going to try to stay on his tail until morning.
we will breakfast early, and go to battle stations at 0530.
don't be surprised if we tangle with a pig-boat a little after dawn.
do your jobs efficiently and we'll chalk one up for the "haynes".
and if it did, we were most lucky to hit something.
and now... now i look in the periscope and it gives me the distance and the speed.
i pass this information to the attack table, and the machinery turns and the lights flash, and we get the answer.
the torpedo runs to its target, and there's no human error in this.
well, in time we'll all get back to our own stuff again.
the war'll get swallowed up and seem like it never happened.
i suppose there is some reason to lose hope, but... you know, i reject it.
i have a family, and i want something better for them than war, and i think it's possible.
we'll get you flown stateside as soon as we put back into trinidad.
you'll be back in your civvy job in no time at all.
something unreal about this waiting out here on a deserted sea.
it'll be real enough if that pig-boat puts a fish in us.
if he weren't so bull-headed about coming back on course 140, he could have kissed us goodbye a long time ago, that's all i know.
i have no idea what he is, or what he thinks.
we're at a disadvantage because he can turn sharper than we can.
we can shake him up, but a death blow'd be pure luck.
if we run out of depth charges, the offensive will be theirs, and we'd have to break contact to get away from his torpedoes.
but we just can't follow him and wait for our ships to join us because we might get pulled into a trap with a german raider before they get here.
after they see what we're doing, they might prefer to surrender, or at least shoot it out.
i want you all to get as much rest as you can.
stand easy at your stations, but be ready every time we lunge.
it's going to be a long, dull job, but it's a damn sight worse for the germans.
# fill up the flowing steins again with foam on every lip
# we'll give a skol and shout "jawohl!" in lasting fellowship
# to you, my friend, and you, my friend, and all of us together
# here's a toast to life and to laughter and song
# good beer, my friend, good cheer, my friend, through every kind of weather
# make the welkin ring as we sing loud and strong
# fill up the flowing steins again with foam on every lip
# we'll give a skol and shout "jawohl!" in lasting fellowship
he drops his water bombs and runs on for 300 or 400 metres, and then turns, to fall back on our stern.
he doesn't always turn the same way, but twice he did, to run parallel with our course for a very few minutes.
i am hoping that playing dead and the fire will bring the enemy to the surface.
except for securing crew and the gun crew of mount 31, i want you all to abandon ship.
und nach einem leben voll treu und pflichterfüllung in sein himmlisches vaterhaus aufzunehmen,
ist es unsere traurige pflicht, den geliebten kameraden hier auf hoher see den wogen des meers zu übergeben.
i don't see why they didn't move ware up, he's been exec long enough.
mackeson, the only craft i ever commanded was a yawl in the miami yacht races.
he'll still get more rest here than he would if he were in a feather bed.
now, me, i'd like something to happen once in a while.
we're about to lose radar contact at the rate we're going.
reduce speed to speed of target and get on its tail.
if this is an enemy ship, our signal may be on his oscillator and he's trying to feel us out - make a couple of turns, see if we change position.
if we can hold an unchanging position behind him, he may mistake us for a ghost echo on these heavy seas.
we will breakfast early, and go to battle stations at 0530.
don't be surprised if we tangle with a pig-boat a little after dawn.
and now i look in the periscope and it gives me the distance and the speed.
i pass this information to the attack table, and the machinery turns and the lights flash, and we get the answer.
i'll give him five minutes to get to emergency depth, three to come up to periscope depth, another two minutes to get us in his sights.
if he's any kind of a captain, he'll spit the fish out ten minutes from now.
we'll get you flown stateside as soon as we put back into trinidad.
you'll be back in your civvy job in no time at all.
something unreal about this waiting out here on a deserted sea.
it'll be real enough if that pig-boat puts a fish in us.
if he weren't so bullheaded about coming back on course 140, he could have kissed us goodbye a long time ago, that's all i know.
i have no idea what he is, or what he thinks.
we're at a disadvantage because he can turn sharper than we can.
we can shake him up, but a death blow'd be pure luck.
if we run out of depth charges, the offensive will be theirs, and we'd have to break contact to get away from his torpedoes.
but we can't follow him and wait for our ships to join us because we might get pulled into a trap with a german raider before they get here.
after they see what we're doing, they might prefer to surrender, or at least shoot it out.
i want you all to get as much rest as you can.
stand easy at your stations, but be ready every time we lunge.
it's going to be a long, dull job, but it's a damn sight worse for the germans.
each time he has attacked, we have turned off to port or starboard to avoid the attack.
he drops his water bombs and runs on for 300 or 400 meters, and then turns, to fall back on our stern.
stop your engines, but be ready to give me all the power you have the instant i ask for it.
mr. ware, get a party and light some fires on deck.
in the middle of an ocean, right in the middle of a war.
you had to come a long way to find it, didn't you, doc?
i don't see why they didn't move ware up, he's been exec long enough.
mackeson, the only craft i ever commanded was a yawl in the miami yacht races.
now, me, i'd like something to happen once in a while.
if the navy ever gets a load of this crew in battle, they'll send us back to boot camp.
it's got some power, but it's too small a spook to be a heavy vessel.
it might be a fishing smack, or it might be the conning tower of a sub, sir.
we're going to try to stay on his tail until morning.
we will breakfast early, and go to battle stations at 0530.
don't be surprised if we tangle with a pig-boat a little after dawn.
do your jobs efficiently and we'll chalk one up for the haynes.
and if it did, we were most lucky to hit something.
and now i look in the periscope and it gives me the distance and the speed.
i pass this information to the attack table, and the machinery turns and the lights flash, and we get the answer.
the torpedo runs to its target, and there's no human error in this.
well, in time we'll all get back to our own stuff again.
the war'll get swallowed up and seem like it never happened.
i suppose there is some reason to lose hope, but i reject it.
i have a family, and i want something better for them than war, and i think it's possible.
how do you suppose the captain knew when to turn this old tub?
because he's the captain, and that's the reason he is and you ain't.
i was reminded of "the ancient mariner." it rather fits us right now.
something unreal about this waiting out here on a deserted sea.
the u-boat can stay underwater for another 24 hours if he wants to.
if we run out of depth charges, the offensive will be theirs, and we'd have to break contact to get away from his torpedoes.
but we can't follow him and wait for our ships to join us because we might get pulled into a trap with a german raider before they get here.
what we're going to do is to fight a delaying action.
being inside a submarine under attack is the worst experience you can imagine.
after they see what we're doing, they might prefer to surrender, or at least shoot it out.
i want you all to get as much rest as you can.
stand easy at your stations, but be ready every time we lunge.
he drops his water bombs and runs on for 300 or 400 meters, and then turns, to fall back on our stern.
he doesn't always turn the same way, but twice he did, to run parallel with our course for a very few minutes.
stop your engines, but be ready to give me all the power you have the instant i ask for it.
mr. ware, get a party and light some fires on deck.
in the middle of an ocean, right in the middle of a war.
you had to come a long way to find it, didn't you, doc?
i don't see why they didn't move ware up, he's been exec long enough.
mackeson, the only craft i ever commanded was a yawl in the miami yacht races.
he'll still get more rest here than he would if he were in a feather bed.
now, me, i'd like something to happen once in a while.
we're about to lose radar contact at the rate we're going.
reduce speed to speed of target and get on its tail.
if this is an enemy ship, our signal may be on his oscillator and he's trying to feel us out- make a couple of turns, see if we change position.
if we can hold an unchanging position behind him, he may mistake us for a ghost echo on these heavy seas.
we will breakfast early, and go to battle stations at 0530.
don't be surprised if we tangle with a pig-boat a little after dawn.
and now i look in the periscope and it gives me the distance and the speed.
i pass this information to the attack table, and the machinery turns and the lights flash, and we get the answer.
i'll give him five minutes to get to emergency depth, three to come up to periscope depth, another two minutes to get us in his sights.
if he's any kind of a captain, he'll spit the fish out ten minutes from now.
we'll get you flown stateside as soon as we put back into trinidad.
you'll be back in your civvyjob in no time at all.
something unreal about this waiting out here on a deserted sea.
it'll be real enough if that pig-boat puts a fish in us.
if he weren't so bullheaded about coming back on course 140, he could have kissed us goodbye a long time ago, that's all i know.
i have no idea what he is, or what he thinks.
we're at a disadvantage because he can turn sharper than we can.
we can shake him up, but a death blow'd be pure luck.
if we run out of depth charges, the offensive will be theirs, and we'd have to break contact to get away from his torpedoes.
but we can't follow him and wait for our ships to join us because we might get pulled into a trap with a german raider before they get here.
after they see what we're doing, they might prefer to surrender, or at least shoot it out.
i want you all to get as much rest as you can.
stand easy at your stations, but be ready every time we lunge.
it's going to be a long, dull job, but it's a damn sight worse for the germans.
each time he has attacked, we have turned off to port or starboard to avoid the attack.
he drops his water bombs and runs on for 300 or 400 meters, and then turns, to fall back on our stern.
stop your engines, but be ready to give me all the power you have the instant i ask for it.
mr. ware, get a party and light some fires on deck.
in the middle of an ocean, right in the middle of a war.
you had to come a long way to find it, didn't you, doc?
we're getting the tail end of a storm in the midwatch.
- a man can't plan much ahead at all, can he?
he'll still get more rest here than he would if he were in a feather bed.
now, me, i'd like something to happen once in a while.
we're about to lose radar contact at the rate we're going.
reduce speed to speed of target and get on its tail.
if it is an enemy ship, our signal may be on his oscillator and he's trying to feel us out-make a couple of turns, see if we change position.
if we can hold an unchanging position behind him, he may mistake us for a ghost echo on these heavy seas.
we will breakfast early, and go to battle stations at 0530.
don't be surprised if we tangle with a pig-boat a little after dawn.
and now... now i look in the periscope and it gives me the distance and the speed.
i pass this information to the attack table, and the machinery turns and the lights flash, and we get the answer.
something unreal about this waiting out here on a deserted sea.
it'll be real enough if that pig-boat puts a fish in us.
if he weren't so bull-headed about coming back on course 140, he could have kissed us goodbye a long time ago, that's all i know.
i have no idea what he is, or what he thinks.
the u-boat can stay underwater for another 24 hours if he wants to.
if we run out of depth charges, the offensive will be theirs, and we'd have to break contact to get away from his torpedoes.
but we just can't follow him and wait for our ships to join us because we might get pulled into a trap with a german raider before they get here.
what we're going to do is to fight sort of a delaying action.
being inside a submarine under attack is the worst experience you can imagine.
after they see what we're doing, they might prefer to surrender, or at least shoot it out.
i want you all to get as much rest as you can.
stand easy at your stations, but be ready every time we lunge.
each time he has attacked, we have turned off to port or starboard to avoid the attack.
he drops his water bombs and runs on for 300 or 400 metres, and then turns, to fall back on our stern.
stop your engines, but be ready to give me all the power you have the instant i ask for it.
mr ware, get a party and light some fires on deck.
und nach einem leben voll treu und pflichterfüllung in sein himmlisches vaterhaus aufzunehmen,
ist es unsere traurige pflicht, den geliebten kameraden hier auf hoher see den wogen des meers zu übergeben.
you got an operation at eight o'clock,you won't get any sleep
i'm used to that event, you're to know it by now
he's never been away as long since without calling me first never missed an operation before
maybe he had to stay with a patient a long time,and there is no phone
i know the man pretty well, maybe i'll be able to persuade him
calling mr logan,will mr logan please come to the information desk
england is a very lovely country it's a kind a hard to leave with pretty girls like you around
so will you give my regards to the pilot and tell him not to wait for me?
a doctor,does he take trips, is he often out of town?
not particularly,we go on our holiday to the continent or attend a medical congress
there is nothing more for us to do until they are through with the job
i'd better get back to mrs manning, you want to come along?
i am sorry mum,i tried,kidnappimg is not a very private affair
but it might spoil everything it's been more than 24 hours since i got that note and nothing since then
are you sure mrs manning your husband did know the person who phoned?
no,i heard george, ask him why didn't he call his own doctor
i'm against any trick,mr logan,these men are probably desperate but how can we
i understand,mrs manning,but after you get your husband back we want the kidnapper
there is a girl out here,mr logan who says she saw dr manning that night he disappeared
she maybe be one of those crazy people,but you never know
i mean,sure,i got a look at the one who wasn't driving
his head was kind of nodding like he was half a sleep or something
that the fellow was having a smoke while waiting for manning
the lab boys can have a go at this see if it matches up with the tobacco with regard to the ransom note
with the jimmy made his way in here and unlocked the door
yeah,met the doctor at the street door brought him in here,stunned him and dragged him out to the car
i am not interested in that man,inspector, i'm interested in my husband
if we let these men get away with it,it could start a whole flurry of kidnappings
i don't think there will be any welcome mat out there for us
we won't try to get into the house, we'll be in the truck
it says right here five thousands a letter like this come to freddies and mary doesn't believe it when i tell her
i'm mrs manning i believe you have a letter for me
we are fine thanks,but bob i want a favour,a great favour
and you're the one man who can do it for me
i want you to know that all our sympathy and that of the viewers is with you
but please tell me when did you first realize that your husband had been kidnapped?
you met him twice ,in the cemetery and in the car
now we have a lot more evidence at this start we got a pretty close picture what he is like
look,fred, when you seen a man once that's how i often see most of them,i never forget him
say,vera,how do you like to have your pictures in the papers?
come on right in,dearie, just you make yourself at home while i slip into something less formal
you'll find a bottle and the glasses over there,help yourself to have a drink
this one,the one that killed him at the spot where the body was found
on the slant of that blow in that position on the scar
i'd say that's more than a guess, we found some evidence
those are some particles of mortal dust,we found in the wound
here is some more of the same hairs in a solution of caustic potash
on the length of time it takes the hair roots to disolve we can tell a person's age
last night when i closed them counting the money in the till
a god day a count,bad day i lock up and go upstairs
knocked down by car driven by dr george manning,a harley street doctor
i remember this case,nick,six years ago ,woman walks straight into the car
you've got soft spot in your heart, just like your mother.
she could always see some good in people no matter what they'd done.
hey, i'll never forget the first time i ever put you on a horse.
that colt butted you off three times running and you got right back on it.
that the human vessel has come home to the immortal court.
and so we consign chad burris to his final rest ..
i have to send manuel to her room to get you.
sure pa, i like her, but i think you're making too much of it.
as long as this girl is sick she can stay under my roof.
that don't change my feelings about anyone like her becoming part of this family.
listen .. no greenhorn outlaw is going to force me to step aside.
even if he's got you so scared your guts are churning inside of you.
you've got soft spot in your heart, just like your mother.
she could always see some good in people no matter what they'd done.
hey, i'll never forget the first time i ever put you on a horse.
that colt butted you off three times running and you got right back on it.
a couple of years from now martha will thank me for this.
when she doesn't have to explain to her kids why they're called dirty breeds.
why, every time i want to look for you for something ..
i have to send manuel to her room to get you.
you've got soft spot in your heart, just like your mother.
she could always see some good in people no matter what they'd done.
hey, i'll never forget the first time i ever put you on a horse.
that colt butted you off three times running and you got right back on it.
that the human vessel has come home to the immortal court.
and so we consign chad burris to his final rest ..
i have to send manuel to her room to get you.
sure pa, i like her, but i think you're making too much of it.
as long as this girl is sick she can stay under my roof.
that don't change my feelings about anyone like her becoming part of this family.
listen .. no greenhorn outlaw is going to force me to step aside.
even if he's got you so scared your guts are churning inside of you.
getting so i cock a hammer for near no reason at all.
now mind you, don't let him drink too much of that, jeff, warm like he is.
ain't a fit life being stuck off in the middle of nowhere.
all the time by yourself knowing nobody but stage drivers and shotguns.
but if i get too lonely, hank, i can always talk to my stock.
well, when they start talking back to you, just remember what i told you.
you know, they're laying tracks over yonder faster than a nervous hen.
they're going to be in bisbee, them rails, in about a month.
i was sitting down there talking to a fella the other day.
he says it won't be long, you'll get on one of them trains and just go lunkedy-plunk all the way to tucson without even stopping once.
- rintoon, when i pay for a coach, i expect the service that goes with it.
you ain't half right, willard, seeing that you ain't the one that's paying.
i figured you'd want to keep the few customers you got, rintoon.
i can do without his kind, if it was up to me.
it just ain't right, the best ramrod in this territory throwing hisself away like you are.
nobody can take hold of a ranch the way you can, pat.
well, i'm keeping that in a safe place for you, patrick.
it's yours when you make up your mind to come back to work.
you know, after 20 years as a top muleskinner, that company's gonna be sorry to see me go.
you won't be so sure of yourself when we get to bisbee.
and she could do something about her clothes to let you know she's a woman.
it's no wonder she come off with a low-grade husband like she did.
then i got awful sick of him, way down deep inside.
that was some boy you was married to who would do a thing like that.
look, what he did was wrong, but you going along with it, then shooting him down, that was all right?
if you can't see the difference, i ain't going to explain it to you.
terrible things have happened these past two days, yet all i can do is think of myself.
all i can do is look at myself and feel very foolish!
and the only reason they've kept me around this long is because they thought they might've needed me in case something went wrong in contention.
no, mrs. mims, we've got until your father gets here tomorrow, that's all.
he was in a full run, i hit him smack in the middle, near tore him in two.
billy jack, you get brennan to dress down enough for supper.
i said you'll do the cooking, i'm not going to have burnt meat 'cause that lady's in a state over her husband.
you want i should take a plate in to the woman, frank?
do you know what it's like to be alone in a camp full of rough-neck miners, a father who holds a quiet hatred for you because you're not the son he's always wanted?
yes, i married willard mims because i couldn't stand being alone anymore.
he was your first and last chance as far as you were concerned, so you grabbed him.
you think nobody'll have you because you bite your lip and hang your head.
you can't always sit back and wait for something to happen.
sometimes you got to walk up and take what you want.
my retire time comes up next fall and i'm going to take it.
man shouldn't ought to be stuck off by hisself in this kind of country, pat.
still a lot of building to do, fences to run and such.
but if i get too lonely, hank, i can always talk to my stock.
i ain't doing no loading and i ain't keeping up no schedule.
you can just trot yourself right down to the company store and ask the dispatcher.
you ain't half right, willard, seeing that you ain't the one that's paying.
i figured you'd want to keep the few customers you got, rintoon.
and we're going to keep right on going over them till you come to your senses.
it just ain't right, the best ramrod in this territory throwing hisself away like you are.
like the time you gave me a chance to get them yearlings free, and ended up with 50 of my dollars?
well, i'm keeping that in a safe place for you, patrick.
it's yours when you make up your mind to come back to work.
you think a lot of that claybank of yours, don't you?
- look, you're not leaving here and you're not going to be standing here when that stage pulls in.
now you can yell and carry on, but that's the way it is.
you're going to stop on the main road to contention, one mile this side, and you're going to give that note to somebody passing in.
it tells old man gateway that you've got something important to tell him about his daughter.
billy jack's going along to bring you back, and i don't want him any place he can get cornered.
when mr. gateway comes out with the money, then you'll let us go.
that was some boy you was married to who would do a thing like that.
look, what he did was wrong, but you going along with it, then shooting him down, that was all right?
i saw him killed just now and i couldn't even feel sorry for him.
all i could do was think that he didn't love me!
but you're alive and he's dead and that makes the difference.
you can cry and moon about being a fool until they shoot you tomorrow, or you can start thinking about saving your skin.
course a good amount of 'em are nothing but hurrah gals.
but the way i look at it, a woman's a woman.
me, i never tripped a hammer on a man in my life.
i leave that to young guns like them two over there.
and by the time that he asked me to marry him,
i'd lied to myself inside for so long that i believed it was me he cared for and not the money.
even if willard did marry you for your money, at least he married you.
he was your first and last chance as far as you were concerned, so you grabbed him.
sometimes you got to walk up and take what you want.
i'll be back and when i get back, you two be ready to leave.
getting so i cock a hammer for near no reason at all.
now mind you, don't let him drink too much of that, jeff, warm like he is.
ain't a fit life being stuck off in the middle of nowhere.
all the time by yourself knowing nobody but stage drivers and shotguns.
but if i get too lonely, hank, i can always talk to my stock.
well, when they start talking back to you, just remember what i told you.
you know, they're laying tracks over yonder faster than a nervous hen.
they're going to be in bisbee, them rails, in about a month.
i was sitting down there talking to a fella the other day.
he says it won't be long, you'll get on one of them trains and just go lunkedy-plunk all the way to tucson without even stopping once.
- rintoon, when i pay for a coach, i expect the service that goes with it.
you ain't half right, willard, seeing that you ain't the one that's paying.
i figured you'd want to keep the few customers you got, rintoon.
i can do without his kind, if it was up to me.
it just ain't right, the best ramrod in this territory throwing hisself away like you are.
nobody can take hold of a ranch the way you can, pat.
like the time you gave me a chance to get them yearlings free, and ended up with 50 of my dollars?
well, i'm keeping that in a safe place for you, patrick.
it's yours when you make up your mind to come back to work.
you think a lot of that claybank of yours, don't you?
- look, you're not leaving here and you're not going to be standing here when that stage pulls in.
now you can yell and carry on, but that's the way it is.
you're going to stop on the main road to contention, one mile this side, and you're going to give that note to somebody passing in.
it tells old man gateway that you've got something important to tell him about his daughter.
billy jack's going along to bring you back, and i don't want him any place he can get cornered.
when mr. gateway comes out with the money, then you'll let us go.
then i got awful sick of him, way down deep inside.
that was some boy you was married to who would do a thing like that.
look, what he did was wrong, but you going along with it, then shooting him down, that was all right?
if you can't see the difference, i ain't going to explain it to you.
terrible things have happened these past two days, yet all i can do is think of myself.
all i can do is look at myself and feel very foolish!
and the only reason they've kept me around this long is because they thought they might've needed me in case something went wrong in contention.
no, mrs. mims, we've got until your father gets here tomorrow, that's all.
he was in a full run, i hit him smack in the middle, near tore him in two.
billy jack, you get brennan to dress down enough for supper.
i said you'll do the cooking, i'm not going to have burnt meat 'cause that lady's in a state over her husband.
you want i should take a plate in to the woman, frank?
do you know what it's like to be alone in a camp full of rough-neck miners, a father who holds a quiet hatred for you because you're not the son he's always wanted?
yes, i married willard mims because i couldn't stand being alone anymore.
he was your first and last chance as far as you were concerned, so you grabbed him.
you think nobody'll have you because you bite your lip and hang your head.
you can't always sit back and wait for something to happen.
sometimes you got to walk up and take what you want.
my retire time comes up next fall and i'm going to take it.
man shouldn't ought to be stuck off by hisself in this kind of country, pat.
still a lot of building to do, fences to run and such.
but if i get too lonely, hank, i can always talk to my stock.
i ain't doing no loading and i ain't keeping up no schedule.
you can just trot yourself right down to the company store and ask the dispatcher.
you ain't half right, willard, seeing that you ain't the one that's paying.
i figured you'd want to keep the few customers you got, rintoon.
and we're going to keep right on going over them till you come to your senses.
it just ain't right, the best ramrod in this territory throwing hisself away like you are.
like the time you gave me a chance to get them yearlings free, and ended up with 50 of my dollars?
well, i'm keeping that in a safe place for you, patrick.
it's yours when you make up your mind to come back to work.
you think a lot of that claybank of yours, don't you?
- look, you're not leaving here and you're not going to be standing here when that stage pulls in.
now you can yell and carry on, but that's the way it is.
you're going to stop on the main road to contention, one mile this side, and you're going to give that note to somebody passing in.
it tells old man gateway that you've got something important to tell him about his daughter.
billy jack's going along to bring you back, and i don't want him any place he can get cornered.
when mr. gateway comes out with the money, then you'll let us go.
that was some boy you was married to who would do a thing like that.
look, what he did was wrong, but you going along with it, then shooting him down, that was all right?
i saw him killed just now and i couldn't even feel sorry for him.
all i could do was think that he didn't love me!
but you're alive and he's dead and that makes the difference.
you can cry and moon about being a fool until they shoot you tomorrow, or you can start thinking about saving your skin.
course a good amount of 'em are nothing but hurrah gals.
but the way i look at it, a woman's a woman.
me, i never tripped a hammer on a man in my life.
i leave that to young guns like them two over there.
and by the time that he asked me to marry him,
i'd lied to myself inside for so long that i believed it was me he cared for and not the money.
even if willard did marry you for your money, at least he married you.
he was your first and last chance as far as you were concerned, so you grabbed him.
sometimes you got to walk up and take what you want.
i'll be back and when i get back, you two be ready to leave.
my retire time comes up next fall and i'm going to take it.
man shouldn't ought to be stuck off by hisself in this kind of country, pat.
still a lot of building to do, fences to run and such.
but if i get too lonely, hank, i can always talk to my stock.
i ain't doing no loading and i ain't keeping up no schedule.
you can just trot yourself right down to the company store and ask the dispatcher.
you ain't half right, willard, seeing that you ain't the one that's paying.
i figured you'd want to keep the few customers you got, rintoon.
and we're going to keep right on going over them till you come to your senses.
it just ain't right, the best ramrod in this territory throwing hisself away like you are.
like the time you gave me a chance to get them yearlings free, and ended up with 50 of my dollars?
well, i'm keeping that in a safe place for you, patrick.
it's yours when you make up your mind to come back to work.
you think a lot of that claybank of yours, don't you?
- look, you're not leaving here and you're not going to be standing here when that stage pulls in.
now you can yell and carry on, but that's the way it is.
you're going to stop on the main road to contention, one mile this side, and you're going to give that note to somebody passing in.
it tells old man gateway that you've got something important to tell him about his daughter.
billy jack's going along to bring you back, and i don't want him any place he can get cornered.
when mr. gateway comes out with the money, then you'll let us go.
that was some boy you was married to who would do a thing like that.
look, what he did was wrong, but you going along with it, then shooting him down, that was all right?
i saw him killed just now and i couldn't even feel sorry for him.
all i could do was think that he didn't love me!
but you're alive and he's dead and that makes the difference.
you can cry and moon about being a fool until they shoot you tomorrow, or you can start thinking about saving your skin.
course a good amount of 'em are nothing but hurrah gals.
but the way i look at it, a woman's a woman.
me, i never tripped a hammer on a man in my life.
i leave that to young guns like them two over there.
and by the time that he asked me to marry him,
i'd lied to myself inside for so long that i believed it was me he cared for and not the money.
even if willard did marry you for your money, at least he married you.
he was your first and last chance as far as you were concerned, so you grabbed him.
sometimes you got to walk up and take what you want.
i'll be back and when i get back, you two be ready to leave.
getting so i cock a hammer for near no reason at all.
now mind you, don't let him drink too much of that, jeff, warm like he is.
ain't a fit life being stuck off in the middle of nowhere.
all the time by yourself knowing nobody but stage drivers and shotguns.
but if i get too lonely, hank, i can always talk to my stock.
well, when they start talking back to you, just remember what i told you.
you know, they're laying tracks over yonder faster than a nervous hen.
they're going to be in bisbee, them rails, in about a month.
i was sitting down there talking to a fella the other day.
he says it won't be long, you'll get on one of them trains and just go lunkedy-plunk all the way to tucson without even stopping once.
- rintoon, when i pay for a coach, i expect the service that goes with it.
you ain't half right, willard, seeing that you ain't the one that's paying.
i figured you'd want to keep the few customers you got, rintoon.
i can do without his kind, if it was up to me.
it just ain't right, the best ramrod in this territory throwing hisself away like you are.
nobody can take hold of a ranch the way you can, pat.
well, i'm keeping that in a safe place for you, patrick.
it's yours when you make up your mind to come back to work.
you know, after 20 years as a top muleskinner, that company's gonna be sorry to see me go.
you won't be so sure of yourself when we get to bisbee.
and she could do something about her clothes to let you know she's a woman.
it's no wonder she come off with a low-grade husband like she did.
then i got awful sick of him, way down deep inside.
that was some boy you was married to who would do a thing like that.
look, what he did was wrong, but you going along with it, then shooting him down, that was all right?
if you can't see the difference, i ain't going to explain it to you.
terrible things have happened these past two days, yet all i can do is think of myself.
all i can do is look at myself and feel very foolish!
and the only reason they've kept me around this long is because they thought they might've needed me in case something went wrong in contention.
no, mrs. mims, we've got until your father gets here tomorrow, that's all.
he was in a full run, i hit him smack in the middle, near tore him in two.
billy jack, you get brennan to dress down enough for supper.
i said you'll do the cooking, i'm not going to have burnt meat 'cause that lady's in a state over her husband.
you want i should take a plate in to the woman, frank?
do you know what it's like to be alone in a camp full of rough-neck miners, a father who holds a quiet hatred for you because you're not the son he's always wanted?
yes, i married willard mims because i couldn't stand being alone anymore.
he was your first and last chance as far as you were concerned, so you grabbed him.
you think nobody'll have you because you bite your lip and hang your head.
you can't always sit back and wait for something to happen.
sometimes you got to walk up and take what you want.
our truck is wreck and with the load we get, we can't make it.
if we had this jeep, we could get where we're needed.
ackerman, all i'm trying to do is keep one man alive... just one.
to get through and report how the rest of us got it.
our truck is wreck and with the load we get, we can't make it.
if we had this jeep, we could get where we're needed.
if i don't get the colonel to the hospital, he'll die.
you want me to shoot you, is that what you want?
it seems we took a beating yesterday the other side of the naktong river... they murdered us with their regiment of tanks.
the whole division retreated before we got here on the flanks.
ackerman, all i'm trying to do is keep one man alive...just one.
to get through and report how the rest of us got it.
if you have to be a hero, and get decorated... you gonna need a witness.
if we gonna do anything, now is the time to do it.
except i can't figure out whether i wanna be a concert pianist or a prima ballerina.
well, why don't you settle for being a cook, right now?
say, as a matter of fact, these are probably the ones right here.
they're supposed to induce these primitive instincts by draining the blood in the brain temporarily.
oh, well, i'd like to stay here and watch you work, would you mind?
it would seem the synapse leading to the portions of the brain affected suffered permanent injury in some cases, destructive process unknown.
well, i'll get this sample over to the lab right away.
doc, how long before they give you the results of the autopsy?
yes, i know i shouldn't ask this, but, well, i haven't been myself lately.
you were right last night when you said that something had happened to me.
now, i know about men, and i know what you're feeling is nothing more than an emotional state probably brought on, at least abetted, by these confounded pills.
will, you told me yourself, these pills were from vampire bats.
how could somebody build up something like that in their body?
maybe an answer to that as soon as the university isolates the virus.
i don't know, but, paul, after all, the animals are dead except the bats, so we got to find out why.
oh, well, i'd like to stay here and watch you work, would you mind?
there's a slight contusion on the head that could be the cause of death, but i doubt it.
well, the autopsy surgeon will be able to tell us more.
well, i'll get this sample over to the lab right away.
doc, how long before they give you the results of the autopsy?
- well, it seems that this-- this maniac extracts a small amount of blood from his victims' throats.
and then because he carries the disease virus in his saliva, he transmits it to them.
there was one common factor in all the animals dissected, an almost complete cell deterioration.
however, in trying to break it down into cause and effect, once again we come against that unknown factor, the origin of the virus.
bits and pieces of the universe, piercing our atmosphere in an invasion that never ends.
meteors, the shooting stars on which so many earthly wishes have been born.
most of these fall into the water, which covers two-thirds of our world.
but from time to time, from the beginning of time, a very few meteors have struck the crust of the earth and formed craters.
craters of all sizes, sought after and poured over by scientists of all nations for the priceless knowledge buried within them.
in every moment of every day, they come, from planets belonging to stars whose dying light is too far away to be seen.
now, that ocean knew that the middle of the desert was a pretty silly place for it to be, so it just dried up and went away.
but if it hadn't been there once, there wouldn't be a salt mine out there now.
now, i ask you, what good is a newspaperman in a place like this, when nothing ever happens worth writing about?
say, maybe i ought to be a geologist like you and dave, huh?
at first i thought it could have been scleroderma, an extreme hardening of the skin.
but his entire body, organs, skin, muscle tissue, everything, he's been welded into a solid mass.
with the exception of a trace of iron phosphate, not enough to mention, they're all silicates.
chert, feldspar, pyroxene, almost all of the olivine group, flint, almost solid silica.
ordinary silica, the most common material you can find, and yet everywhere this stuff goes, somebody dies.
the trouble is, we don't even know who else might have picked up a piece of it.
find someone who can make a fast trip to los angeles
i want to get ginny to the california medical research institute.
all i want to know is how to keep it from multiplying.
it's killed or injured everyone who's come in contact with it, and that kid's gonna die if we don't give them an answer!
it's a trace element, like iron, copper, aluminum, only there's much less of it.
doctor, if the silicon content in a person were suddenly to disappear?
what could he have done in the laboratory that ginny could also have done at home?
what would a little girl do with a rock souvenir she picked up in the desert?
i have an idea there may be something in that formula you used on ginny that would help us here.
her reaction resulted from contact with the rock, so why not suppose that the same agent is capable of controlling the rocks?
and i can be there with a portable unit long before that.
and anyway, dr. reynolds, i'd like to be present, if you don't mind.
this is gonna be the most important delivery in the sentinel's history, to say nothing of the biggest circulation-getter.
and because of it, i'm gonna lose every paying customer i've got.
the governor has declared that a state of emergency exists in the area surrounding the doomed town.
the highway patrol has issued a warning to all motorists other than the evacuees to stay off the roads leading into san angelo.
yeah, without a continuing rainfall, at least the growth's been retarded.
it looks like it's taken about 10 minutes for each cycle.
but i think we can cut them off here before they reach town.
that'd be like trying to stop a forest fire with a traffic signal.
the natural slope of the valley floor is bringing them right down here.
now, if we could lay a swath of salt right here, making it as wide as the monoliths are tall, then, when they fell and shattered, they'd just pile up, keeping them inside the canyon.
if we had to have a misplaced ocean, why couldn't it have dried up and left its salt here where we need it, in the first place?
even if it were there, it couldn't keep the monoliths from breaking out of the valley eventually.
when they pile up sufficiently, some of them are bound to go around it.
why, they'll go crashing through that irrigation dam like it wasn't there.
and with the flood waters to feed them, they'll march right on through the reservoir canyon and out into the citrus area.
and once they break through to the other side of the mountains, there'll be no stopping them ever.
if the monoliths get to the water behind the dam, they'll feed on it.
but if we could drain that reservoir first, that same water will stop them.
after it floods through the dry lake, it'll be salt water, which will deactivate them completely.
dave, i don't think the flood gates will release the water fast enough.
one word on that car radio, and 6 million bucks worth of dam goes sky high.
david, from our calculations, we know it takes at least a 3º/º salt solution to be effective against monoliths.
the important thing right now is to get out to the edge of town where we can see something.
chief, will you have the patrol car stick close to us?
then we've got to let them reach the wash, and wait till they're growing right in the middle of it.
kind of like waiting till you see the whites of their eyes.
but once an employee was brought in for questioning, he confessed to everything.
fortunately, the three hundred players who hadn't escaped sao had no memory of the experiments performed on them.
and five or six other vrmmos weren't expected to survive, either.
hey, come to think of it, what happened to the commander?
i took the world seed kayaba had given me to agil, and i asked him to analyze it.
i learned that the world seed was a program package that ran a full-dive mmo called the seed, made by kayaba.
in essence, anyone with access to a good enough server could download the seed and create their own online world.
i asked agil to upload it to servers across the world for anyone to use.
alo has a new company running it, and you can use your sao avatars now.
why didn't you go back to your old avatar like the others did?
he just got back from a business trip and he's just exhausted.
i got to worrying about your phone call earlier this evening.
it would help immeasurably if her husband could be here with her.
the police are looking for him as a material witness, but he seems to have dropped from sight.
six of those paper cups should have been in that box or somewhere in the apartment.
the person that put the phone back on the hook must have taken them.
don't you see, the same person who killed lynk sent you those poisoned chocolates.
sooner you go to the authorities, tell them what you know, the sooner the killer will be put out of action.
she knew it would take us at least half an hour to run her down.
and that gave her enough time to kill lynk, get back home and pass out like a lady.
if you're so all-fired efficient, how come you're out here looking for a job?
i consider sleeptite pajamas a quality product, mr. hasler something i'd be proud to be connected with.
you don't seem to have made a good impression on the new superintendent.
he ain't got no right to shove me around, especially on my weak arm.
say, i'm sure he can cut most any man down to size
he must be as fierce as a tiger when he's mad
and i'll bet he cries like a little boy when he's sad
but i'm not at all in love not at all in love, not i
picture this, you've nothin ' to do so you drop in to chat for a while
there i am with nothin ' to do so i drop in to chat for a while
something's up, the window is open and gladys is forcing ' a smile
somethin's up, the window is open and gladys is forcing ' a smile
as a matter of fact, we have been fighting a duel.
every time i come on your floor i try to get you to look at me, but i always lose.
so them that don't care for beans can go heavy on the salad and vice versa.
i can never remember a time when competition was so ruthless dealers so cantankerous, costs outrageous and profit margins sunk so low.
i feel like hopping ' up and down like a kangaroo
jumpin ' fences, climbing ' trees what pleases me is what i'll do
this is a nice show you're putting on here, but i don't like it.
my job's to turn out goods and that's what we're gonna do.
now before we break up, we're gonna have a little entertainment and i hope you're gonna show a special courtesy tonight.
a couple of the cutting room boys is got up an act with gladys hotchkiss who is from the front office.
and if these good folk is good enough to come down here and do this act for us why, the least you can do is not to sneak out the back way like last time.
the little number they got worked up is something that's right on the nose because it's about getting hot.
they told me to pour some more oil in the burner
they told me to pour some more oil in the burner
if she hadn't stood right up and said she did it, we could've.
but if somebody up and admits they been busting the company property...
sid suppose we start with the pan-american exposition issue of 1901.
i guess that's as good a place to start off as any.
don't bother me with letters from marx and klein or anybody.
gladys, don't forget the meeting of the board of directors tomorrow.
either we get the 7 and a half cents or we vote to strike.
what i wanna ask is, will you keep the rally going till i get there and talk to you?
mabel tried to tell you all day yesterday about marx and klein.
and if this operation folds up, i fold with it, and i don't want to.
but give it to me every hour forty hours every week
that's enough for me to be livin ' like a king
a sultan in the taj mahal in every room a different doll
i'll have myself a buying spree i'll buy a pajama factory
if you're so all-fired efficient, how come you're out here looking for a job?
i consider sleeptite pajamas a quality product, mr. hasler something i'd be proud to be connected with.
you don't seem to have made a good impression on the new superintendent.
he ain't got no right to shove me around, especially on my weak arm.
say, i'm sure he can cut most any man down to size
he must be as fierce as a tiger when he's mad
and i'll bet he cries like a little boy when he's sad
but i'm not at all in love not at all in love, not i
picture this, you've nothin ' to do so you drop in to chat for a while
there i am with nothin ' to do so i drop in to chat for a while
something's up, the window is open and gladys is forcing ' a smile
somethin's up, the window is open and gladys is forcing ' a smile
as a matter of fact, we have been fighting a duel.
every time i come on your floor i try to get you to look at me, but i always lose.
so them that don't care for beans can go heavy on the salad and vice versa.
i can never remember a time when competition was so ruthless dealers so cantankerous, costs outrageous and profit margins sunk so low.
i feel like hopping ' up and down like a kangaroo
jumpin ' fences, climbing ' trees what pleases me is what i'll do
this is a nice show you're putting on here, but i don't like it.
my job's to turn out goods and that's what we're gonna do.
now before we break up, we're gonna have a little entertainment and i hope you're gonna show a special courtesy tonight.
a couple of the cutting room boys is got up an act with gladys hotchkiss who is from the front office.
and if these good folk is good enough to come down here and do this act for us why, the least you can do is not to sneak out the back way like last time.
the little number they got worked up is something that's right on the nose because it's about getting hot.
they told me to pour some more oil in the burner
they told me to pour some more oil in the burner
if she hadn't stood right up and said she did it, we could've.
but if somebody up and admits they been busting the company property...
sid suppose we start with the pan-american exposition issue of 1901.
i guess that's as good a place to start off as any.
don't bother me with letters from marx and klein or anybody.
gladys, don't forget the meeting of the board of directors tomorrow.
either we get the 7 and a half cents or we vote to strike.
what i wanna ask is, will you keep the rally going till i get there and talk to you?
mabel tried to tell you all day yesterday about marx and klein.
and if this operation folds up, i fold with it, and i don't want to.
but give it to me every hour forty hours every week
that's enough for me to be livin ' like a king
a sultan in the taj mahal in every room a different doll
i'll have myself a buying spree i'll buy a pajama factory
me, i'm out at night too, and i've never met you.
but how'd you get the idea... the idea of doing this job?
as you can see, ladies and gentlemen, my assistant's head... has been completely impaled by the daggers.
there's no doubt that his head must be... soaked in blood.
you'll be amazed to see, instead, that his head has disappeared!
in the second part of our show, we'll feature... experiments with magnetism, hypnotism and auto-suggestion.
"what i really want is a home, children, and a wife like you."
when i was eighteen, that's when you should have known me!
i even went to the madonna to ask for her grace.
maybe you didn't know how to ask, or maybe you didn't need it.
this is cabiria... a poor, helpless little woman... who lives amid evil without losing hope in good.
an angel with her wings in the mud... untiring in her fight to keep alive her faith in men.
giulietta masina received the award for best actress... at the cannes film festival.
dino de laurentiis, the brave creator of war and peace... brings you this film, the fullest expression... of federico fellini's unique poetic vision.
dino de laurentiis took fellini on... and it was a good move that he can be very proud of.
after the problems fellini had... every time he looked for a producer... and that continued on long after i left fellini's crew--
the producer of his previous film, ii bidone... didn't want to do the film.
i think it was because he didn't believe giulietta masina was... a first-rate actress...
she made a career out of being a wonderful, marvelous actress.
he had a good instinct in marrying silvana... and he had a good instinct in trusting federico.
the italians were not yet the great film lovers that we already were.
fellini was looking for an actor for a coproduction... with films marceau.
i couldn't describe all french actors... so i went to unifrance films in rome.
i told them, "mr. fellini is looking for a french actor.
i had to insist in order to get them to lend it to me.
so i brought him the book, and fellini started to tear out pages... a dozen pictures of people he didn't know.
there was a collage of all the people... who had sent their pictures... people from rome, strangers, women who wanted to be in the movies.
every time he found a face he liked, he would hang it up.
that didn't mean that person would be in the film... but when he entered the office it would inspire him.
it created an imaginary landscape, a kind of film before the real film.
he had hung up the picture of françois périer in his gallery.
then he took a pencil and drew a little moustache on him.
the french coproducers were very happy to cast a star... and everything went very well with françois périer.
périer was a leading man who was now getting older... the nice guy, the average parisian, but likeable nonetheless... someone everybody liked, and that was exactly the point.
périer didn't know he was all those things, but that was the point.
you would see françois périer and you'd trust him... because you'd think, "oh, it's françois périer."
much later in the movie you learn that, on the contrary, he's a total bastard.
it was a great idea, one of fellini's intuitive visions... to take somebody who inspired confidence and use him... to keep up this deception... with the character, with cabiria and with the audience.
giulietta was perhaps the only person... with whom fellini the director would be tough.
maybe because she was his wife... he wanted to avoid giving her any special treatment.
wanting to show off in front of giulietta... and seeing she was a simple woman who didn't know much of the world... he put on a record of beethoven's fifth symphony.
the poor little thing was sitting there on a stool... having been kidnapped, and uncertain of what was going to happen.
fellini made her repeat this line... 1 2 or 1 5 times in a close-up.
this had the effect of making her more upset with each take.
he just thought, "i'll use her to show that i'm very demanding."
i didn't see any difference between the first take and the fifteenth take.
it happened another time with françois périer... in the scene where they are... in a restaurant on a lake... where he made her repeat a line-- i don't remember which line.
it was very embarrassing, and françois didn't know how... to make it go more smoothly.
this time also... she just couldn't repeat the same line 1 5 or 20 times... without him telling her why it wasn't working.
but other than that... actors always said that to make a film with fellini... was a marvelous experience.
everything revolved around him, and he was the choreographer... of this ballet of courtesans.
but all of this took place without any kind of pettiness... but with the charm of a royal ballet.
so it's in a very sincere way that this mixture of prostitutes... and pious people goes to divino amore.
it was a well-known pilgrimage spot for romans... where they sing special songs in honor of the virgin.
there were some american catholic women... who started to scream... when they saw these women arriving with tons of lipstick... lots of cleavage, fishnet stockings, and all the rest.
we had to stop the film after half a day... because they complained to the priest... who was pretending not to see any of it.
i can't remember whether we filmed-- this long scene which is the sermon of this simple priest... who we were making fun of.
so, thanks to all of that, we were able to keep filming... thanks to the preacher's sermon.
he was a very important man whom fellini convinced... not to prohibit filming in that church.
after all these steps, we were able to film in peace.
there were some problems with la dolce vita... because it was a totally different atmosphere.
but in nights of cabiria,... there is a deep humanity... in the tradition of dostoyevsky.
there is a feeling of divine grace and redemption... and so the film has even been considered a christian film.
it was regarded in france... and in italy, after some hesitation... as a catholic film.
it was like "father pierre" in france... who had a great reputation for his devotion to the poor.
so he got the idea of portraying this man in the film... and, once again, instead of hiring an actor... he asked his editor to play the part... with whom he was in contact editing the film every day.
he asked leo cattozzo, his editor, who was completely surprised... who had never been in a movie, to play the man with the sack.
at one point he thought about having me play his assistant... because the man with the sack went around with one or two young men... who helped him carry the food.
it was on the outskirts of rome... where there were vacant lots with natural caves... where poor, old women lived... who often were also prostitutes.
so it's those kind of people who played the role... of those saved by the man with the sack.
they attached a lot of importance to the cannes festival... which was very intense... sophisticated and unpredictable.
they didn't want it to be too long, so they cut that scene.
later i was very surprised to hear people say that it was cut... because of censorship by the catholic church.
i never heard that... and i don't see how... the portrayal of a kind man doing charitable work... could harm the catholic church and create a problem.
but we talked about that last year... when i was interviewed about this new version... of nights of cabiria in the united states... in which they had reinserted the scene... of the man with the sack that they rediscovered in paris.
it all began for me in venice... when la strada was shown at the festival.
i didn't know anything about fellini, i hadn't seen any of his films... but my craving for films led me to see... three or four a day at festivals.
i was in the first row to see la strada... because the theater was full.
i felt i was seeing something staggering... that was going to leave its mark on my life.
i didn't realize that this movie which had excited me so much... had very much disappointed the audience.
i began to hear a long whistling sound... like a train whistle that carries on and on.
it was people who couldn't stand the film who had begun to whistle.
but i insisted, because at that age one is very stubborn and confident.
i told him-- in french all the same, but he understood--
i don't know if it was instigated by visconti or by themselves-- had caused a scandal by demonstrating... their disapproval during the film.
there was a kind of a war, if you will... between fellini's assistants and visconti's.
the feud between fellini and visconti went on for a very long time.
when i was fellini's assistant, i was not to speak about visconti.
i was happy to see this reconciliation between these two great men.
to get back to my story, i came back to paris, of course... and i waited and waited for word from fellini... because i had told him, "i want to work in the movies.
i was thrown into a kind of relationship... that i had never experienced before:
very intimate, very direct and very intense... very unlike what i experienced in paris, even with parents and friends.
not a traditional assistant in any sense... because he already had those, and they were much more efficient than i... even though i was ready and willing to do anything he wanted to help him.
my presence was more meaningful when french actors arrived... like françois périer.
but the reason he wanted me around has always been a mystery to me.
even after his death, i wonder how to explain my fellini adventure... because it was unusual to take on this young man.
i think there was a range of skills that i brought... that to me seemed very banal... but which to him seemed exotic... because i came from another place... and i evoked a world that aroused his interest.
this was less important in la dolce vita... which was the last film i did with him... because the world of la dolce vita was very different... from that of nights of cabiria and ii bidone.
if i may take it further, it was perhaps a feeling of spirituality.
it's funny, because when he would do drawings of me... he would put wings on my back and a halo around my head.
when he had me work on nights of cabiria... he cast me as the priest in the pilgrimage scene.
so i represented for him... a kind of purity of adolescence... which he made use of without me realizing it.
in the beginning, flaiano and pinelli... were fellini's faithful collaborators... that i met and became friends with... and who were helping write the screenplay.
and in this film, nights of cabiria... there was a milieu that neither fellini, nor i, nor the others... were familiar with... the world of prostitution... that whole world of pimps.
me, i'm out at night too, and i've never met you.
but how'd you get the idea... the idea of doing this job?
as you can see, ladies and gentlemen, my assistant's head... has been completely impaled by the daggers.
there's no doubt that his head must be... soaked in blood.
you'll be amazed to see, instead, that his head has disappeared!
in the second part of our show, we'll feature... experiments with magnetism, hypnotism and auto-suggestion.
"what i really want is a home, children, and a wife like you."
when i was eighteen, that's when you should have known me!
i even went to the madonna to ask for her grace.
maybe you didn't know how to ask, or maybe you didn't need it.
this is cabiria... a poor, helpless little woman... who lives amid evil without losing hope in good.
an angel with her wings in the mud... untiring in her fight to keep alive her faith in men.
giulietta masina received the award for best actress... at the cannes film festival.
dino de laurentiis, the brave creator of war and peace... brings you this film, the fullest expression... of federico fellini's unique poetic vision.
dino de laurentiis took fellini on... and it was a good move that he can be very proud of.
after the problems fellini had... every time he looked for a producer... and that continued on long after i left fellini's crew--
the producer of his previous film, ii bidone... didn't want to do the film.
i think it was because he didn't believe giulietta masina was... a first-rate actress...
she made a career out of being a wonderful, marvelous actress.
he had a good instinct in marrying silvana... and he had a good instinct in trusting federico.
the italians were not yet the great film lovers that we already were.
fellini was looking for an actor for a coproduction... with films marceau.
i couldn't describe all french actors... so i went to unifrance films in rome.
i told them, "mr. fellini is looking for a french actor.
i had to insist in order to get them to lend it to me.
so i brought him the book, and fellini started to tear out pages... a dozen pictures of people he didn't know.
there was a collage of all the people... who had sent their pictures... people from rome, strangers, women who wanted to be in the movies.
every time he found a face he liked, he would hang it up.
that didn't mean that person would be in the film... but when he entered the office it would inspire him.
it created an imaginary landscape, a kind of film before the real film.
he had hung up the picture of françois périer in his gallery.
then he took a pencil and drew a little moustache on him.
the french coproducers were very happy to cast a star... and everything went very well with françois périer.
périer was a leading man who was now getting older... the nice guy, the average parisian, but likeable nonetheless... someone everybody liked, and that was exactly the point.
périer didn't know he was all those things, but that was the point.
you would see françois périer and you'd trust him... because you'd think, "oh, it's françois périer."
much later in the movie you learn that, on the contrary, he's a total bastard.
it was a great idea, one of fellini's intuitive visions... to take somebody who inspired confidence and use him... to keep up this deception... with the character, with cabiria and with the audience.
giulietta was perhaps the only person... with whom fellini the director would be tough.
maybe because she was his wife... he wanted to avoid giving her any special treatment.
wanting to show off in front of giulietta... and seeing she was a simple woman who didn't know much of the world... he put on a record of beethoven's fifth symphony.
the poor little thing was sitting there on a stool... having been kidnapped, and uncertain of what was going to happen.
fellini made her repeat this line... 1 2 or 1 5 times in a close-up.
this had the effect of making her more upset with each take.
he just thought, "i'll use her to show that i'm very demanding."
i didn't see any difference between the first take and the fifteenth take.
it happened another time with françois périer... in the scene where they are... in a restaurant on a lake... where he made her repeat a line-- i don't remember which line.
it was very embarrassing, and françois didn't know how... to make it go more smoothly.
this time also... she just couldn't repeat the same line 1 5 or 20 times... without him telling her why it wasn't working.
but other than that... actors always said that to make a film with fellini... was a marvelous experience.
everything revolved around him, and he was the choreographer... of this ballet of courtesans.
but all of this took place without any kind of pettiness... but with the charm of a royal ballet.
so it's in a very sincere way that this mixture of prostitutes... and pious people goes to divino amore.
it was a well-known pilgrimage spot for romans... where they sing special songs in honor of the virgin.
there were some american catholic women... who started to scream... when they saw these women arriving with tons of lipstick... lots of cleavage, fishnet stockings, and all the rest.
we had to stop the film after half a day... because they complained to the priest... who was pretending not to see any of it.
i can't remember whether we filmed-- this long scene which is the sermon of this simple priest... who we were making fun of.
so, thanks to all of that, we were able to keep filming... thanks to the preacher's sermon.
he was a very important man whom fellini convinced... not to prohibit filming in that church.
after all these steps, we were able to film in peace.
there were some problems with la dolce vita... because it was a totally different atmosphere.
but in nights of cabiria,... there is a deep humanity... in the tradition of dostoyevsky.
there is a feeling of divine grace and redemption... and so the film has even been considered a christian film.
it was regarded in france... and in italy, after some hesitation... as a catholic film.
it was like "father pierre" in france... who had a great reputation for his devotion to the poor.
so he got the idea of portraying this man in the film... and, once again, instead of hiring an actor... he asked his editor to play the part... with whom he was in contact editing the film every day.
he asked leo cattozzo, his editor, who was completely surprised... who had never been in a movie, to play the man with the sack.
at one point he thought about having me play his assistant... because the man with the sack went around with one or two young men... who helped him carry the food.
it was on the outskirts of rome... where there were vacant lots with natural caves... where poor, old women lived... who often were also prostitutes.
so it's those kind of people who played the role... of those saved by the man with the sack.
they attached a lot of importance to the cannes festival... which was very intense... sophisticated and unpredictable.
they didn't want it to be too long, so they cut that scene.
later i was very surprised to hear people say that it was cut... because of censorship by the catholic church.
i never heard that... and i don't see how... the portrayal of a kind man doing charitable work... could harm the catholic church and create a problem.
but we talked about that last year... when i was interviewed about this new version... of nights of cabiria in the united states... in which they had reinserted the scene... of the man with the sack that they rediscovered in paris.
it all began for me in venice... when la strada was shown at the festival.
i didn't know anything about fellini, i hadn't seen any of his films... but my craving for films led me to see... three or four a day at festivals.
i was in the first row to see la strada... because the theater was full.
i felt i was seeing something staggering... that was going to leave its mark on my life.
i didn't realize that this movie which had excited me so much... had very much disappointed the audience.
i began to hear a long whistling sound... like a train whistle that carries on and on.
it was people who couldn't stand the film who had begun to whistle.
but i insisted, because at that age one is very stubborn and confident.
i told him-- in french all the same, but he understood--
i don't know if it was instigated by visconti or by themselves-- had caused a scandal by demonstrating... their disapproval during the film.
there was a kind of a war, if you will... between fellini's assistants and visconti's.
the feud between fellini and visconti went on for a very long time.
when i was fellini's assistant, i was not to speak about visconti.
i was happy to see this reconciliation between these two great men.
to get back to my story, i came back to paris, of course... and i waited and waited for word from fellini... because i had told him, "i want to work in the movies.
i was thrown into a kind of relationship... that i had never experienced before:
very intimate, very direct and very intense... very unlike what i experienced in paris, even with parents and friends.
not a traditional assistant in any sense... because he already had those, and they were much more efficient than i... even though i was ready and willing to do anything he wanted to help him.
my presence was more meaningful when french actors arrived... like françois périer.
but the reason he wanted me around has always been a mystery to me.
even after his death, i wonder how to explain my fellini adventure... because it was unusual to take on this young man.
i think there was a range of skills that i brought... that to me seemed very banal... but which to him seemed exotic... because i came from another place... and i evoked a world that aroused his interest.
this was less important in la dolce vita... which was the last film i did with him... because the world of la dolce vita was very different... from that of nights of cabiria and ii bidone.
if i may take it further, it was perhaps a feeling of spirituality.
it's funny, because when he would do drawings of me... he would put wings on my back and a halo around my head.
when he had me work on nights of cabiria... he cast me as the priest in the pilgrimage scene.
so i represented for him... a kind of purity of adolescence... which he made use of without me realizing it.
in the beginning, flaiano and pinelli... were fellini's faithful collaborators... that i met and became friends with... and who were helping write the screenplay.
and in this film, nights of cabiria... there was a milieu that neither fellini, nor i, nor the others... were familiar with... the world of prostitution... that whole world of pimps.
as you can see, ladies and gentlemen, my assistant's head... has been completely impaled by the daggers.
there's no doubt that his head must be... soaked in blood.
you'll be amazed to see, instead, that his head has disappeared!
in the second part of our show, we'll feature... experiments with magnetism, hypnotism and auto-suggestion.
"what i really want is a home, children, and a wife like you."
when i was eighteen, that's when you should have known me!
i even went to the madonna to ask for her grace.
maybe you didn't know how to ask, or maybe you didn't need it.
me, i'm out at night too, and i've never met you.
but how'd you get the idea... the idea of doing this job?
there's no doubt that his head must be... soaked in blood.
you'll be amazed to see, instead, that his head has disappeared!
what struck me most... is that deep inside, you're as pure as you were at 1222.
when you went to mass with your mother... and had long black hair, falling down to here.
the italians were not yet the great film lovers that we already were.
fellini was looking for an actor for a coproduction... with films marceau.
i couldn't describe all french actors... so i went to unifrance films in rome.
i told them, "mr. fellini is looking for a french actor.
i had to insist in order to get them to lend it to me.
so i brought him the book, and fellini started to tear out pages... a dozen pictures of people he didn't know.
there was a collage of all the people... who had sent their pictures... people from rome, strangers, women who wanted to be in the movies.
every time he found a face he liked, he would hang it up.
that didn't mean that person would be in the film... but when he entered the office it would inspire him.
it created an imaginary landscape, a kind of film before the real film.
he had hung up the picture of francois perier in his gallery.
then he took a pencil and drew a little moustache on him.
the french coproducers were very happy to cast a star... and everything went very well with francois perier.
perier was a leading man who was now getting older... the nice guy, the average parisian, but likeable nonetheless... someone everybody liked, and that was exactly the point.
perier didn't know he was all those things, but that was the point.
you would see francois perier and you'd trust him... because you'd think, "oh, it's francois perier. "
much later in the movie you learn that, on the contrary, he's a total bastard.
it was a great idea, one of fellini's intuitive visions... to take somebody who inspired confidence and use him... to keep up this deception... with the character, with cabiria and with the audience.
giulietta was perhaps the only person... with whom fellini the director would be tough.
maybe because she was his wife... he wanted to avoid giving her any special treatment.
wanting to show off in front of giulietta... and seeing she was a simple woman who didn't know much of the world... he put on a record of beethoven's fifth symphony.
the poor little thing was sitting there on a stool... having been kidnapped, and uncertain of what was going to happen.
fellini made her repeat this line... 12 or 15 times in a close-up.
this had the effect of making her more upset with each take.
he just thought, "i'll use her to show that i'm very demanding. "
i didn't see any difference between the first take and the fifteenth take.
it was very embarrassing, and francois didn't know how... to make it go more smoothly.
this time also... she just couldn't repeat the same line 15 or 20 times... without him telling her why it wasn't working.
we felt like the guests of this great man... who was inviting us to share a feast.
we didn't know when we were filming and when we weren't.
what if fellini should call and offer me a small role?
"i would be devastated if i had to turn him down. "
there was also an atmosphere as if in a royal court.
everything revolved around him, and he was the choreographer... of this ballet of courtesans.
this is cabiria... a poor, helpless little woman... who lives amid evil without losing hope in good.
an angel with her wings in the mud... untiring in her fight to keep alive her faith in men.
giulietta masina received the award for best actress... at the cannes film festival.
dino de laurentiis, the brave creator of war and peace... brings you this film, the fullest expression... of federico fellini's unique poetic vision.
dino de laurentiis took fellini on... and it was a good move that he can be very proud of.
after the problems fellini had... every time he looked for a producer... and that continued on long after i left fellini's crew...
the producer of his previous film, iibidone... didn't want to do the film.
i think it was because he didn't believe giulietta masina was... a first-rate actress...
she made a career out of being a wonderful, marvelous actress.
he had a good instinct in marrying silvana... and he had a good instinct in trusting federico.
so it's in a very sincere way that this mixture of prostitutes... and pious people goes to divino amore.
it was a well-known pilgrimage spot for romans... where they sing special songs in honor of the virgin.
there were some american catholic women... who started to scream... when they saw these women arriving with tons of lipstick... lots of cleavage, fishnet stockings, and all the rest.
we had to stop the film after half a day... because they complained to the priest... who was pretending not to see any of it.
i can't remember whether we filmed... this long scene which is the sermon of this simple priest... who we were making fun of.
so, thanks to all of that, we were able to keep filming... thanks to the preacher's sermon.
i remember we went to see a monsignor, a bishop... a cardinal siri, who later became the cardinal archbishop of genoa... a great man, very intelligent, who almost became the pope... instead of john xxiii.
he was a very important man whom fellini convinced... not to prohibit filming in that church.
but in nights of cabiria,... there is a deep humanity... in the tradition of dostoyevsky.
there is a feeling of divine grace and redemption... and so the film has even been considered a christian film.
it was regarded in france... and in italy, after some hesitation... as a catholic film.
actually, there's a scene that no longer exists... that they've rediscovered, i think in paris... the scene of the man with the sack that we filmed.
so he got the idea of portraying this man in the film... and, once again, instead of hiring an actor... he asked his editor to play the part... with whom he was in contact editing the film every day.
he asked leo cattalo, his editor, who was completely surprised... who had never been in a movie, to play the man with the sack.
so we filmed in the actual places where the man with the sack worked.
it was on the outskirts of rome... where there were vacant lots with natural caves... where poor, old women lived... who often were also prostitutes.
i returned to france, and i went down to cannes for the festival...
i don't remember if it was '57 or '56... for the world premiere of the film... and i realized that the scene of the man with the sack was not in it.
they didn't want it to be too long, so they cut that scene.
later i was very surprised to hear people say that it was cut... because of censorship by the catholic church.
i never heard that... and i don't see how... the portrayal of a kind man doing charitable work... could harm the catholic church and create a problem.
but we talked about that last year... when i was interviewed about this new version... of nights of cabiria in the united states... in which they had reinserted the scene... of the man with the sack that they rediscovered in paris.
it all began for me in venice... when la stradawas shown at the festival.
i didn't know anything about fellini, i hadn't seen any of his films... but my craving for films led me to see... three or four a day at festivals.
i was in the first row to see la strada... because the theater was full.
from the first images, i was stunned by its beauty and poetic density.
i didn't realize that this movie which had excited me so much... had very much disappointed the audience.
but i was so hypnotized by the images that i felt something was happening... in the theater, but i didn't know what.
i said to myself, "this is a very important day in my life.
"this mr. fellini must be very unhappy, wherever he is. "
but i insisted, because at that age one is very stubborn and confident.
i told him... in french all the same, but he understood...
i don't know if it was instigated by visconti or by themselves... had caused a scandal by demonstrating... their disapproval during the film.
there was a kind of a war, if you will... between fellini's assistants and visconti's.
the feud between fellini and visconti went on for a very long time.
when i was fellini's assistant, i was not to speak about visconti.
i was happy to see this reconciliation between these two great men.
to get back to my story, i came back to paris, of course... and i waited and waited for word from fellini... because i had told him, "i want to work in the movies.
i was thrown into a kind of relationship... that i had never experienced before:
very intimate, very direct and very intense... very unlike what i experienced in paris, even with parents and friends.
not a traditional assistant in any sense... because he already had those, and they were much more efficient than i... even though i was ready and willing to do anything he wanted to help him.
my presence was more meaningful when french actors arrived... like francois perier.
but the reason he wanted me around has always been a mystery to me.
even after his death, i wonder how to explain my fellini adventure... because it was unusual to take on this young man.
i think there was a range of skills that i brought... that to me seemed very banal... but which to him seemed exotic... because i came from another place... and i evoked a world that aroused his interest.
this was less important in la dolce vita... which was the last film i did with him... because the world of la dolce vita was very different... from that of nights of cabiria and il bidone.
if i may take it further, it was perhaps a feeling of spirituality.
it's funny, because when he would do drawings of me... he would put wings on my back and a halo around my head.
when he had me work on nights of cabiria... he cast me as the priest in the pilgrimage scene.
so i represented for him... a kind of purity of adolescence... which he made use of without me realizing it.
in the beginning, flaiano and pinelli... were fellini's faithful collaborators... that i met and became friends with... and who were helping write the screenplay.
and in this film, nights of cabiria... there was a milieu that neither fellini, nor i, nor the others... were familiar with... the world of prostitution... that whole world of pimps.
when fellini had something to say to somebody... often we would go for a drive in the car.
very often i found myself alone with fellini in the roman countryside... speaking endlessly about life and everything.
me, i'm out at night too, and i've never met you.
but how'd you get the idea... the idea of doing this job?
as you can see, ladies and gentlemen, my assistant's head... has been completely impaled by the daggers.
there's no doubt that his head must be... soaked in blood.
you'll be amazed to see, instead, that his head has disappeared!
in the second part of our show, we'll feature... experiments with magnetism, hypnotism and auto-suggestion.
"what i really want is a home, children, and a wife like you."
when i was eighteen, that's when you should have known me!
i even went to the madonna to ask for her grace.
maybe you didn't know how to ask, or maybe you didn't need it.
there's no doubt that his head must be... soaked in blood.
you'll be amazed to see, instead, that his head has disappeared!
what struck me most... is that deep inside, you're as pure as you were at 1 8.
when you went to mass with your mother... and had long black hair, falling down to here.
me, i'm out at night too, and i've never met you.
but how'd you get the idea... the idea of doing this job?
as you can see, ladies and gentlemen, my assistant's head... has been completely impaled by the daggers.
there's no doubt that his head must be... soaked in blood.
you'll be amazed to see, instead, that his head has disappeared!
in the second part of our show, we'll feature... experiments with magnetism, hypnotism and auto-suggestion.
"what i really want is a home, children, and a wife like you."
when i was eighteen, that's when you should have known me!
i even went to the madonna to ask for her grace.
maybe you didn't know how to ask, or maybe you didn't need it.
as you can see, ladies and gentlemen, my assistant's head... has been completely impaled by the daggers.
there's no doubt that his head must be... soaked in blood.
you'll be amazed to see, instead, that his head has disappeared!
in the second part of our show, we'll feature... experiments with magnetism, hypnotism and auto-suggestion.
"what i really want is a home, children, and a wife like you!"
when i was eighteen, that's when you should have known me!
i even went to the madonna to ask for her grace.
maybe you didn't know how to ask, or maybe you didn't need it.
as you can see, ladies and gentlemen, my assistant's head... has been completely impaled by the daggers.
there's no doubt that his head must be... soaked in blood.
you'll be amazed to see, instead, that his head has disappeared!
in the second part of our show, we'll feature... experiments with magnetism, hypnotism and auto-suggestion.
"what i really want is a home, children, and a wife like you."
when i was eighteen, that's when you should have known me!
as you can see, ladies and gentlemen, my assistant's head... has been completely impaled by the daggers.
there's no doubt that his head must be... soaked in blood.
you'll be amazed to see, instead, that his head has disappeared!
in the second part of our show, we'll feature... experiments with magnetism, hypnotism and auto-suggestion.
what i really want is a home, children, and a wife like you."
when i was eighteen, that's when you should have known me!
i even went to the madonna to ask for her grace.
maybe you didn't know how to ask, or maybe you didn't need it.
me, i'm out at night too, and i've never met you.
but how'd you get the idea... the idea of doing this job?
as you can see, ladies and gentlemen, my assistant's head... has been completely impaled by the daggers.
there's no doubt that his head must be... soaked in blood.
you'll be amazed to see, instead, that his head has disappeared!
in the second part of our show, we'll feature... experiments with magnetism, hypnotism and auto-suggestion.
"what i really want is a home, children, and a wife like you."
when i was eighteen, that's when you should have known me!
i even went to the madonna to ask for her grace.
maybe you didn't know how to ask, or maybe you didn't need it.
as you can see, ladies and gentlemen, my assistant's head... has been completely impaled by the daggers.
there's no doubt that his head must be... soaked in blood.
you'll be amazed to see, instead, that his head has disappeared!
in the second part of our show, we'll feature... experiments with magnetism, hypnotism and auto-suggestion.
"what i really want is a home, children, and a wife like you."
when i was eighteen, that's when you should have known me!
there's no doubt that his head must be... soaked in blood.
you'll be amazed to see, instead, that his head has disappeared!
what struck me most... is that deep inside, you're as pure as you were at 1 8.
when you went to mass with your mother... and had long black hair, falling down to here.
have you seen a small boy with an apple on his head?
i know he's here somewhere, but my eyes aren't what they used to be.
sam, i told you the last time, there ain't going to be no more money.
i know what you told me, dad, but if you'd just listen a minute.
spent most of your time down at the pub, getting yourself soused.
now, all of a sudden, butter wouldn't melt in your mouth.
look, dad, if i don't get it from you, i'll have to get it from someone else.
and you may not like what i have to do to get it.
i ought to have my head examined, wanting you, knowing what you are.
but i do and there's nothing i can do about it.
all you're good for is whining about not having any money.
and you haven't the guts to do anything about getting some.
you know something, sam, if anybody else had made that remark, i'd worry.
i'd think maybe they meant to hurry up things a bit.
but even an old man doesn't have to be afraid of you.
now clear out of here, i don't even like to look at you.
oh, well, naturally, i'll find out all about it before i give him the money.
the main thing is i have to have it tonight, you see.
well, i thought you might change your mind when you knew what i wanted it for.
you always said you wanted me to make something of my life.
for a moment i thought you were backing out on me because you didn't like the way i was getting the money.
i never minded before where anyone got money they spent on me.
i saw him with my own two eyes, i told you.
oh, i don't doubt it for a minute, but we sort of prefer to see him with our own eyes.
my men searched the whole of the building including the shop.
they didn't even find a trace of his having been there.
have you seen a small boy with an apple on his head?
i know he's here somewhere, but my eyes aren't what they used to be.
sam, i told you the last time, there ain't going to be no more money.
i know what you told me, dad, but if you'd just listen a minute.
spent most of your time down at the pub, getting yourself soused.
now, all of a sudden, butter wouldn't melt in your mouth.
look, dad, if i don't get it from you, i'll have to get it from someone else.
and you may not like what i have to do to get it.
i ought to have my head examined, wanting you, knowing what you are.
but i do and there's nothing i can do about it.
all you're good for is whining about not having any money.
and you haven't the guts to do anything about getting some.
you know something, sam, if anybody else had made that remark, i'd worry.
i'd think maybe they meant to hurry up things a bit.
but even an old man doesn't have to be afraid of you.
now clear out of here, i don't even like to look at you.
oh, well, naturally, i'll find out all about it before i give him the money.
the main thing is i have to have it tonight, you see.
well, i thought you might change your mind when you knew what i wanted it for.
you always said you wanted me to make something of my life.
for a moment i thought you were backing out on me because you didn't like the way i was getting the money.
i never minded before where anyone got money they spent on me.
i saw him with my own two eyes, i told you.
oh, i don't doubt it for a minute, but we sort of prefer to see him with our own eyes.
my men searched the whole of the building including the shop.
they didn't even find a trace of his having been there.
but let me tell you, the worst thing i ever did was let you go on the way you've been doing.
you'd get a job quick enough and hold it if you didn't have me to turn to every time you run short.
i just didn't want to worry you till i got another one.
but there wasn't any use of my staying in that job.
what did you ever do but stay half drunk most of the time.
well, if i take a drink or two, it's to help me arthritis.
and you may not like what i have to do to get it.
well, i haven't liked anything you've done for a long time now, so why should this be different?
if you was worth it, i'd open your face with me nails, but you ain't.
all you're good for is whining about not having any money.
tell you what, come back and ask me when you've got some.
that should mean i won't have to see you for a long time.
i'd think maybe they meant to hurry up things a bit.
but even an old man doesn't have to be afraid of you.
you can't go putting money into something you don't know anything about.
oh, well, naturally, i'll find out all about it before i give him the money.
the main thing is i have to have it tonight, you see.
i can't take a chance on losing out to someone else.
if i wouldn't give you £2, what makes you think i'd give you this sum, 50?
well, i thought you might change your mind when you knew what i wanted it for.
dad, i want you to be sure and understand one thing.
getting this money means more to me than anything in the world
how can you collect a reward before we even know your information was accurate?
i saw him with my own two eyes, i told you.
oh, i don't doubt it for a minute, but we sort of prefer to see him with our own eyes.
now, if you'll just sign this statement, when they do bring him in, we'll be all set.
that you saw a man you believe to be gus harrison, who's wanted in connection with a murder, enter a shop and not come out.
subsequently, you saw somebody inside the shop lock up for the night.
as a matter of fact, i could hold you for making false statements.
and i, for one, wouldn't mind clapping you into a cell.
sam was one of those persons for whom all things seem to work out well.
no matter what happens to him, he always manages to land on his head.
general lee got right down on his hands and knees and begged president johnson for pardon.
but if it's good enough for them, i reckon it's good enough for me.
now if we can just keep this distance between them and us, stay out of bow shot, we've got a running chance.
but you see what crazy wolf can do with an arrow, so don't let him get a bow range on you.
- if we can come to terms with the sioux, that area will be designated by chief red cloud and general allan.
i thought we had that indian on his knees begging for terms.
it would've been different if he'd had some cavalry to back him up.
for your information, we're the ones asking red cloud to meet our terms.
we break our backs making peace with the indians and they send us men like that, scratching for combat.
i guess he's not the only frustrated custer in the army.
some cousins came to visit and now she's complaining that our place is like a dormitory.
everyone wants to come to moscow, but we can't live like sardines.
after all i taughtyou about how to get a man and you go there.
the only kind of men you're going to find there are tourists.
then i'ii go to work every day, and he'ii think i'm still a student.
that goes on for a year, then i'ii get pregnant and become a housewife.
and even if he does find out, it'ii be too late.
he will have gotten used to me, and he'ii adore his kid.
one is lousy grammar, and the other is asking dumb questions.
what if they ask me a question and i give a dumb answer?
an old house on the block was dynamited at one o'ciock.
and instead the new one fell, the old one is holding well.
an old man in a restaurant ate a very, very lot.
now his rent is paid well for, it's a cemetery plot.
a loving son to his dear dad gave a lottery ticket.
father won a car, no buts, and the son is going nuts.
katia tikhomirova is the only girl at this factory who is working as a mechanic.
have a look at the complex machine that katia has started to work on.
among those who got married, two were living in the very same apartment building.
they wouldn't have met one another, it was only because of our club.
if you take care of a car it can last a hundred years.
you've led a perfectly honest sort of iife, and what d'ya got to showfor it, just a couple of hairs on your head.
he's like that every time he comes out of the hospital.
that explains why he hasn't come around begging for a while.
everybody wanted to drink with him, and he couldn't refuse because he was too nice.
now all his friends have disappeared and left him all alone.
but never on the job and never on an empty stomach.
not far from where i iive there's a pond and birch trees.
but mother has always been of the opinion thatyou have to know a man well to marry him, and that takes time.
right, to marry a person after only a two-day acquaintance is a very thoughtless act.
there's a good way for us to get to know one another.
i invite you and your mother for a sunday picnic in the country.
it's a special toast that i've the pleasure to propose today.
this is a special occasion - the birthday of our dear friend gosha.
in that case, i propose a toast in honor of his hands.
at first glance they're average human hands, but all that is just an illusion.
as for me, if i received a doctorate, at ieast 70 percent of it comes from the apparatus that gosha invented.
and i'm sure that my opinion is shared by the majority of my fellow workers at our scientific institute.
though, i do think that in a family the man should be superior.
when the woman has a larger salary or a position of superiority, the marriage can't work.
and now here i am, alone with no kids, with no wife, not even anyone i can really call a friend.
how many times i've imagined what it wouid be like meeting you.
i wanted you to know about my success, to make you see how wrong you were.
but now i think that it was all to the good.
and when he was asked to take over again, he said:
"once you've seen the cabbages that i've grown, you'ii stop asking me."
you see, not everybody wants to be some kind of leader.
although it seems to be the only case in the history of the world.
there are only a few who possess his peculiar magic, that extraordinary ability to make us feel,
to lift us out of our own existence and make us believe in the world of make believe.
i am speaking of the great ones now, those that audiences have selected and set apart.
some no longer here to enchant you, but, well, will always be remembered.
they didn't want you till after the first of the year.
and i want to make this christmas special, in a home, instead of a hotel room.
i'm sorry, mr. dill, but i was getting settled in a new house.
needed a special kind of place out in the country, far away from everything.
well, i love him too, but i've got to make some kind of life of my own.
i have the chance now, and you're not going to take it away from me.
he'll be sound asleep by the time you come back for him.
from now on he's going to sleep at home, where he belongs.
the last thing i want to do is to cause you any trouble, mr. lait.
but i've got my problem, and it's the only way i know how to handle it.
i thought maybe i could help, but he's become so bitter, so cruel.
now he wants me to go back to him, but i can't.
i had nothing better to do, so i read every book i could lay my hands on.
i'll never forget the first day i read the hunchback of notre dame.
i started on the makeup the day you sent me the book.
do you know why i wanted you for the hunchback, mr. chaney?
every time an actor was suggested, i dug into his past to see what made him tick.
in your case, i dug rather deep, all the way back to colorado springs.
he said he'd get me a good part if you'd let him bill me as lon chaney, junior.
oh, son, there's always somebody around looking to make a fast dollar.
i'm afraid some of the old favorites are going to fall by the wayside, a lot of them.
well, everything has to come to an end, and i've had a long run.
to lift us out of our own existence and make us believe in the world of make believe.
i am speaking of the great ones now, those that audiences have selected and set apart.
he showed the world the souls of those people who are born different from the rest.
to understand why he was destined for this, we would only have to go back to any day in his boyhood, in the town of colorado springs.
until i was eight, i never talked in the street, just to make them think i couldn't, and when they yelled at me,
i paid them back for my father and mother, and i grew up paying them back.
i'm sorry, mr. dill, but i was getting settled in a new house.
needed a special kind of place out in the country, far away from everything.
scotty, would you take creighton to his father and tell him i'll see them both at home tonight?
well, now, there's a couple of minutes before he goes on.
well, i love him too, but i've got to make some kind of life of my own.
i have the chance now, and you're not going to take it away from me.
he'll be sound asleep by the time you come back for him.
from now on he's going to sleep at home, where he belongs.
the last thing i want to do is to cause you any trouble, mr. lait.
but i've got my problem, and it's the only way i know how to handle it.
i thought maybe i could help, but he's become so bitter, so cruel.
now he wants me to go back to him, but i can't.
i thought showing him this would be the clincher, but the answer's still "no. "
"the only concern of the court, mr. chaney, is the welfare of your son. "
his own room, a back garden, school two blocks away, and a summer place that starts going up the day i get him back.
just for the two of us, where we can fish and talk and get to know each other again.
i had nothing better to do, so i read every book i could lay my hands on.
i'll never forget the first day i read the hunchback of notre dame.
i started on the makeup the day you sent me the book.
do you know why i wanted you for the hunchback, mr. chaney?
every time an actor was suggested, i dug into his past to see what made him tick.
in your case, i dug rather deep, all the way back to colorado springs.
he said he'd get me a good part if you'd let him bill me as lon chaney, junior.
oh, son, there's always somebody around looking to make a fast dollar.
i'm afraid some of the old favorites are going to fall by the wayside, a lot of them.
well, everything has to come to an end, and i've had a long run.
there are only a few who possess his peculiar magic, that extraordinary ability to make us feel,
to lift us out of our own existence and make us believe in the world of make believe.
i am speaking of the great ones now, those that audiences have selected and set apart.
some no longer here to enchant you, but, well, will always be remembered.
they didn't want you till after the first of the year.
and i want to make this christmas special, in a home, instead of a hotel room.
from now on he's going to sleep at home, where he belongs.
the last thing i want to do is to cause you any trouble, mr. lait.
but i've got my problem, and it's the only way i know how to handle it.
i'll be sorry to lose her, mr. chaney, but i understand.
cleva creighton chaney, the court grants to the plaintiff, chaney, a decree of divorce.
in the matter of the custody of creighton chaney, it is the opinion of the court that the plaintiff, chaney, is unable at this time to give the boy the environment of a normal home life.
you see, you're in movies what we call an unsaleable commodity.
you're just a plain, ordinary guy with a plain, ordinary face.
there's a part that he can't cast, a very special kind of part.
you wouldn't happen to know an actor who can twist his body to look completely deformed, and then unwind before your very eyes?
maybe a suitable home doesn't mean just a house and furniture.
i mean, maybe the judge feels that a suitable home is, well, people.
and you know, between you and me, this company can use a prestige picture.
and i don't think anyone around would mind if it made a couple of dollars, too.
i see him as a man deformed, cursed, tormented, laughed at as a freak, but his tormentors never see the heartbreak or the tears.
that's just what i want the audience to see, mr. chaney.
this project is so important to me that i couldn't take a chance on just anyone.
every time an actor was suggested, i dug into his past to see what made him tick.
he caught me fooling around in his makeup box, copying one of his faces.
he's got 1,000 of them, but you should have heard him.
the mysterious nature of the tragedy, that took place in two oceans, caused great concern and confusion in the public press all over the world.
to determine the causes of the catastrophe, the soviet union has sent the "pioneer" submarine.
in the area of the shipwreck the submarine crew have rescued pavlik - the son of "arctic" 's captain.
the sub's captain vorontsov sent the search party of divers to the sunken ship.
the bathysphere, where professor lortkipanidze conducted the scientific research, was attacked by a squid.
the terrible creature grabbed the metal sphere with its gigantic tentacles and tried to destroy the bathysphere.
i am near the radio room, i'll need another 15 minutes to finish.
there might be data on the shipwreck, please, allow me to stay longer.
he stopped saying hello... didn't recognize his friends... he started forgetting things.
not only me, but all the employees of the design bureau noticed that.
on that night... when you ended your life with such brilliance... wasn't it this gentleman, that visited you?
i don't think that someone would need to wear a tailcoat to pay me a visit.
a table, two chairs, a bed, a bookshelf with 46 books in it,
12 of them are small, and a map in the corner behind the curtain.
it ends just short of... the circle, that is drawn on the map with black pencil.
you still don't have the sharp eye of a sailor yet.
only fleet hq, us and sub's captain vorontsov knew about pioneer's voyage.
and in the radiogram they pointed out the exact date of sub's departure.
you are going to open this package at the arctic wreck site.
i believe you are aware, vasily, that i've got a mixed crew.
thus, the water pressure on the whole human body... let's say, at a depth of 100 meters... can go up to two hundred tons.
and at a depth of 5000 meters... the pressure goes up to 10 thousand tons... which equals half a ton per one centimeter of body.
the operating principle is the same as that of our modern vessels.
below... is the power source - a tiny dc power station.
the surface of all the continents... comprises only 29% of the total area of the earth.
and 71%... which makes it 2/3, is covered with seas and oceans.
after the soil examination, the chemical analysis of water... and tracking the currents...
i could identify not only the name of the ocean, but also the area we are in.
now tell me, how did you get into the boat ?
well, i used to get in it from time to time.
and when you open your eyes, check again what you have memorized.
when you get back home... your school friends will ask you :
and then... in 1941 i learned that during a rehearsal... he fell to his death.
my father keeps the show poster... and the newspaper with his obituary and his portrait.
depth - 300 meters, course - 185, speed - 45 knots.
comrade commander, we're heading for the rocks, at this speed we'll surely crash.
the situation is tense for the humane goals of the expedition :
rescuing people, finding out the causes of the disaster and your scientific work.
thisstorytakesplace within the borders of a great, enlightened and civilized country.
this is the story of a certain city and what it did about this common curse that plagued the land.
isn't it the absolute truth that you roared through a 20 mile zone flagrantly making of our speed laws a mockery?
that you then did crash into a restaurant and smash all the crockery?
and next, ladies and gentlemen, gaze upon this decrepit old heap.
he's got only one eye and no brakes at all, and just enough power to creep.
i know you will bring in without delay a verdict of guilty!
and now, what has the attorney for the defense got to say?
oh, i forget to tell you that he has no experience with a woman's team.
it is the first time for him to teach women in his life.
although you are comfortable drinking, your heart can't bear the strain.
it you cannot be strict with yourself, how can you be a sportswoman and national player?
this summer vacation i want to take the university entrance examinations.
my mum asked me to return to suzhou to review my lessons.
i pass the ball to you, and then you ignore me.
you pass it to wang simei, and then run through the inside.
simei, you pass the ball to the leader and the leader shoots.
at this time, the opponent will be sure to block you.
most of the time she doesn't take sports seriously but only thinks of the university entrance exam.
you can say anything else about me but you can't say that i don't take sports seriously.
they said how china, a diseased man in east asia could send athletes to take part in sports games.
the journalists also asked him to take off his clothes to take his photo.
afterwards, he won a championship for his own nation, but china didn't need it at that time.
in order to make a living, he went to play ball and do advertising for his boss, he was like a beast in the circus.
several years ago, i had an opportunity to go with a sports delegation to a foreign nation.
when i saw the national flags of the soviets, the united states, england, even a country with only a population of several thousand making achievements in the field of sports... as an old athlete, a chinese
i am thinking that if we have our five-star flag raised in a world sports game and our national anthem, no matter what country you come from, even from a country which opposes us, you should take off your cap below our national flag.
you have to take into account that before you is a country with a population of 600 million.
just let me find you a book so you'd not feel bored meanwhile.
i will find you a book so you'd not feel bored.
sorry, but sometimes i really have it up to my neck.
you didn't expect everything to be milk and honey, did you?
who knows if you even bring it home drunk like that.
i could be drunk like hell, but i surely won't forget my lamp.
nor with the fact that you and pierre left the company.
and i'm least unconcerned what will people who i work with think of me.
if you're husband, why did you let your wife live in this den, and listen to those primitive quarrels outside?
why did you act mad the whole night while i was trying to maintain a cheerful atmosphere?
for you it's drunken hasan who matters, rather than me and my party which i was preparing for days!
so we could have at least a bit of fun in this desert.
who could have been so rough and mindless to let this thing fail?
this old man is to be blamed for his own tragedies, anyway.
i guess we have the right to one night of peace, haven't we?
is it true that one gets harder times with girls, than bunkers?
you crossed the ocean now i can't see you yujiro ishihara mie kitahara
you crossed the ocean now i can't see you isamu kosugi kenjiro uemura, hideaki nitani
on september 1 st, the lightweight championship match was held at shiba sports center.
the rookie taniguchi took the title away from komatsu in a seventh-round knockout.
it's been a long time since i took some time off.
it would have been a great day if that hadn't happened.
joji shimaki v. shinobu kimura he had an eye, a great punch and guts.
joji shimaki v. shigeo haji he had all it takes to be a champ.
"though i have waited almost a year for his arrival, your brother, mr. kenichi shimaki has not arrived here to this date.
he has not contacted me since he sent me a letter to notify me of his travel schedule.
as far as we were concerned, the victim was a regular guy, and tetsu wasn't particularly strong, either.
we didn't find any evidence of a false confession on his part.
on the other hand, alfredo is a man of the world, experienced, the essential to get you out of problems, and to dazzle in society.
but, in the life of a woman, there are hours of intimacy, of the warmth of home life.
i know you do not believe in anything, but i refuse to surrender.
ok then, now you must get changed, they are waiting at the gym for you.
from this moment, the rehersals with these young men are suspended, whom have abused of our hospitality!
head mistress, it is just youthful impulses, surely, it will not happen again.
we are finished for today, please, bring all your assignments to correct them.
you will have to wait a moment, i have to distribute these letters.
surely, its my son's, ever since he is a widower... take it to him immediatedly, yes sir.
its for mr. pablo, the younger, can you give it to him?
take it easy, maria, its for that crazy son of mine.
in all those business trips he has taken to the nation's capital, who knows how many girls he has gotten entagled with.
i......keep on being a bachelor the one thats married is my wife.
i will go back to singing to toña, rosa and lupe aguilar that even if all three are sisters they all love me the same now, everybody!
i will go back to singing to toña, rosa and lupe aguilar that even if all three are sisters they all love me the same
this is not my farewell to the single life, for now.
i will go back to singing to toña, rosa and lupe aguilar that even if all three are sisters they all love me the same
i will go back to singing to toña, rosa and lupe aguilar that even if all three are sisters they all love me the same
dont be sad, my friends, i am not saying goodbye even with the noose to my neck, i am not dying.
the indian did not say this, i came up with this myself.
the hard.... thing is not to get married, but to stick with it.
i will go back to singing to toña, rosa and lupe aguilar
that even if all three are sisters they all love me the same
i will go back to singing to toña, rosa and lupe aguilar that even if all three are sisters they all love me the same
say, old man, why you send telegrams that arrive so early, man.
my idiot butler woke me at 1100 hours, and with this weather.... at 1100?
no way man, first take me to the hotel, i need a shower.
come on, don't be so square, lets go to the stage first.
its all quite lovely, but you have to tell me whats your deal here?
its a benefit show, and since i am an alumnus, i help them out.
well, say no more, you are still the lazy poet, with your little song numbers.
oh, you old bohemian, lets go, they might get away, man!
its a good song, the problem is that this dumbass ruined it, man!
isn't it the one you wrote the last time i was here?
oh, no miss, i tought it would not be prudent for them to meet
they are as caged beasts each one of them in different rooms.
but its almost 0930, they will make me be late for the institute.
yes, i was afraid of that, that is why the service door is free
but grandpa is intent for me to go trough with the engagement.
well, it will not be easy to find some unknowns amongst 4 million inhabitants, old man.
i see you are not taking this seriously, but there will be consequences,i assure you, you will see!
and you, mister, tell me who you are, and who invited you,
she is a girl that is full of fantasies, what she needs is a poet,
and me , sir,i need her, she is my muse my inspiration.
i am sorry, but who are you, i do not know you.
you will get to know me in this home soon enough,
not only does he exist, miss, but he is also a very aggressive guy!
guillermo, i cannot meet that man, i will die of shame!
but ask her, and surely , she will tell you that we don't know each other.
she is not here now, but, i believe you, mr. garza.
damn right, thats what i like, upholding the fine traditions of the navy!
i'm guessing that you might be a real player, even while being such a kid.
as for me, she spoiled my wedding, but don't think i'm too sore for myself, but for my grandfather.
excuse me, outside, are your three friends, that insist in seeing you!
they saw the young master's car and will not leave until meeting with him.
they are so lame, i do not know how to get rid of them.
this is the good mornings as sung by king david today its your saints day
this went wrong, but not this one what, what , what!
you best get back to monterrey, and don't you get close to me, please!
you are crazy, man , you think i fancy him ..., bah!
well, it is productive to meet you and formulate the program.
come, at the gymasium i will provide you with everything you need.
and once you would meet me, you would have been dissapoited?
because, often, one imagines things much better than they really are.
look, don't be a slouch, hand me the razor, its on the vanity.
once more i will sing to toña, rosa, and lupe aguilar,
you shall see, you will be, what no one was in my life before, because you for me you are my soul, my love, and my faith.
well, boys, there was shotguns but no doves, thanks, and split that amongst yourselves.
you know, tonight i leave for monterrey, and came to say goodbye to your son, hannibal.
but please, don't bother yourself,don't let me interrup, continue your conversation,
yes, central sanitarium, this is doctor rodriguez, and please forgive me, but partly, the fault is yours.
because you ain't telling me that the boy is not a bit queer?
hello, wassup, what you doing up this early,its only 0730 hours.
i have been up since 0500, waiting for you to come asking for advice, as usual.
all night i was not able to sleep, fearing you would come and wake me.
and one only stays in bed for two reasons, one for sleep, and i had neither of them,
you should have seen the faces of the boys, they where sure that you where a boy too!
i come to sing for you the song that i learned
it is no longer possible to suffer the anguish of my lonelyness
good bye to the one i gave my heart to the love that was my dream that tropical night goodbye
and how could i leave without saying goodbye to you, man?
and besides, these christians entangled me to give them a hand, and here i am.
ok, allright, let me just change from these rags and we go, ok
and you will get it if you don't wait this time!
once a week, namely every wednesday i take my children to the sea.
every wednesday to the sea, every saturday to the cinema... every thursday to the museum...
çe's the god of poor fathers with girls that must be married.
i should light a candle to this god, if it exists.
that i'll of course give you back as soon as i have it.
400,000 francs may not be much but i thought i was doing the right thing.
actually, i would quite like to take charge of a customer's interests without worrying about conventions, or the bank's interests.
and according to you, mr... what's the name of that man who's in charge of my business at your bank?
it's a great honor for us, and a pity too since we're losing you.
mrs. delaroche, in the name of our city, congratulations and best wishes.
a rolls and a driver will wait on the quay as soon as we disembark.
i've also made a list of museums and churches worth visiting.
"for you live in all women and all women are you.
"and all love that is, is me, burning for you like a flame. "
i bequeath to my son the full property of my personal and landed property which consist of:
the properties listed here and all my possessions consisting of shares, bonds in france and abroad.
there is no doubt that, with the good taste which is yours, you were able to call upon the best of our biggest stars from the stage and screen.
she'd nevertheless wish to have a few details on the program of this artistic event, particularly as regards the choice of the feature movie that is to close this beautiful event.
madame, the sorrow that overwhelms me as you enter your resting place forces me to make a poor speech quite unworthy of your invaluable merits.
from now on, deprived forever of your presence, our affection will go to your memory.
so, the next battle, would be to us the final showdown.
i believe our army, under commander oyama, will fight their best to the final victory.
the principal aim of our mission is reached, but... if we can't make it back, all this is useless.
at least one of us... even if seriously injured, lie on horseback, or crawl back, he must make it back.
this way i see that the russians have... the support of chinese civilians and soldiers.
from now on, we must see the chinese as our enemies.
papa always told the servants, there was no excuse for carelessness.
even when one is always alone, it doesn't do to let down.
i have to cut up your meat, stanley, and i'm rather dreading it.
i always pick up my steak and chops with a fork to put them in the pan.
now, i hope this will discourage you from sneaking into mr. rinditch's apartment, stanley.
that man is not fit for anyone, not even a cat to associate with.
you may not like it but it's for your own good.
see, it says, "$5 reward for return", and it gives our name and address.
then he'll go out around 8:00 and do his round of the bars and be back at 10:00 with that much again.
the amount of the fine is irrelevant, jenkins, this is a matter of principle.
even if i can't prove that i did it, why do you think jenkins did it?
at 7:00 this morning, before the murder was discovered, a police officer found jenkins trying to sink a bag in the river.
well, he must have discovered the body and been unable to resist the money.
i suppose he thought he could get rid of the bag, hide the money and the police would think that the murderer had taken it.
well, i suppose i must just do as he says, try to relax and not think about it.
but it does seem a little hard on jenkins, undesirable as he is.
i didn't want to get blood on it, so i took off my glove,
i took the collar out of the basket and put it in the front of my dress.
papa always told the servants, there was no excuse for carelessness.
even when one is always alone, it doesn't do to let down.
i have to cut up your meat, stanley, and i'm rather dreading it.
i always pick up my steak and chops with a fork to put them in the pan.
now, i hope this will discourage you from sneaking into mr. rinditch's apartment, stanley.
that man is not fit for anyone, not even a cat to associate with.
you may not like it but it's for your own good.
see, it says, "$5 reward for return", and it gives our name and address.
then he'll go out around 8:00 and do his round of the bars and be back at 10:00 with that much again.
the amount of the fine is irrelevant, jenkins, this is a matter of principle.
even if i can't prove that i did it, why do you think jenkins did it?
at 7:00 this morning, before the murder was discovered, a police officer found jenkins trying to sink a bag in the river.
well, he must have discovered the body and been unable to resist the money.
i suppose he thought he could get rid of the bag, hide the money and the police would think that the murderer had taken it.
well, i suppose i must just do as he says, try to relax and not think about it.
but it does seem a little hard on jenkins, undesirable as he is.
i didn't want to get blood on it, so i took off my glove,
i took the collar out of the basket and put it in the front of my dress.
well, it may not be long before i'll be one of them.
'i've got a feeling, the army is blowing down my neck.'
just that never knowing when you're going to get called up.
what's the use of starting a job you're going to leave.
that's the sort of thing i can see dee doing, not you.
i'll bet dee's doing it right now and having the time--
he's made it his primary mission in life to get me a girl.
he seems to think i need the same kinda set up like he has with delia.
'the official communicate goes on to report' 'that the six months long battle for guadalcanal' 'is now in its final stages.'
'casualties are heavy, and more american marines' 'have been flown to new zealand for hospitalization.'
'along with the displeasure of the point of attack' 'of theamerican marines' 'came reports of staggering numbers of casualties.'
'the marine landing on tarawa' 'may perhaps be the costliest operation' 'to date in the pacific war.'
i've been given the hazardous duty of checking on girls that americans wanna marry.
i looked over the forms that bates filled out and i've interviewed your minister, your friends your neighbors and you're as good as married.
you know these guys come in and they say they never knew what true love was before they met the girl.
well, the truth is, they, they never knew what real loneliness was before they came here.
and tomorrow morning the office will be swarming with guys with hangovers muttering that they never knew what true love was before and please can they marry the girl.
i've got a car with some $100 punch in the glove compartment.
god rest all the men who fought for us all over the world.
god rest the americans who were with us 'and the nice ones who've been to our house.'
evelyn, for a week you've done nothing but ask tommy questions.
well, i could've been interested in a big batch of these scones.
i-i've got a good job promised to me in oakland after my leave.
and i've, i've managed to save up some from my army pay..
your government did not want undesirables such as, shall we say, racketeers and gangsters.
'now, of course, you wouldn't want' 'people like that in america.'
'an american officer took the stand to disclose' 'the sensational nature..'
barbara after they release me here, probably tonight they're gonna fly me up to wellington and then a ship home.
blessed art thou amongst women, and blessed is the fruit of thy womb, jesus.
holy mary, mother of god, pray for us sinners now and at the hour of our death.
why, i'm sure it's nothing... to what you have been through, mr. allison.
we was on a sub, lying off some island with a code name.
so the skipper takes the sub down, which is according to his book, but a little tough on us gyrenes.
we're crawling around there in the water, and suddenly the jap boat starts dropping depth charges.
it's a cinch you'd like fish, with your religion and all.
you know, the guys in the corps, the ones who go to see the chaplain the night before an attack, have to eat fish on friday, we call them mackerel snap...
you know, the other day when we was up there, i spotted a cave.
might not be a bad idea for us to spend the next few nights in that cave, till we get that raft finished and shove off.
fact is, ma'am, you've had your last look at the outside... for a pretty long time.
with that, uh, white nun's dress, you won't dare stick your nose outside... even at night, if there's a moon.
you mean, um, you still, uh, if you wanted to, that is, y-you still could, like, uh, pull out?
i could... if my mind and my heart were not made up.
i'll fix a lean-to for you on the hill... so you can duck into the cave quick-like if you have to.
what do you think is going to happen next, mr. allison?
so, uh, that's why i want to ask you to marry me.
i want to look after you, not only while we're here, but, uh, for the rest of our lives.
the navy'll cease fire just before our guys hit the beach.
that's when the japanese will come crawlin' out of their holes... and open up with those 105s.
keep their heads down for another half hour, and you leave the rest to allison.
mr. allison, are you sure it's god you're obeying... and not your own natural desire to take part in the fighting?
our instructions were to close the mission and go to fiji... but father phillips wouldn't leave without fatherjohn ryan... who was alone here at tuasiva.
it was against the ship's orders to come for us... so father phillips prevailed upon some natives... to bring us in a sailing craft.
why, i'm sure it's nothing... to what you have been through, mr. allison.
we was on a sub... lying off some island with a code name.
so the skipper takes the sub down... which is according to his book... but a little tough on us gyrines.
we're crawling around there in the water... and suddenly thejap boat starts dropping depth charges.
you know, with all the things there are to eat on this island--
there's breadfruit, mangoes, papaya... not to mention the fish in the sea--
well, isn't there any chance of our own forces landing here?
well, the brass planned to bypass a lot of these islands... on their way to tokyo.
everything would be against our making it, everything... even if there weren't japs all around... and we could sneak through them.
what i mean is that nobody in their right minds... would want to leave this place... where's there's plenty to eat and good water... and go sailing off to hell and gone--
every sunday, some skinny old crack used to come around... and go on about what cigarettes will do to your insides and... things.
but i broke out of there when i was 1 4.
then i seen the light... and i started being a marine.
other guys, you know, most of them... they got homes, families.
there ain't much we won't know about this cave... before we're through.
fact is, ma'am, you've had your last look at the outside... for a pretty long time.
i'll fix a lean-to for you on the hill... so you can duck into the cave quick-like if you have to.
what do you think is going to happen next, mr. allison?
so, uh... that's why i want to ask you to marry me.
i want to look after you... not only while we're here, but, uh... for the rest of our lives.
all we got is it and each other... like adam and eve.
like, uh... like we was the first two people on the earth... and this is the garden of eden.
blessed art thou amongst women and blessed is the fruit of thy womb, jesus.
holy mary, mother of god, pray for us sinners now and at the hour of our death.
we were told to close the mission and go to fiji, but father phillips wouldn't leave without father john ryan, who was alone here at tuasiva.
it was against the ship's orders to come for us so father phillips prevailed on some natives to bring us in a sailing craft.
we was on a sub, lying off some island with a code name.
my party was supposed to go ashore and do a recon.
so the skipper takes the sub down, which is according to his book but a little tough on us gyrenes.
we're crawling around in the water and the jap boat drops depth charges.
well, isn't there any chance of our own forces landing here?
well, the brass plan to bypass a lot of these islands on their way to tokyo.
even if there weren't japs around and we could sneak through.
nobody in their right mind would want to leave this place where there's plenty to eat and good water and sail off to hell and gone...
it took a lot of working over, but they're the ones could do it.
my first d.i., that's drill instructor, ma'am when i was a recruit he says, " lad, i'm gonna make you hate my guts."
holy virgin, mother of god, after him my only hope my good angel, holy patroness.
intercede for me and protect me during this night, all my life long particularly at the hour of my death.
well, when they find nothing, will they leave, do you think?
from the stuff they're bringing, i'd say they're gonna make a weather station.
fact is, you've had your last look at the outside for a pretty long time.
with that white nun's dress, you won't dare stick your nose outside.
look, for the sake of my morale, ma'am, let's not have any more talk like that.
as far as feeding another mouth is concerned, leave that to the marines.
you know, i bet your hair was long and yellow and wavy.
didn't bother you to have it cut off like that, huh?
you still, if you wanted to, you still could... pull out?
i could, if my mind and my heart were not made up.
like just before an attack, he asks himself, " which is better?
a dead husband or a bad marine?" he ends up both.
he's only a marine, but he is a good man, brave and very, very honest.
i implore thee when his time comes to be merciful and receive him into thy holy presence.
the navy'll cease fire just before our guys hit the beach.
then the japanese'll come crawling out and open up with the 105's.
our instructions were to close the mission and go to fiji... but father phillips wouldn't leave without father john ryan... who was alone here at tuasiva.
it was against the ship's orders to come for us... so father phillips prevailed upon some natives... to bring us in a sailing craft.
why, i'm sure it's nothing... to what you have been through, mr. allison.
we was on a sub... lying off some island with a code name.
so the skipper takes the sub down... which is according to his book... but a little tough on us gyrines.
we're crawling around there in the water... and suddenly the jap boat starts dropping depth charges.
you know, with all the things there are to eat on this island...
there's breadfruit, mangoes, papaya... not to mention the fish in the sea...
well, isn't there any chance of our own forces landing here?
well, the brass planned to bypass a lot of these islands... on their way to tokyo.
it's a cinch you'd like fish... with your religion and all.
you know, the guys in the corps... the ones who go to see the chaplain the night before an attack... have to eat fish on friday... we call them mackerel snap...
then i seen the light... and i started being a marine.
other guys, you know, most of them... they got homes, families.
fact is, ma'am, you've had your last look at the outside... for a pretty long time.
with that, uh, white nun's dress... you won't dare stick your nose outside... even at night, if there's a moon.
you mean, um... you still, uh... if you wanted to, that is... y-you still could, like, uh... pull out?
i could... if my mind and my heart were not made up.
i'll fix a lean-to for you on the hill... so you can duck into the cave quick-like if you have to.
what do you think is going to happen next, mr. allison?
so, uh... that's why i want to ask you to marry me.
i want to look after you... not only while we're here, but, uh... for the rest of our lives.
all we got is it and each other... like adam and eve.
like, uh... like we was the first two people on the earth... and this is the garden of eden.
he's only a-a marine... but he is a good man, brave and very, very honest.
i humbly implore thee when his time comes, to be merciful... and receive him into thy holy presence.
the navy'll cease fire just before our guys hit the beach.
that's when the japanese will come crawlin' out of their holes... and open up with those 105s.
keep their heads down for another half hour... and you leave the rest to allison.
mr. allison, are you sure it's god you're obeying... and not your own natural desire... to take part in the fighting?
why, i'm sure it's nothing... to what you have been through, mr. allison.
we was on a sub, lying off some island with a code name.
so the skipper takes the sub down, which is according to his book, but a little tough on us gyrenes.
we're crawling around there in the water, and suddenly the jap boat starts dropping depth charges.
it's a cinch you'd like fish, with your religion and all.
you know, the guys in the corps, the ones who go to see the chaplain the night before an attack, have to eat fish on friday, we call them mackerel snap...
then i seen the light, and i started being a marine.
other guys, you know, most of them, they got homes, families.
you know, the other day when we was up there, i spotted a cave.
might not be a bad idea for us to spend the next few nights in that cave, till we get that raft finished and shove off.
fact is, ma'am, you've had your last look at the outside... for a pretty long time.
with that, uh, white nun's dress, you won't dare stick your nose outside... even at night, if there's a moon.
you mean, um, you still, uh, if you wanted to, that is, y-you still could, like, uh, pull out?
i could... if my mind and my heart were not made up.
he's only a-a marine, but he is a good man, brave and very, very honest.
i humbly implore thee when his time comes, to be merciful... and receive him into thy holy presence.
blessed art thou amongst women... and blessed is the fruit of thy womb, jesus.
holy mary, mother of god, pray for us sinners now and at the hour of our death.
we was on a sub... lying off some island with a code name.
my party was supposed to go ashore... and do a recon.
everything would be against our making it, everything... even if there weren't japs all around... and we could sneak through them.
what i mean is that nobody in their right minds... would want to leave this place... where's there's plenty to eat and good water... and go sailing off to hell and gone...
you know, the other day when we was up there, i spotted a cave.
might not be a bad idea for us to spend the next few nights in that cave... till we get that raft finished and shove off.
there ain't much we won't know about this cave... before we're through.
fact is, ma'am, you've had your last look at the outside... for a pretty long time.
with that, uh, white nun's dress... you won't dare stick your nose outside... even at night, if there's a moon.
i'm going to ask you to sit down... and be real quiet.
i'm sure they would respect my vocation... and do me no harm.
maybe you're right, i don't know... but that's just the point:
look, for the sake of my morale, ma'am... let's, uh... let's not have any more talk like that, huh?
as far as feeding another mouth is concerned... you leave that to the marines.
you know, i bet your hair... was long and yellow and wavy.
didn't bother you to have it cut off like that, huh?
i said i was to have taken... my final vows next month.
you mean, um... you still, uh... if you wanted to, that is... y-you still could, like, uh... pull out?
captain, my truth, if we do not go quickly, we will not go.
i would love to save my beauty as a suitcase full of dress.
yeahn did he tell you how much he cost us in compensation?
he couldn't handle the loads, not at the speeds we want.
if you and spaghetti try any more of them stock tactics on me, i'll show you a thing or two you haven't even heard about.
the trouble is, when i teach them, it's the hard way.
- but we ahh got rnicked except hnim - red come away from thnat door r d t's bt ts a y o m a w s o't car at t's abott!
get back to your rooms thnis mirnute or h'hh hay irnto you withn thnis poker red: ahh righnt we'hh be seeirng hnim tu: ahh righnt yehhow behhy we'hh get you tomorrow
there's only the lousiest jobs, no money and nobody wants you.
w took t s o as long as you're behind the wheel, you can go anywhere.
tom, today, you proved to me that you are a great driver.
o o c o roo, oooo g o if you had a clear road, bah yeah, if i had a clear road.
they don't care how many of you it kills, as long as they can split their extra l200 every week.
why do you think they specialise in hiring drifters like you and gino who let themselves be hustled for money?
why, you cheap lag you think that i don't know that you've been driving without a licence?
how long do you think you'll stay out, with your record?
did he tell you how much he cost us in compensation?
he couldn't handle the loads, not at the speeds we wanted.
i, uh, i see on the progress report that you didn't break any records today.
ah, gino went off the road, i had to help him.
the trouble is, when i teach them, it's the the hard way.
maybe afterwards you won't be in any condition to use them.
if i was to knock it off your head might go with it.
well, i'm the last man who'd wanna walk around without a head.
it's not fair, if two people feel the same way about each other what's wrong with admitting it?
i suppose you're the type who'd like to see two men shooting it out over you.
must've been some other bill i was told to look for.
yeah, maybe you invented the whole story so you can walk off with my girl?
there's only the lousiest jobs and no money, and nobody wants you, so well, i took this one.
well, as long as you're behind the wheel, you can go anywhere.
eddie, take the recovery truck and get out there right away.
write off or no write off, she'll be good for some spares.
i think you'd better get out before you say something you might regret.
about the money you and red are grabbing by running us short-handed?
you think that i don't know that you've been driving without a licence?
how long do you think you'll stay out with your record?
did he tell you how much he cost us in compensation?
he couldn't handle the loads, not at the speeds we wanted.
now, you see, we get the stock from that pit field.
you bring it round on this belt, up to the ballast office.
i, uh, i see on the progress report that you didn't break any records today.
ah, gino went off the road, i had to help him.
if you and spaghetti try any more of them stop tactics on me i'll show you a thing or two you haven't even heard about.
the trouble is, when i teach them, it's the the hard way.
that means i'll be watchin' yer from two directions at once.
to beat yer on the road and to beat yer down, when you get out of line.
there's only the lousiest jobs and no money, and nobody wants you, so well, i took this one.
well, as long as you're behind the wheel, you can go anywhere.
of course i may be wrong, and i'm willing to learn.
why don't you get in and tell me all about it?
if you and spaghetti try any more of them stock tactics on me,
i'll show you a thing or two you haven't even heard about.
the trouble is, when i teach them, it's the hard way.
maybe afterwards, you won't be in any condition to use them.
if i was to knock it off, your head might go with it.
well, i'm the last man who'd want to walk around without a head.
tom, today, you proved to me that you are a great driver.
oh well, you can be brave, but everybody is against you.
they don't care how many of you it kills, as long as they can split their extra 200 every week.
why do you think they specialise in hiring drifters like you and gino who let themselves be hustled for money?
i think you'd better go before you say something you might regret.
about the money you and red have been grabbing by running us short-handed?
of course i may be wrong, and i'm willing to learn.
why don't you get in and tell me all about it?
if you and spaghetti try any more of them stock tactics on me,
i'll show you a thing or two you haven't even heard about.
the trouble is, when i teach them, it's the hard way.
maybe afterwards, you won't be in any condition to use them.
if i was to knock it off, your head might go with it.
well, i'm the last man who'd want to walk around without a head.
tom, today, you proved to me that you are a great driver.
oh well, you can be brave, but everybody is against you.
they don't care how many of you it kills, as long as they can split their extra 200 every week.
why do you think they specialise in hiring drifters like you and gino who let themselves be hustled for money?
i think you'd better go before you say something you might regret.
about the money you and red have been grabbing by running us short-handed?
i feel that the cow has been very much overrated as a performer.
by way of further contrast, my portion of tonight's potpourri will have a definite eastern flavor.
about 100 miles out in the middle of the mojave desert.
that's why you were driving a truck when they picked you up.
with a broken leg, 40 feet deep in a hole in the desert.
when you come back with somebody else to get it, next week or next month,
i'm not gonna die with the sun burning into that white skin.
i'm not going to be screaming out for water while it eats my eyes out.
i feel that the cow has been very much overrated as a performer.
by way of further contrast, my portion of tonight's potpourri will have a definite eastern flavor.
if you'd walked into that motel and asked for me, they'd have had you, too.
well, the main thing is you're out and the money is safe.
you need a car, you need clothes, you need a stake.
you've gotta get that money and get out of the country as fast as you can.
that, i'm sure is enough mystery to last until next time when we shall return with another story.
now we come to that part of the program for which you have all been waiting.
i am now a graduate student at the conservatory not as homesick as i used to be, because i have some fine friends.
especially the reverend seth parton, he's a young divinity student who conducts chapel for us at the conservatory.
but seth has to go and work on his new sermon.
i'm sure nobody would go to sleep when you preach, young man.
a judgment has been given against the estate at the courthouse.
now, you heard what the sheriff said and i'm warning you i aim to sell all you all, vendue, dicker or cry off, every last one.
don't you talk about my father that way, you white trash.
i can't say i like what i gotta do but i call you all to witness.
- amantha, it is sworn and affirmed that you are the issue of the body of a slave called louisa the chattel of aaron pendleton starr, deceased.
and as her issue, you are declared by the law of this commonwealth to be a chattel of starrwood, subject to any claims against the estate.
i get you a nice cabin, treat you like you was a lady but you don't seem to appreciate it.
but any more shenanigans and i'm gonna chain you to a post down there with them hot-natured blacks and i ain't gonna care what happens just so they don't bruise you too bad, you hear?
i've placed the bills of sale for cotton on your desk.
the price goes high on the english market since louisiana and the others seceded.
i want you to stay in new orleans and watch it.
keep everything in the storehouse until we get the price we figured on, then ship it out quick.
so we locked arms, stepped off a few paces then charged like pampas bulls.
and we kept on charging till we cracked the blockage of the portholes of the great sultan of the house.
and i guess i'm the only one who can give you your chance.
when i get off the boat at pointe du loup you'll continue all the way upriver to cincinnati.
one usually suffers a disillusionment on facing the reality, but not this time.
it was a poverty of words which tried to describe you.
and i'll need it because i'm not as expert as you.
but i don't have to be because the deepest thing in you is a coward.
and you can see yourself now lying on the floor bleeding like a stuck hog.
how does it feel, charles, to know just what's going to happen to you?
i wanted to prove that i could still hold onto somebody i loved.
and i guess i had to know just what you'd do.
but don't get the idea that it was all white man's wickedness.
my chief partner was old gezo a black king who drank rum out of gold-mounted skulls while the buzzards sat around waiting for him to start to slaughter.
yup, old gezo and his tribe left nothing alive once they raided a village.
well, nothing that is but the good ones, which i had to pay hard cash for.
and when the unfits were called out for the buzzards we'd truss the captives to poles and march them through the jungle to the coast.
the ones that couldn't stand the march gezo and his cutthroats would feed to the sharks behind the reef.
the rest were put in barricades until i can haul them out to my ship.
and what went on in that prison, a thousand locked up that way they sounded like dogs, moon howling and moaning.
he's relocating them on carpetbagging plantations where the yankees will use their whip and pay no wages.
if we could live another 100 years, we'd probably see white justice for blacks.
but to me, you are still the master of the land.
and i knew you'd be heading this way for your old belle helene plantation.
these last few weeks have been my happiest since i left home.
does there happen to be a very lonely girl back there?
there aren't sufficient hours in the day to aid one's humble effort towards the ends of human justice.
but it seems you've taking your ease in large doses lately.
not much the way i used to sell them, in bulk.
i remembered that night in africa, the night we burned the village.
flames leaping to the top of the jungle, a million bats squeaking in the sky.
and that's when i saw the woman get a spear in her.
i, like an idiot, jumped in the middle and got his spear clean through my leg.
but i let him have it with my ship's knife, right through his crocodile belly.
i guess that was the other fellow with me, not hamish bond.
that started me slashing at gezo's men like they were the enemy.
the agonies, the torments, the humiliations all these are the natural elements from which the key is forged.
the key that opens the vistas of new worlds and new lives.
i'll have a couple of my men deliver him to general butler personally.
corporal, order the rest of my men to search the premises.
i know you're a man of honor and you're only thinking of my good.
i've decided to let you have whatever glory and bounty that's due this occasion.
i don't want you to leave me, manty, but this is just a little place in a great big world.
someday you'll come back to it-- miss amantha starr, a great lady with a head full of learning.
i get you a nice cabin, treat you like a lady, but you don't appreciate it.
but any more shenanigans, and i'll chain you with them hot-natured blacks.
i thought it would open the door to friendship and other essentials more important than power.
i believed it was everything-- a drug for loneliness, a painkiller for certain memories, the whole apothecary shop for every problem of life.
i've placed the bills of sale for the cotton on your desk, monsieur.
the price goes high on the english markets since louisiana and the others seceded.
"and i wish to deposit in your fort the modest sum of $2 million."
those two bags that you'd been carrying through the dives of sodom and gomorrah for two nights and a day-- you opened them up and twirled like a whirling dervish till you buried him up to his starting eyeballs
♪ give me some time to blow the man down ♪
♪ give me some time to blow the man down ♪
i guess i'm the only one who can give you your chance.
when i get off the boat at pointe du loup, you'll continue upriver to cincinnati.
one usually suffers a disillusionment on facing the reality, but not this time.
it was a poverty of words which tried to describe you.
because the deepest thing in you is a coward, and you can see yourself now lying on the floor, bleeding like a stuck hog.
how does it feel to know just what's going to happen to you?
but don't get the idea that it was all white man's wickedness.
my chief partner was old geezo, a black king who drank rum out of gold-mounted skulls while the buzzards sat around, waiting for him to start the slaughter.
geezo and his cutthroats would feed to the sharks behind the reef.
the rest were put in barricades until i could haul them out to my ship.
i can still hear them, the puking and the screaming and the praying...
packed into slave shelves with hardly any turning room, like, uh, like herring in a barrel of salt.
you know, i had plans for us-- leave all this behind.
step out to the indies where i still have some holdings.
not a lot because i put nigh all i had into confederate.
this paper shows you're a freed woman, keep you from getting picked up by the yankees.
general order number 28-- it is hereby ordered that if any female of new orleans, by word, movement, or gesture, should insult or show contempt for any officer or soldier of the united states...
"she shall be regarded as a woman of the town, plying her avocation.
yes, monsieur, but to me you are still the master of the land.
i knew you'd be heading this way for your old belle helene plantation.
seen anything of that reb that's burned out half of louisiana?
i heard some noises going through over there, and i kept praying that it wasn't hamish bond.
with you i could forget i'm in the army, that i'm even a yankee.
indeed, i almost forgot what brought me here this afternoon-- dreary bit of rules and regulations.
you still believe in the equality of all peoples, regardless of color?
my beliefs remain firm, amantha, although tempered somewhat with a larger knowledge of life.
it's pretty hard for me to get the shakes over the likes of you...
because i've known you since you were no bigger than a shucked oyster.
not much the way i used to sell them-- in bulk.
i remember that night in africa, the night we burned the village.
i guess that was the biggest grab i ever made, but i stood in the middle and watched the unfit nigras get massacred by my partner geezo and his blacks.
flames leaping to the top of the jungle, a million bats squeaking in the sky.
one of geezo's men took a spear swipe at the young'un.
i jumped in the middle and got his spear clean through my leg, but i let him have it with my ship's knife, right through his crocodile belly.
i--i guess that was the other fellow in me, not hamish bond.
that started me slashing at geezo's men like they were the enemy.
the agonies, the torments, the humiliations-- all these are the natural elements from which the key is forged.
the key that opens the vistas of new worlds and new lives.
i see what you mean, and, uh, under such circumstances, uh, well, let's look at it this way.
you take the money, sergeant, and allow me to take the, uh, military credit.
father, why isn't she buried over yonder with our other folks?
well, manty, i told you i wanted your mother near the house, where she'd be closer to me, to you.
you get up and get yourself up out of my kitchen.
out of my kitchen right now, before i hit you upside your--
i am now a graduate student at the conservatory not as homesick as i used to be, because i have some fine friends.
especially the reverend seth parton, he's a young divinity student who conducts chapel for us at the conservatory.
but seth has to go and work on his new sermon.
i'm sure nobody would go to sleep when you preach, young man.
a judgment has been given against the estate at the courthouse.
now, you heard what the sheriff said and i'm warning you i aim to sell all you all, vendue, dicker or cry off, every last one.
don't you talk about my father that way, you white trash.
i can't say i like what i gotta do but i call you all to witness.
- amantha, it is sworn and affirmed that you are the issue of the body of a slave called louisa the chattel of aaron pendleton starr, deceased.
and as her issue, you are declared by the law of this commonwealth to be a chattel of starrwood, subject to any claims against the estate.
i get you a nice cabin, treat you like you was a lady but you don't seem to appreciate it.
but any more shenanigans and i'm gonna chain you to a post down there with them hot-natured blacks and i ain't gonna care what happens just so they don't bruise you too bad, you hear?
i've placed the bills of sale for cotton on your desk.
the price goes high on the english market since louisiana and the others seceded.
i want you to stay in new orleans and watch it.
keep everything in the storehouse until we get the price we figured on, then ship it out quick.
so we locked arms, stepped off a few paces then charged like pampas bulls.
and we kept on charging till we cracked the blockage of the portholes of the great sultan of the house.
and i guess i'm the only one who can give you your chance.
when i get off the boat at pointe du loup you'll continue all the way upriver to cincinnati.
one usually suffers a disillusionment on facing the reality, but not this time.
it was a poverty of words which tried to describe you.
and i'll need it because i'm not as expert as you.
but i don't have to be because the deepest thing in you is a coward.
and you can see yourself now lying on the floor bleeding like a stuck hog.
how does it feel, charles, to know just what's going to happen to you?
i wanted to prove that i could still hold onto somebody i loved.
and i guess i had to know just what you'd do.
my chief partner was old gezo a black king who drank rum out of gold-mounted skulls while the buzzards sat around waiting for him to start to slaughter.
yup, old gezo and his tribe left nothing alive once they raided a village.
well, nothing that is but the good ones, which i had to pay hard cash for.
and when the unfits were called out for the buzzards we'd truss the captives to poles and march them through the jungle to the coast.
the ones that couldn't stand the march gezo and his cutthroats would feed to the sharks behind the reef.
the rest were put in barricades until i can haul them out to my ship.
if we could live another 100 years, we'd probably see white justice for blacks.
we'd know by then that men don't make history but are shaped by history, and history takes its time.
it is hereby ordered that if any female of new orleans by word, movement or gesture would insult or show contempt for any officer or soldier of the united states....
"she shall be regarded and treated as a woman of the town plying her avocation.
maybe he'd have a friend somewhere who'd be helping him to live rather than wanting to see him die.
but i guess all the fires of retribution are not in the hereafter.
our soldier's a fine landlubber of a gentleman, he wanted to be.
and it's requiring an army of vast proportions to send him back to sea again.
you'll get a thousand dollars for me, that's a pretty fair prize for a beginner.
not much the way i used to sell them, in bulk.
but i stood in the middle and watched the unfit negroes get massacred by my partner, gezo, and his blacks.
flames leaping to the top of the jungle, a million bats squeaking in the sky.
i took her aboard my ship once but she got home fever so i send her back to her jungle.
but there she was now, dying, sprawled out on the ground trying to protect something underneath her.
then one of gezo's men took a spear swipe at the young'un.
i, like an idiot, jumped in the middle and got his spear clean through my leg.
but i let him have it with my ship's knife, right through his crocodile belly.
i guess that was the other fellow with me, not hamish bond.
old gezo thought it was a good joke, me all mixed up, fighting on the other side.
and then he reached down and picked up the kid and handed it to me.
well, bond, i've hunted game in my day, and if it's any compliment to you you're the toughest old grizzly i ever caught.
that's no compliment from a blue-belly who hasn't been weaned yet.
father, why isn't she buried over yonder with our other folks?
well, manty, i told you i wanted your mother near the house, where she'd be closer to me, to you.
you get up and get yourself up out of my kitchen.
out of my kitchen right now, before i hit you upside your...
"as you know, father will be in cincinnati this weekend and i am taking seth to meet him at a tea which miss idell my french teacher, is giving for me and some of the girls from my dormitory.
she's quite fascinating, and father seems to think so too. "
you should have heard his last sermon, "plowing under the wicked."
well, today, amantha, i am troubled by a graver subject more than anything you heard in that sermon.
them that's on this invoice, you deliver to franklin where i got a coffle awaiting to be shipped.
the rest of them, just drop them off at robard's market.
mr. aaron starr was the fine gentleman that kept borrowing money from me so he could go sporting over in cincinnati.
don't you talk about my father that way, you white trash.
i can't say i like what i gotta do but i call you all to witness.
do you state and affirm that you go by the name of amantha starr?
oh, you gonna bring a right pretty price from one of them dandy's in new orleans.
you know, i'm kind of glad this is gonna be a long trip.
but any more shenanigans and i'm gonna chain you to a post down there with them hot-natured blacks and i ain't gonna care what happens just so they don't bruise you too bad, you hear?
i know, i've got money tied up in you but i'd rather let them wear a couple of hundred dollars' worth off you than to get a lot of worriment.
now, ladies and gentlemen, a flower of kentucky in the bloom of youth.
but why go into details about something fit to ornament a drawing room?
because you were on the slave block, somebody else was bound to bid you in.
i saw a fellow with laced cuffs putting his hands on you.
what easy wind in a thousand ports, all across the blinking world.
i remember well the first day you ever came to this gaudy, wicked city.
and i wish to deposit in your forts the modest sum of $2 million."
those two bags that you had been carrying through the dives of sodom and gomorrah for two nights and a day you opened them up and twirled like a whirling dervish till you buried him up to his starting eyeballs in gold notes.
i took his ship and i took his name, hamish bond.
that old seadog who came here tonight brought it all back to me like it was yesterday.
it was a poverty of words which tried to describe you.
monsieur seems to be using a lot of words to discuss nothing.
please, this is no time to be smug about your own well-being.
i want you to use your influence with my negroes, hamish.
when a man uses a whip, you know what there is to fight against.
but this kindness, it's a trap that can hold you in bondage forever.
i put the sheriff and his hounds onto that rau-ru of yours.
i want to see the look on your face when they bring him in.
oh, you'll hit me but i'll still be taking my time.
you'll try to finish me quick between the eyes or in the heart and you'll miss.
you know when i set my head on doing a thing, i do it.
yeah, all the time, i'll be aiming right at your guts.
but i don't have to be because the deepest thing in you is a coward.
and you can see yourself now lying on the floor bleeding like a stuck hog.
i let him hang around you because i wanted to prove something.
i wanted to prove that i could still hold onto somebody i loved.
i'll help burn your field, mr. stuart, and you can help me burn mine.
i knew damn well, sir, you would never take an order from any man.
my chief partner was old gezo a black king who drank rum out of gold-mounted skulls while the buzzards sat around waiting for him to start to slaughter.
yup, old gezo and his tribe left nothing alive once they raided a village.
well, nothing that is but the good ones, which i had to pay hard cash for.
and when the unfits were called out for the buzzards we'd truss the captives to poles and march them through the jungle to the coast.
the ones that couldn't stand the march gezo and his cutthroats would feed to the sharks behind the reef.
the rest were put in barricades until i can haul them out to my ship.
if we could live another 100 years, we'd probably see white justice for blacks.
we'd know by then that men don't make history but are shaped by history, and history takes its time.
it is hereby ordered that if any female of new orleans by word, movement or gesture would insult or show contempt for any officer or soldier of the united states...
"she shall be regarded and treated as a woman of the town plying her avocation.
maybe he'd have a friend somewhere who'd be helping him to live rather than wanting to see him die.
but i guess all the fires of retribution are not in the hereafter.
our soldier's a fine landlubber of a gentleman, he wanted to be.
and it's requiring an army of vast proportions to send him back to sea again.
you'll get a thousand dollars for me, that's a pretty fair prize for a beginner.
not much the way i used to sell them, in bulk.
but i stood in the middle and watched the unfit negroes get massacred by my partner, gezo, and his blacks.
flames leaping to the top of the jungle, a million bats squeaking in the sky.
i took her aboard my ship once but she got home fever so i send her back to her jungle.
but there she was now, dying, sprawled out on the ground trying to protect something underneath her.
then one of gezo's men took a spear swipe at the young'un.
i, like an idiot, jumped in the middle and got his spear clean through my leg.
but i let him have it with my ship's knife, right through his crocodile belly.
i guess that was the other fellow with me, not hamish bond.
old gezo thought it was a good joke, me all mixed up, fighting on the other side.
and then he reached down and picked up the kid and handed it to me.
well, bond, i've hunted game in my day, and if it's any compliment to you you're the toughest old grizzly i ever caught.
that's no compliment from a blue-belly who hasn't been weaned yet.
you are aware, lady wren, are you not, that if certain statements... made in your book are faése or miséeading... then ìadam ducros has been most crueééy éibeéed... for which she can justéy céaim damages.
the story of my éife in the theater may read éike fiction... but everything é've written in that book happened exactéy as é remembered it.
that is not for us, but for the jury to decide.
wasn't that éast observation a comment rather than a question, sir percy?
do you swear under oath that that is to be the truth?
é'm not a féighty woman who deéiberateéy fabricates something... to injure the reputation of ìadam ducros.
angeée's gonna have to be better than houdini to get out of this one.
our éittée french souffée may soon become the pudding... if she does not take care.
what wouéd you say, if é toéd you that pierre ducros wiéé swear, under oath... that he was not in the ìusic haéé parisien that night.
that he'd never been inside the ìusic haéé parisien in 1949... or any other year in his entire éifetime?
ìy dear sir percy, if you'éé refer to my book again...
é think you'éé notice that never at any time did é say é saw him.
why don't you teéé ìy lord and jury just what did happen, in your own words.
é'm sure my éearned friend can have no objections to that.
she had been very nice to me since i had joined the company.
we always did the marketing for our little family and we didn't mind... that sybil had no interest in such common domestic duties.
now then, there's one thing é insist on in my act... péenty of compéications.
é won't interfere with your private éives if you watch my three p's:
é don't doubt what she toéd me, é mereéy questioned the wisdom of it.
sybié, é do understand why you want things to go on as they are.
ét wouédn't hurt you two girés to stay home once in a whiée....
stay home once in a whiée and read a book because....
you and joy couéd do superbéy, just the two of you.
do you know what a dirty trick you're asking me to puéé?
you see, the connection on that oéd heater was aéways coming éoose.
when the girés recovered they never saw each other again so... naturaééy they each thought the other had turned on the gas.
én view of what we have just heard... the counseé may wish to reconsider their course of action.
ìadam ducros came into court to protect her reputation... not for monetary consideration.
the story of my life in the theatre may read like fiction... but everything i've written in that book happened exactly as i remembered it.
that is not for us, but for the jury to decide.
now, in chapter seven, which you've entitled "all for love"... you suggest that madam ducros not only attempted suicide for the love of a man, but for a man who was not then, and is not now, her husband.
do you swear under oath that that is to be the truth?
i'm not a flighty woman who deliberately fabricates something... to injure the reputation of madam ducros.
had i realized she was going to materialize out of the past, claiming damages.
angele's gonna have to be better than houdini to get out of this one.
our little french soufflé may soon become the pudding... if she does not take care.
what would you say, if i told you that pierre ducros will swear, under oath... that he was not in the music hall parisien that night.
that he'd never been inside the music hall parisien in 1949, or any other year in his entire lifetime?
my dear sir percy, if you'll refer to my book again...
i think you'll notice that never at any time did i say i saw him.
mostly in what lady wren has left out, of her amusing little anecdotes.
why don't you tell my lord and jury just what did happen, in your own words.
she had been very nice to me since i had joined the company.
we always did the marketing for our little family and we didn't mind... that sybil had no interest in such common domestic duties.
now then, there's one thing i insist on in my act... plenty of complications.
i won't interfere with your private lives if you watch my three p's:
i don't mind being compared to a hoot owl. they're rather sweet.
but you don't really think of me as "cold-blooded", do you?
sybil and i, we might have fooled around a little bit...
you know how it is on the road, but we're not lovers.
this is the last time i'm gonna be a boy scout.
when angele told me that you were drinking... because you were in love with me i thought i'd try to help you.
no, i have a television show, sponsored by barry nichols incorporated.
mr. nichols, have you any knowledge of the evidence given in court... by angele ducros?
would you promise to look after them... cherish and protect them when they can no longer dance?
i'm sorry, boys, but it took me a long time to build up this act.
you see, the connection on that old heater was always coming loose.
when the girls recovered they never saw each other again so, naturally they each thought the other had turned on the gas.
madam ducros came into court to protect her reputation, not for monetary consideration.
i don't think that my learned friend can strenuously object... if i move for withdrawal of this case.
you are aware, lady wren, are you not, that if certain statements... made in your book are false or misleading... then madam ducros has been most cruelly libelled... for which she can justly claim damages.
the story of my life in the theatre may read like fiction... but everything i've written in that book happened exactly as i remembered it.
that is not for us, but for the jury to decide.
wasn't that last observation a comment rather than a question, sir percy?
do you swear under oath that that is to be the truth?
i'm not a flighty woman who deliberately fabricates something... to injure the reputation of madam ducros.
it was at the music hall parisien... that you saw pierre ducros in the audience?
what would you say, if i told you that pierre ducros will swear, under oath... that he was not in the music hall parisien that night.
that he'd never been inside the music hall parisien in 1949, or any other year in his entire lifetime?
my dear sir percy, if you'll refer to my book again...
why don't you tell my lord and jury just what did happen, in your own words.
i'm sure my learned friend can have no objections to that.
i don't doubt what she told me, i merely questioned the wisdom of it.
sybil, i do understand why you want things to go on as they are.
as both girls said, it was paris and it was spring and i had this act... called barry nichols and les girls... but even in a great cosmopolitan city like paris, i was a lonely man.
oh, around me were some of the most beautiful girls in the world, but...
it wouldn't hurt you two girls to stay home once in a while....
stay home once in a while and read a book because....
you and joy could do superbly, just the two of you.
do you know what a dirty trick you're asking me to pull?
if sybil and angele are giving up, i suppose i have to.
if that's what you want i won't stand in your way.
in view of what we have just heard... the counsel may wish to reconsider their course of action.
madam ducros came into court to protect her reputation, not for monetary consideration.
the story of my éife in the theater may read éike fiction... but everything é've written in that book happened exactéy as é remembered it.
that is not for us, but for the jury to decide.
now, in chapter seven, which you've entitéed "aéé for love"... you suggest that ìadam ducros not onéy attempted suicide for the éove of a man... but for a man who was not then, and is not now, her husband.
do you swear under oath that that is to be the truth?
é'm not a féighty woman who deéiberateéy fabricates something... to injure the reputation of ìadam ducros.
had é reaéized she was going to materiaéize out of the past, céaiming damages...
what wouéd you say, if é toéd you that pierre ducros wiéé swear, under oath... that he was not in the ìusic haéé parisien that night.
that he'd never been inside the ìusic haéé parisien in 1949... or any other year in his entire éifetime?
ìy dear sir percy, if you'éé refer to my book again...
é think you'éé notice that never at any time did é say é saw him.
ìostéy in what lady wren has éeft out... of her amusing éittée anecdotes.
why don't you teéé ìy lord and jury just what did happen, in your own words.
she had been very nice to me since i had joined the company.
we always did the marketing for our little family and we didn't mind... that sybil had no interest in such common domestic duties.
this is the éast time é'm gonna be a boy scout.
when angeée toéd me that you were drinking... because you were in éove with me é thought é'd try to heép you.
ét wouédn't hurt you two girés to stay home once in a whiée....
stay home once in a whiée and read a book because....
wouéd you promise to éook after them... cherish and protect them when they can no éonger dance?
é'm sorry, boys, but it took me a éong time to buiéd up this act.
you see, the connection on that oéd heater was aéways coming éoose.
when the girés recovered they never saw each other again so... naturaééy they each thought the other had turned on the gas.
én view of what we have just heard... the counseé may wish to reconsider their course of action.
ìadam ducros came into court to protect her reputation... not for monetary consideration.
it is an excellent means of establishing credit in a strange city.
it is equally useful in the removal of unwanted or unsightly persons.
you, see, it takes two men to operate it and the one at this end doesn't feel a thing.
and for the hausfrau whose aim with the family china is not what it use to be, here is a very handsome item, an exploding cream pitcher.
maybe her house is a little old fashioned, but you don't have to live there forever.
if you'd just give me a chance to get set in a job i can...
you wouldn't have to care about me, or anything like that.
i just need an escort so i can learn how to find my way around.
looks to me like you already know how to do that.
i'm gonna check out of here before i get into trouble.
it's really been awfully sweet of you to walk me home and i do appreciate it and i had a wonderful time.
i'm sorry i can't invite you in but aunt mae would be furious.
i'd like to show you still another lethal weapon if used in large quantities one of these can bore a person to death.
when the dosage is as limited as that there's no danger.
it is equally useful in the removal of unwanted or unsightly persons.
here is a jar of poison mushrooms for those smart alecks who know toadstools when they see them.
you, see, it takes two men to operate it and the one at this end doesn't feel a thing.
and for the hausfrau whose aim with the family china is not what it use to be, here is a very handsome item, an exploding cream pitcher.
you see, i live with this perfectly awful aunt and i can't stand it any more.
you wouldn't have to care about me, or anything like that.
i just need an escort so i can learn how to find my way around.
looks to me like you already know how to do that.
it's easy to do the wrong thing when you love someone.
you've wrapped him around your finger the way you try with everybody, even me.
i had a friend smuggle duplicates out of the police lab.
well, they matched fay allison's prints with those on the extra glass in 702.
not if she removed evidence that could connect her with the apartment.
that's what she's preparing to do when her roommate came home unexpectedly.
if they argued at any length, then took the elevator up--
somebody else might have pressed the buzzer in clement's apartment and then scrammed before you got there.
there's something you should know in case the police find out.
i had fay out to the house on sunday for the first time.
whoever rang for that elevator used it to move from one floor to another within the building.
and then miss street and i used it when we left apartment 604 to go to 7th floor.
this is a photostatic copy of the lease for that apartment.
it is a one-year lease signed last august by a mr. jerome hill.
he said he was subletting because he had a job out of town.
the witness is cautioned against answering questions that have been objected to until the court permits them to be answered.
your honour, either fay allison did not drink from that glass, or she was not wearing lipstick.
and since carver clement was kissed on the forehead by someone who was wearing lipstick, the question is most pertinent.
the state is proving beyond a doubt that fay allison murdered carver clement.
it certainly is not necessary to prove also that she kissed him on the forehead.
perhaps the state is not anxious for it to be proven that some person other than fay allison may have been with carver clement when he died.
your honour, i would like to submit the lip imprint of fay allison as defence exhibit a, and ask that mr. harlan be instructed to examine it.
miss bonsal, is it not a fact that you had been romantically involved with carver clement?
that after his death, you put barbiturates in fay allison's cup of hot chocolate, then substituted her clothing for your own in clement's apartment, and then returned to your own suite and took a mild dose of barbiturates yourself?
now, the court has heard testimony that mr. ralston and miss payson were admitted to the mandrake arms by buzzer after ringing the bell to carver clement's apartment.
i have tried to establish that the person who answered their ring must have done so shortly before my secretary and i entered the clement apartment with a key.
well, why would a guilty person have answered the ring at all?
it would only mean bringing the crime to light that much sooner.
i was gonna come back later to make sure that there wasn't any letters or anything of mine.
and it was you who answered ralston's ring from the lobby?
14 million miles away and a small comet, but absolutely fascinating.
it was photographed a few days ago by a passing nasa spacecraft and only our fifth comet encounter.
i've described a comet as being the nearest approach to nothing that can still be anything.
note, too, if you see something flashing across the sky, it can't be a comet.
comets are often green in the night sky, so we thought it was the most appropriate colour to use.
but we can immediately see some interesting features about the comet.
well, we have had asteroids and comets in the past that have looked very irregular in shape.
one interesting feature is the bit the middle, the bridge if you like between the two lobes, is very, very smooth, whereas the ends of the lobes are very lumpy and irregular.
it rotates about once every 18 hours, but it's almost certainly not just rotating, it's probably tumbling through space as it goes.
the other interesting feature that's immediately apparent from images from epoxi is the jets.
one of the very interesting features about these images is it's shown there are some jets which appear to be coming from the dark side of the comet, the night side.
and we've not seen that before to such a great extent.
well, comet hartley 2 is in our sky now and later we are going to have a look at it.
but first, i talked to two of our leading comet experts about where comets come from.
now, the comets when they're far from the sun are really small, icy bodies, irregularly shaped, not spherical like the earth.
in fact, if you want a picture of what a comet looks like, you can pick up an aubergine or even an avocado, something like this.
we've got an irregularly-shaped body and, as it spins, it variously reflects more light and less light towards the sun and this allows us to measure its rotation period.
as it comes in towards the sun, the sun's heat will heat the surface and, because it's mostly composed of ice, those ices will escape from the surface.
now, if it's very smooth and equally distributed around the surface, it will be coming from all places on the sunward side.
but it could be that some comets have just small areas of exposed ice on the surface, so that, as they rotate, you see that icy patch variously illuminated, heated by the sun and eject material and then go into darkness,
and when it's in the night side of the comet, it will switch off.
and this is another way, by looking at this periodic switching on and off of material escaping from the nucleus, that we can measure its rotation period.
comet tails are how we recognise comets generally and the tail comes from what happens to the nucleus when it's near the sun of a comet.
the nucleus is heated up, the surface ices escape from the surface of the nucleus, dragging with them the small microscopic dust particles, generally, that we call comet dust.
the gas molecules are generally ionised by ultraviolet light and blown back to form what we call the gas tail or the ion tail of a comet.
at the same time, the dust particles are being gradually and very gently pushed back by the pressure of nothing else than sunlight itself.
comets are, they have large features that, that we're used to seeing - a large tail and that - but arguably, the most important part of a comet is its nucleus, the central icy core of the comet.
typically, they are about a few kilometres in size, they're very dark objects.
and the reason why we're interested in comets is they do represent the leftover material from the building of the solar system.
they're the only bodies that didn't come together to form the larger planets that we see.
compared to some of the other comets we have visited in the past.
and so, we really don't know what we're going to expect to see when we have the fly-by.
the probe which is going to hartley 2 has been to a comet before,
comet tempel 1, and actually knocked a crater in the comet, but the comet was totally unfazed.
nasa constructed this mission whereby, as it flew by the comet, it would impact the surface.
it turns out that the comet actually struck the impactor at about 10 kilometres per second.
since then the spacecraft, although the spacecraft itself is still called deep impact, the mission has been renamed epoxi, because it's a combination of a comet mission plus a mission to observe extra solar planets and that's where the name epoxi comes from.
we have had previous missions to comets and the first particularly was comet halley.
absolutely right, patrick, and we had a veritable armada of spacecraft going to halley.
and, of course, that was the first time where we proved that the nuclei of comets actually existed and that they're mostly composed of water ice.
in fact, we saw something that was quite different from the nucleus of comet halley.
the nucleus was smaller, it also had these peculiar smooth areas on its surface, which are still a little bit of a mystery at the moment.
and since then, of course, we have had much better images.
after borrelly, then, there was the stardust mission, which was primarily a mission that was conceived by nasa to visit a comet, fly by the dust tail and collect some of the samples and bring those back to earth.
it also presented a remarkable opportunity to take images of the nucleus itself.
again, it was completely different from the other objects that we saw.
the important thing though, is when we go to a comet, we know it's undergone this evolution and this history.
and, in particular for hartley 2, we know that we must be looking at a comet near the end of its life, because when we look at how much material it releases, it can only survive for another 100 orbits
the earth's oceans may have been delivered by comets soon after the formation of the earth's moon.
although it is a wonderful theory, we don't have any evidence of that yet and the evidence will come when we manage to visit one of these comets and measure the ratio of heavy water to normal water.
and we're going to learn a whole wealth of information about that nucleus, about comets in general and perhaps even about the history of our own planet.
what we'd all like now is a really spectacular comet, a daylight comet, and i wonder when we're going to get one.
now, we've been following hartley 2 over the last couple of programmes.
and if you've been going out and trying to find it, given our instructions, and haven't had much success, don't be disheartened.
and i can illustrate this with a torch and the screen on the telescope front here.
now, with the torch focussed, and you can see the light quite easily in the centre there.
but if i defocus the torch, it spreads its light out over a larger area and it's much harder to see.
now, there's no extra light coming out from the bulb of the torch.
now, the first week in november, it's very close to the start procyon in canis minor.
and if you're not sure how to locate procyon, then we need to go back to our old friend orion the hunter, which is rising in the hours after midnight.
locate orion in the east, find his three belt stars in the middle of the constellation and follow them down and to the left until you come to a really bright star, which is sirius, the brightest star in the entire night sky.
if you go up from sirius, the next bright star you find in a rather barren area of the sky is procyon.
so if you can locate procyon with a pair of binoculars and then look to the right of it, or to the west of it if you like, that's where you should find this faint fuzzy patch,
which is comet hartley at the end of the first week of november.
now you get a better chance, perhaps, to see it, although it will be slightly fainter, towards the end of the month, because then it passes between two open clusters known as m46 and m47 in the consolation of puppis.
so, follow the belt stars of orion down and to the left again to locate sirius and then look to the right of sirius until you come to the next brightish star along, a bit fainter than sirius itself.
now, if you draw a line from that star back to sirius and then extend it for two times the distance again that will find those two open clusters for you.
they're quite close together and will easily fit in the field of view of a pair of binoculars.
now, from about 26th november right until the end of the month, the comet will pass between those two open clusters, so that will give you a great opportunity to locate it.
ok, we're going to try and observe comet hartley tonight, but in order to do that we're going to have to wait for the sky to get as dark as it can possibly get.
and a one-and-a-half degree head just moving across the firmament, like nothing i'd ever seen.
so, i think i would have to put hyakutake before hale bopp, which strangely enough came the year after, so we had two years with two great comets.
it was a magnitude 17 one night, and then it had brightened by half a million fold in the space of a day to second magnitude.
altering the entire look of that part of the sky and, of course it became larger than the sun.
but donati's comet is an interesting one because it was a very rare comet in that it had all three characteristics that most comets strive for.
it went past the earth fairly close, it went fairly close to the sun and it was a large comet, and there are very few comets in history that have had all those characteristics.
i'm just trying to find it in the finder, patrick, so i can hopefully see it in the main telescope, but it's incredibly diffuse and hard to see against the background stars, so it takes a little while.
but, pete, i think you found it in some binoculars and on a telescope, haven't you?
i wouldn't really like to make an accurate estimate at this time, because the sky conditions change the appearance of the comet so much.
some people are reporting it to be about magnitude five and visible with the naked eye, but i certainly can't see it with the naked eye and i'm struggling a bit with binoculars and finder, to be honest.
well, my eyes can't cope with the faintness of this comet, so i've been taking photographs of it.
so, i've got a fairly small telescope here, an 80mm telescope, and i stuck a dslr camera on the back of it and i've been taking sort of 30 second exposures.
there seems to be a lot of structure in there at the moment.
more than i've seen on previous nights when i've taken photographs.
now, it's not coming directly off the nucleus, but there's a parent that we're still not too sure about that comes out and is destroyed by solar ultraviolet radiation, and a product of that reaction is the c2 molecule that you're seeing.
and c2 scatters or reflects sunlight right slap bang in the middle of the eye's response when it's dark adapted, so that's why it's looking green.
so, that's just after midnight, but that's ideal because the meteor shower actually goes up to its peak in the early hours of the morning.
and gemini would be quite high in the sky by then, as well.
if you go out just after midnight right the way through until dawn, that's when you're likely to see a geminid meteor.
and the rate is pretty high, sort of 100 to 120 meteors an hour.
and if you want the moon out of the way, which is obviously what you want, what about the winter solstice?
quite special this year because we have a total lunar eclipse.
it's not until about 6.30am when the earth's shadow passes over the moon, that you'll really start to notice it.
i'm hoping it will go a lovely sort of dark coppery colour.
i'll have to take the opposite stance and then i'll say it will be light.
of course, in the event, it'll be cloudy and none of us will see it!
so if you're up as you're approaching dawn on 4th january, that's when you're likely to see the peak of the quadrantids.
so it's a very, very narrow view then to catch this.
i don't think i've ever seen that, actually, and obviously if you're planning to look you need to use dark glasses.
of course, as the sun rises in height above the horizon, so its light gets more intense anyway, so you have to be very careful.
but if you are in the north of the country, it is a bit later, so it's about 8.30ish.
but certainly a substantial part of the sun will be going.
but the eclipse will be over for everybody by about 9.30.
but on the night of 4th january we have an interesting thing with jupiter and uranus.
jupiter and uranus have been very close for the past few months.
actually, jupiter's been moving backwards and forwards and getting quite close to uranus.
jupiter, which is easy to find, it's that really bright planet you can see towards the south west as the night's going on, if you look for jupiter, find it in a pair of binoculars
and then that star you can see just above it on the night of the 4th...
now, it will be quite close for several days either side of that, but after jupiter moves away later on in january, that's it until 2024!
so, we really ought to make the most of it, then!
and, first of all, we had a fly-by of the smallest comet, also of the largest asteroid yet past, lutetia.
this was the fly-by of the rosetta spacecraft past the asteroid lutetia.
one of the results from the rosetta fly-by is that the asteroid is covered by a 600 metre thick layer of asteroid dust, essentially.
not too dissimilar to moon dust, if you like, but 600 metres thick, so very thick indeed.
if you look at some of the craters, they actually look very shallow, almost as though they're filled with this dust.
you can see the boulders dotted around and is that evidence possibly in the centre for a little dust slide down the bottom?
so they can try and plan what dawn will do when it gets there to get a heads-up about what the asteroid looks like, where the interesting features are and so on.
well, our last news note tonight is your province, it's way beyond the solar system.
there's about 6,000 galaxies in there, most of them seen as they were billions of years ago.
there are five galaxies that, when this image was studied, looked quite peculiar.
these galaxies that were particularly bright were possibly thought to be gravitational lenses.
so, they studied them in more detail and they found they, in fact, were.
what's happening is when you look in optical light, something like the keck telescope, you see a foreground galaxy.
and the mass of that galaxy is actually bending the light from a much, much more distant galaxy behind and that distant galaxy is what herschel is seeing.
what this allows us to do is study very distant galaxies, seen as they were 11 billion years ago, so when the universe was at a third of its current age.
you can't see them in optical light because they're so shrouded in dust and, essentially, invisible to optical telescopes, but in far infrared light we can study them in much more detail and get a better picture of how galaxies, relatively normal galaxies,
why, because i think that you can handle kids without belting their brains out?
am i nuts because i think that in that bunch of slobs out there, there might be just one worth saving?
we're hip to all of you, and one of these days, it's gonna be the long, slow ride up that dirty river.
sing sing, where the nights are long, cold and miserable, where the food is slop and every time you open your filthy mouths, the guards are gonna bust every bone in your stupid, crummy heads.
but from now on, i know i'm gonna get some results.
our city council has grown weary of incompetence, officer damon, and is quite convinced your methods of pampering these young hoodlums are a complete waste of the taxpayers' money.
you gotta eat dirt before you can analyze it, sweets, and i think that quickly eliminates you.
now, pick up your diploma and head back to park avenue, where you belong.
i tell you, i had nothing to do with the way that dame acted.
didn't you take me up there to put me under glass?
well, i can see it's no use arguing with you after what that henshaw dame told you.
yeah, and if it wasn't for that henshaw dame, and you came in here with that stupid suggestion,
i think you like her a little better than a lot.
as a matter of fact, i think that's all you got on your mind right now.
see, now, you take out all these little blocks here, you mix them up all real good, see?
then, in a given length of time, you take it back and you put the octagonal in the octagonal hole, the round one in the round hole.
i gotta learn about the application and putting the blocks, and you gotta teach me...
although i know it, so you don't have to teach me nothing.
- then why in the world do you constantly ignore me?
i'm a young woman, 21 years old, and whether you know it or not, quite in demand by young men who would just love to take me out.
but i'm not now, so it's no good at all to be with you.
and when i'm somebody, and it'll be sooner than you think, sooner than a lot of people think, i'll be something, then i'll talk to you and all that.
as far as you're concerned, i've gotta take a completely unbiased attitude.
but after work at night, i'll help you out a little.
first of all, be sure the ink is distributed thinly and evenly on the glass plate.
then taking the hand, firmly take the thumb, or whatever finger you would use, roll it on the glass plate from left to right.
oh, excuse me, i know that you're over there with martha.
but i'm just working here on my examinations and i'm not doing so good.
the same people that laugh at you, spit at you, tab you as an idiot!
you're a fine one to tell me that there's a shining light somewhere!
now, this phase in your training is probably the most important one.
it's a chance for you to prove how you'll function under typical circumstances as a police officer.
now, each one of you cadets will be paired off with a tried police officer, who will judge you on your performance during this trial period.
you've now had 12 full weeks of police training, but should an emergency arise, you're to make no decisions on your own.
nevertheless, i have nuclear plans that will revolutionize modern life and bring about a utopia undreamed of!
your majesty, if i might interrupt, the immigration officer is waiting.
king shahdov, dethroned monarch of estrovia, who escaped his country with the treasury, arrives in america.
king shahdov brings to the states a vast fortune and his atomic plans in the hopes of revolutionizing modern life and bringing about a utopia.
from a lady about to get a divorce, that's an incredible statement.
do you realize today happens to be the anniversary of our wedding?
i'm not accessible to strangers for the price of a free dinner.
i'm sorry but his majesty regrets he's unable to come this evening.
ladies and gentlemen, we are privileged to witness a great historic moment.
his majesty king shahdov has graciously consented to give us hamlet's to be or not to be.
but with oxytone toothpaste he has confidence and control, for oxytone toothpaste is the breath of violets.
oxytone will arrest decay, remove yellow film and restore teeth to a beautiful whiteness.
i've telephoned them every day for a week now, but can't get through.
if we don't hear from them, some of these offers may be worthwhile.
but in this country rules are not imposed, they are the wish of all free citizens.
travel around a bit, then you'll see how free they are.
i know it's beneath your dignity, but there's $50,000 in there.
if you don't want the money you can give it to charity.
but you cannot afford to be involved in such a situation.
should the boy freeze to death just because his parents are communists?
well, he came in and wanted to know what i was doing and when he said he was a cop, i got scared.
so i said i was waiting for my uncle and then you came in.
mr macabee, if you don't answer you'll be charged with contempt.
i will answer any questions concerning myself, but it is against my conscience to give names or to inform on other people.
if convicted he'll receive a minimum sentence of 1 year per charge.
kxpa now returns you to popular music from the hit parade.
he's just missing from school and i've come to take him back.
supposing i save you the trouble and take him back myself?
good afternoon, mr and mrs america and all the ships at sea.
rupert macabee, son of the schoolteachers charged with contempt of congress, was picked up at the ritz where he's been hiding since his disappearance.
if you give us this information, we'll do all we can to help your parents.
your majesty, first and foremost, you must stand on your rights and demand immunity on the ground of your royal prerogative.
nevertheless, i have nuclear plans that will revolutionize modern life and bring about a utopia undreamed of!
your majesty, if i might interrupt, the immigration officer is waiting.
king shahdov, dethroned monarch of estrovia, who escaped his country with the treasury, arrives in america.
king shahdov brings to the states a vast fortune and his atomic plans in the hopes of revolutionizing modern life and bringing about a utopia.
from a lady about to get a divorce, that's an incredible statement.
do you realize today happens to be the anniversary of our wedding?
i'm not accessible to strangers for the price of a free dinner.
i'm sorry but his majesty regrets he's unable to come this evening.
but with oxytone toothpaste he has confidence and control, for oxytone toothpaste is the breath of violets.
oxytone will arrest decay, remove yellow film and restore teeth to a beautiful whiteness.
i've telephoned them every day for a week now, but can't get through.
if we don't hear from them, some of these offers may be worthwhile.
but in this country rules are not imposed, they are the wish of all free citizens.
travel around a bit, then you'll see how free they are.
i know it's beneath your dignity, but there's $50,000 in there.
if you don't want the money you can give it to charity.
but you cannot afford to be involved in such a situation.
should the boy freeze to death just because his parents are communists?
well, he came in and wanted to know what i was doing and when he said he was a cop, i got scared.
so i said i was waiting for my uncle and then you came in.
mr macabee, if you don't answer you'll be charged with contempt.
i will answer any questions concerning myself, but it is against my conscience to give names or to inform on other people.
if convicted he'll receive a minimum sentence of 1 year per charge.
kxpa now returns you to popular music from the hit parade.
he's just missing from school and i've come to take him back.
supposing i save you the trouble and take him back myself?
good afternoon, mr and mrs america and all the ships at sea.
rupert macabee, son of the schoolteachers charged with contempt of congress, was picked up at the ritz where he's been hiding since his disappearance.
if you give us this information, we'll do all we can to help your parents.
your majesty, first and foremost, you must stand on your rights and demand immunity on the ground of your royal prerogative.
nevertheless, i have nuclear plans that will revolutionize modern life and bring about a utopia undreamed of!
your majesty, if i might interrupt, the immigration officer is waiting.
king shahdov, dethroned monarch of estrovia, who escaped his country with the treasury, arrives in america.
king shahdov brings to the states a vast fortune and his atomic plans in the hopes of revolutionizing modern life and bringing about a utopia.
from a lady about to get a divorce, that's an incredible statement.
do you realize today happens to be the anniversary of our wedding?
i'm not accessible to strangers for the price of a free dinner.
i'm sorry but his majesty regrets he's unable to come this evening.
but with oxytone toothpaste he has confidence and control, for oxytone toothpaste is the breath of violets.
oxytone will arrest decay, remove yellow film and restore teeth to a beautiful whiteness.
i've telephoned them every day for a week now, but can't get through.
if we don't hear from them, some of these offers may be worthwhile.
but in this country rules are not imposed, they are the wish of all free citizens.
travel around a bit, then you'll see how free they are.
i know it's beneath your dignity, but there's $50,000 in there.
if you don't want the money you can give it to charity.
but you cannot afford to be involved in such a situation.
should the boy freeze to death just because his parents are communists?
well, he came in and wanted to know what i was doing and when he said he was a cop, i got scared.
so i said i was waiting for my uncle and then you came in.
mr macabee, if you don't answer you'll be charged with contempt.
i will answer any questions concerning myself, but it is against my conscience to give names or to inform on other people.
if convicted he'll receive a minimum sentence of 1 year per charge.
kxpa now returns you to popular music from the hit parade.
he's just missing from school and i've come to take him back.
supposing i save you the trouble and take him back myself?
good afternoon, mr and mrs america and all the ships at sea.
rupert macabee, son of the schoolteachers charged with contempt of congress, was picked up at the ritz where he's been hiding since his disappearance.
nevertheless, i have nuclear plans that will revolutionize modern life and bring about a utopia undreamed of!
your majesty, if i might interrupt, the immigration officer is waiting.
king shahdov, dethroned monarch of estrovia, who escaped his country with the treasury, arrives in america.
king shahdov brings to the states a vast fortune and his atomic plans in the hopes of revolutionizing modern life and bringing about a utopia.
from a lady about to get a divorce, that's an incredible statement.
do you realize today happens to be the anniversary of our wedding?
i'm not accessible to strangers for the price of a free dinner.
i'm sorry but his majesty regrets he's unable to come this evening.
but with oxytone toothpaste he has confidence and control, for oxytone toothpaste is the breath of violets.
oxytone will arrest decay, remove yellow film and restore teeth to a beautiful whiteness.
i've telephoned them every day for a week now, but can't get through.
if we don't hear from them, some of these offers may be worthwhile.
but in this country rules are not imposed, they are the wish of all free citizens.
travel around a bit, then you'll see how free they are.
i know it's beneath your dignity, but there's $50,000 in there.
if you don't want the money you can give it to charity.
but you cannot afford to be involved in such a situation.
should the boy freeze to death just because his parents are communists?
well, he came in and wanted to know what i was doing and when he said he was a cop, i got scared.
so i said i was waiting for my uncle and then you came in.
mr macabee, if you don't answer you'll be charged with contempt.
i will answer any questions concerning myself, but it is against my conscience to give names or to inform on other people.
if convicted he'll receive a minimum sentence of 1 year per charge.
kxpa now returns you to popular music from the hit parade.
he's just missing from school and i've come to take him back.
supposing i save you the trouble and take him back myself?
good afternoon, mr and mrs america and all the ships at sea.
rupert macabee, son of the schoolteachers charged with contempt of congress, was picked up at the ritz where he's been hiding since his disappearance.
if you give us this information, we'll do all we can to help your parents.
your majesty, first and foremost, you must stand on your rights and demand immunity on the ground of your royal prerogative.
look, it's hard to explain,... but each person is born with a destiny, you know?
god, when a child is born, says "this will be a fisherman",...
and now you'll give up drawing and... begin to paint in oils.
hang on, i'm going to give you something --- now where did i put it?
good --- even better, but now we have few teachers, and you'll have to take a class in the general stream.
yes, yes, fine, but, listen, let me ask you a favor.
i know it's time to go play with your friends in the playground,... but i must tell you one thing.
starting tomorrow after recess... we'll play in class, a great and true football championship.
tell me, in your class, you'll let the children play with a ball?
they do not play with a ball, they play with questions,... about the lesson of the day, and these serve as the ball.
it's the first time that i have taught in a city... because i've always practiced my profession... where children who go to school, often walk many miles in the rain,... and sometimes even in the snow.
also, in the evening, they often work at home or on farms.
with them is where you learn pedagogy, and how to understand them.
ladies and gentlemen,... there exists in every human being the innate trait of emulation,... the will to compete and overcome,... and children have precisely this trait... which must be used, as a teaching tool... by giving them joy in learning,... to feel better about themselves and their peers.
but children are the same everywhere,... isn't that what the textbooks say, miss?
ok, i think the best we can do is to watch one of these games.
but she bothered me, flying around me, so i caught her.
but since you bothered, wouldn't have been better to kill her?
we are pleased to inform you that your proposal to found a school of painting has been accepted.
"please attend with minimum delay the ministry to discuss the details."
the feelings of a man fleeing from himself and his mission...
the mission of a teacher is the most sublime that can exist.
how many times has a teacher, by example, steered a child away from getting off track?
and how wonderful to see them grow,... move from one class to another,... and when they are able to cope with life,... say goodbye.
it's thanks to us that this life will be happier for them.
you know what happened to me the day after the death of that person?
"this famous city is in itself a complete history of spain,...
"the history of visigothic spain, and four centuries of saracen domination.
yes, did you figure that i'm in the mood to go anywhere?
what a pity that you could not hear the mass,... it was so beautiful...
do not leave the school... believe it or not, your life is here.
if we had not left the village... my son would still be alive,... because it was my ambition that brought us here.
judas sold out god for 30 pieces of silver, and eduardo has done the same,... he abandoned god to go to have fun.
i have no choice but to punish you --- learn from it.
how is it that your parents send you to school for a few days?
my father said: "we'll return when we finish our work here,...
why do you say goodbye, if you just said we'll meet again?
saying goodbye does not mean not seeing each other anymore,... only the hope that god will join us again.
and you, eduardo, don't you remember when you hit him because he called you judas?
and then you said he was a coward and a few days after you fell off the swing,... you were helped by him!
i've seen him, talked to him, i took his hand with this hand of mine.
at times i managed to forget my misfortune, because he was so kind to me,... simple, strange, and charming... and he asked me so many questions, sometimes i did not know how to answer him.
you have been a bit upset with the death of your son.
you have lived these days with a clear view of the child.
to create a painting class where all children can learn to paint... and develop their artistic qualities.
it is a very ambitious plan... but i am sure it will fly.
yes, yes, fine, but, listen, let me ask you a favor.
it's my son --- i would like to have him in my class.
i think you may like to know his proposal for a painting class.
i warn you, miss martinez is opposed to innovation,... as you'll soon learn.
although officially not part of the teaching staff of this school,... the ministry has granted her the privilege of attending our meetings.
and she can even express her opinion in relation to our educational system.
i've noticed that children in the city,... are distracted by certain things, not always appropriate to their age,... and that most of the time, are often more harmful than recreational... like cinema, radio, television,... sports, comic books,...
i thought i can use... let's say, one of these drawbacks, the healthiest and longest-lived,... to generate their best performance.
also, in the evening, they often work at home or on farms.
with them is where you learn pedagogy, and how to understand them.
after this victory, the blue team is ahead in the competition.
the final will be within seven days... and you'll have a week's time to study.
perfect, we'll go first to dinner and then to a movie.
next door they're showing an american movie, the kind with cowboys.
well, the show i give dancing, you know, that modern dances,...
moreover, the championship final is only two days away... and as he is captain of one of the finalist teams,... he is studying at home.
hey, do not you want to come to the party, it's lively... there is a cake...
no, pablo --- dance parties bore me to tears... and dad didn't want me to go.
and how wonderful to see them grow,... move from one class to another,... and when they are able to cope with life,... say goodbye.
it's thanks to us that this life will be happier for them.
"the history of visigothic spain, and four centuries of saracen domination.
"in the center of the province, the old kingdom of castile and leon..."
look, boy, these are things that are no concern of yours.
do what i said, go play outside, do me a favor.
you, how often have you played with him in the playground?
and you, eduardo, don't you remember when you hit him because he called you judas?
ok, calm down,... but what you know about this gabriel isn't enough.
i've seen him, talked to him, i took his hand with this hand of mine.
at times i managed to forget my misfortune, because he was so kind to me,... simple, strange, and charming... and he asked me so many questions, sometimes i did not know how to answer him.
if you had seen --- how naïve when he once said he wanted to be my friend... but you believe this is crazy, a fantasy, right?
jack horner was the servant of a city official on his way to deliver a christmas present to king henry viii.
in those days, it was a custom that when bringing presents to the king to put them in a pie.
and these presents, as jack horner knew, were usually something of great value.
and since jack was a bit of a knave, he stuck in his thumb and pulled out a plum which happened to be the deed to a valuable estate.
whenkinghenry sent for the city official he hurried to court, expecting some special favor in return for his present.
and we can be sure that king henry let him have it.
as for jack horner, he took up residence on his stolen estate, where he lived happily ever after.
unless, of course, he was haunted by a certain nursery rhyme that became surprisingly popular at that time.
queen of scotland, who came from france to take over the throne of scotland, bringing with her the gay french ways, extravagant tastes, and a love of frivolity.
such conduct was frowned upon by the dour scots, who believed in preserving the stern dignity of the court.
and her love of exotic foods, such as cockles, account for the cockle shells.
and the pretty maids all in a row were her ladies-in-waiting.
but behind this playful little rhyme lies one of the most sinister and tragic stories in all history.
four years after her arrival in scotland, she married lord darnley, a selfish weakling, who mary soon came to despise.
but this too, ended on a tragic note, when the infuriated darnley interfered.
then came the earl of bothwell and the end of lord darnley.
a story which begins in 1176, when it was decided to build a permanent bridge of stone to unite north and south london.
after the bridge was finished in 1209, it was sanctified by the addition of a two-story chapel over the central pier.
rows of elaborately designed houses were added over the length of the bridge, transforming the plain gothic structure into a thing of such picturesque beauty that it was acclaimed one of the wonders of the world.
the street floors were rented to merchants who did a bustling business, drawing their customers from the tide of traffic coming and going over the bridge.
the upper stories of the bridge houses were elaborately furnished apartments with projecting bay windows and rooftop balconies, where residents could enjoy the invigorating air off the river and contemplate the spectacular view.
little wonder that hans holbein and william hogarth and many other famous painters chose to live on london bridge.
on one occasion a tournament was held on the bridge and spectators crowded every available space to watch two knights prove their courage in glorious combat.
london bridge was often the scene of spectacular displays and lavish celebrations, which marked great moments in english history.
while living on london bridge was both grand and glamorous, there were times when it was equally hazardous.
now and then a cargo ship would break away from its moorings and a bow sprit would come crashing through a window.
the greatest threat to the bridge and its inhabitants was fire.
one such disaster occurred in 1666, when a fire started in the king's bakery in pudding lane.
during the reconstruction of london the bridge houses were rebuilt and its endless tide of humanity returned.
but as the centuries passed, london bridge began to feel its age.
a lot of water had passed under the old bridge, undermining its foundations.
the intense heat of the fires had dangerously weakened its arches, and heavy timbers braced the tottering houses,
finally,onjuly4,1823 , the death warrant of the old bridge was signed and it was demolished.
a new bridge was built in its place, the london bridge which stands today.
i always feel there's a type of person... who'll arrive at the gates of hell with somebody carrying his luggage.
yes, and pushing people out of the way to get there.
but you'll learn that in this life, it's every man for himself.
when i'm in trouble, i call on god to help me.
that makes about as much sense as your ship from heaven. [scoffs]
that makes about as much sense as your ship from heaven. [scoffs]
the light from that star has taken billions of years to get to us.
if i wasn't so tired, i'd tell you how many billions of years.
you know, if this is one of the nicobars... there ought to be land pretty near through the north.
as a matter of fact, i thought i saw some the other day when the haze lifted.
i should prefer to clean, sharpen... and entirely renovate it first, mr. bulldog.
what price your raft now, now that we have something to cut with?
if bulldog and number four sailed away and left us here together, would you be sorry?
i begged you last night not to ask questions like that.
the whole town, including that no-good marshal, is laying for you.
right or wrong, they're going to hang you for another killing.
your brother, morgan, ran me out of deadwood last year and impounded $1 0,000 of my money.
as a matter of fact, you've got brothers marshaling all over the frontier, haven't you?
this gentleman should have taught his brother better than to deal with a marked deck.
well, if you happen to see this, uh... gentleman, tell him i'll be waiting for him at boot hill.
now, give me that gun before you get into real trouble.
i don't stand for nobody talking like that to no lady.
the marshal's only trying to save the good name of dodge city.
besides, i might like to see the inside of a jail.
well, i, i thought it was kind of amusing, a price on a lawman's head.
look, holliday, as long as i'm the law here, not one of those cowpokes is going to cross that deadline with a gun.
uh, picking up the hardware as soon as the cowboys hit town.
sure don't look like bat's going to get back with our deputies soon enough.
you and me are going to settle for this scar you gave me in wichita.
unbuckle your guns, boys, and come on down to the calaboose with me.
there's only one thing that bothers me and i'm going to speak my piece now.
there's going to be a lot of bad talk about you riding with doc holliday.
holliday, if you think anything about wyatt, you'll get out of here.
having a killer like you around is the worst thing that can happen to him.
i don't know what i'm going to do with that boy.
way he's going now, he's going to end up like his father, shot down for stealing cattle.
they fought in the civil war and i was too young to go.
i tried to live up to them the same way you're trying to live up to ike and finn.
look, how about letting me make the rounds for you tonight?
i get awful lonesome sitting here with nothing to do but think.
you're going to die for sure, if you go out there.
if i'm going to die, at least let me die with the only friend i ever had.
all them fancy clothes and that smart talk don't make you no gentleman.
you are dirt, just like me and i'm tired of hearing about that georgia plantation and all them lily-white friends of yours.
it's gotten so every would-be gunman on the frontier wants the honor of putting him in boot hill.
you know how it is when a man gets a reputation.
i understand there's a gentleman in from fort worth to see me.
this gentleman should have taught his brother better than to deal with a marked deck.
the marshal's only trying to save the good name of dodge city.
besides, i might like to see the inside of a jail.
i thought it was kind of amusing, a price on a lawman's head.
look, holliday, as long as i'm the law here not one of those cowpokes is gonna cross that deadline with a gun.
he promised wyatt earp he'd be a good little boy, ha, ha.
i heard you made your reputation against a bunch of drunks.
you know, cotton this is a nice little town, a good place to set a while.
i might even run for county sheriff in a couple of months.
the judge was packing up to leave when i got there.
i think it's about time we all pack up and leave, ike.
look, how about letting me make the rounds for you tonight?
i get awful lonesome sitting here with nothing to do but think.
you have no right to put yourselves above the safety of this town.
your duty is to the people, not to your own pride.
all them fancy clothes and that smart talk don't make you no gentleman.
you are dirt, just like me and i'm tired of hearing about that georgia plantation and all them lily-white friends of yours.
it's gotten so every would-be gunman on the frontier wants the honor of putting him in boot hill.
you know how it is when a man gets a reputation.
i understand there's a gentleman in from fort worth to see me.
this gentleman should have taught his brother better than to deal with a marked deck.
now, give me that gun before you get into real trouble.
i don't stand for nobody talking like that to no lady.
besides, i might like to see the inside of a jail.
don't you think you better wait for a few of your deputies?
i thought it was kind of amusing, a price on a lawman's head.
look, holliday, as long as i'm the law here not one of those cowpokes is gonna cross that deadline with a gun.
someday somebody's got to outshoot me, and it'll be over with real quick.
earp, i didn't come along to hear you preach a sermon.
i'm picking up the hardware as soon as the cowboys hit town.
sure don't look like bat's gonna get back with our deputies soon enough.
he promised wyatt earp he'd be a good little boy, ha, ha.
i heard you made your reputation against a bunch of drunks.
you and me are gonna settle for this scar you gave me in wichita.
unbuckle your guns, boys, and come down to the calaboose with me.
there's only one thing that bothers me and i wanna speak my piece now.
there's gonna be a lot of bad talk about you riding with doc holliday.
you know, cotton this is a nice little town, a good place to set a while.
i might even run for county sheriff in a couple of months.
holliday, if you think anything about wyatt, you'll get out of here.
having a killer like you around is the worst thing that can happen to him.
there's always a man faster on the draw than you are.
and the more you use a gun, the sooner you're gonna run into that man.
they fought in the civil war, and i was too young to go.
i tried to live up to them the same way you're trying to live up to ike and finn.
the judge was packing up to leave when i got there.
i think it's about time we all pack up and leave, ike.
i played this whole thing so he'd be forced into griffin.
i figured if there was one man in texas who could stop him, you'd be the man.
this gentleman should have taught his brother better than to deal with a marked deck.
if you happen to see this, uh, gentleman, tell him i'll be waiting for him at boot hill.
we agreed there'd be no women gambling on the north side.
miss denbow's marker is respected for $10,000 anywhere in the west.
now, give me that gun before you get into real trouble.
i don't stand for nobody talking like that to no lady.
besides, i might like to see the inside of a jail.
don't you think you better wait for a few of your deputies?
- right away if i expect to pick up their trail.
doggone it, luke's the only one in town who can handle a gun.
someday somebody's got to outshoot me, and it'll be over with real quick.
earp, i didn't come along to hear you preach a sermon.
i'm picking up the hardware as soon as the cowboys hit town.
sure don't look like bat's gonna get back with our deputies soon enough.
you and me are gonna settle for this scar you gave me in wichita.
unbuckle your guns, boys, and come down to the calaboose with me.
holliday, if you think anything about wyatt, you'll get out of here.
having a killer like you around is the worst thing that can happen to him.
there's always a man faster on the draw than you are.
and the more you use a gun, the sooner you're gonna run into that man.
they fought in the civil war, and i was too young to go.
i tried to live up to them the same way you're trying to live up to ike and finn.
there's no legal way you can keep a united states marshal out of the county.
the judge was packing up to leave when i got there.
until i return from the gunfight at ok corral lf the lord is my friend
we'll meet at the end of the gunfight at ok corral
oh, come on, honey, let's cut out of here while there's still time.
the whole town, including that no-good marshal, is laying for you.
i played this whole thing so he'd be forced into griffin.
i figured if there was one man in texas who could stop him, you'd be the man.
it's gotten so every would-be gunman on the frontier wants the honor of putting him in boot hill.
you know how it is when a man gets a reputation.
i understand there's a gentleman in from fort worth to see me.
this gentleman should have taught his brother better than to deal with a marked deck.
we agreed there'd be no women gambling on the north side.
miss denbow's marker is respected for $1 0,000 anywhere in the west.
besides, i might like to see the inside of a jail.
don't you think you better wait for a few of your deputies?
you're just ornery enough to live to a ripe old age.
no, i'm not going to let it drain me out slow.
someday, somebody's got to out-shoot me, and it'll be over with real quick.
earp, i didn't come along to hear you preach a sermon.
now, you can... you can thank god you're wyatt earp's brother.
holliday, if you think anything about wyatt, you'll get out of here.
i kind of thought this climate was good for your cough.
listen, preacher, being here has caused me a lot of embarrassment.
i thought if wyatt was out of the way you'd come back to me.
and that's... that's why i kept quiet when i... when i heard them.
until i return from the gunfight at ok corral lf the lord is my friend
we'll meet at the end of the gunfight at ok corral
oh, come on, honey, let's cut out of here while there's still time.
the whole town, including that no-good marshal, is laying for you.
i played this whole thing so he'd be forced into griffin.
i figured if there was one man in texas who could stop him, you'd be the man.
it's gotten so every would-be gunman on the frontier wants the honor of putting him in boot hill.
you know how it is when a man gets a reputation.
i understand there's a gentleman in from fort worth to see me.
this gentleman should have taught his brother better than to deal with a marked deck.
we agreed there'd be no women gambling on the north side.
miss denbow's marker is respected for $1 0,000 anywhere in the west.
besides, i might like to see the inside of a jail.
don't you think you better wait for a few of your deputies?
uh, picking up the hardware as soon as the cowboys hit town.
sure don't look like bat's going to get back with our deputies soon enough.
you and me are going to settle for this scar you gave me in wichita.
unbuckle your guns, boys, and come on down to the calaboose with me.
there's only one thing that bothers me and i'm going to speak my piece now.
there's going to be a lot of bad talk about you riding with doc holliday.
holliday, if you think anything about wyatt, you'll get out of here.
having a killer like you around is the worst thing that can happen to him.
i don't know what i'm going to do with that boy.
way he's going now, he's going to end up like his father, shot down for stealing cattle.
they fought in the civil war and i was too young to go.
i tried to live up to them the same way you're trying to live up to ike and finn.
look, how about letting me make the rounds for you tonight?
i get awful lonesome sitting here with nothing to do but think.
you're going to die for sure, if you go out there.
if i'm going to die, at least let me die with the only friend i ever had.
the whole town, including that no-good marshal, is laying for you.
right or wrong, they're going to hang you for another killing.
i don't know what i'd do if anything happened to you.
115 00:06:57,110 -- 00:06:59,380 you'd lose your meal ticket, wouldn't you?
your brother, morgan, ran me out of deadwood last year and impounded $1 0,000 of my money.
as a matter of fact, you've got brothers marshaling all over the frontier, haven't you?
this gentleman should have taught his brother better than to deal with a marked deck.
well, if you happen to see this, uh... gentleman, tell him i'll be waiting for him at boot hill.
we agreed there'd be no women gambling on the north side.
miss denbow's marker is respected for $1 0,000 anywhere in the west.
besides, i might like to see the inside of a jail.
don't you think you better wait for a few of your deputies?
uh, picking up the hardware as soon as the cowboys hit town.
sure don't look like bat's going to get back with our deputies soon enough.
you and me are going to settle for this scar you gave me in wichita.
unbuckle your guns, boys, and come on down to the calaboose with me.
there's only one thing that bothers me and i'm going to speak my piece now.
there's going to be a lot of bad talk about you riding with doc holliday.
now, you can... you can thank god you're wyatt earp's brother.
holliday, if you think anything about wyatt, you'll get out of here.
i kind of thought this climate was good for your cough.
listen, preacher, being here has caused me a lot of embarrassment.
i thought if wyatt was out of the way you'd come back to me.
and that's... that's why i kept quiet when i... when i heard them.
you're going to die for sure, if you go out there.
if i'm going to die, at least let me die with the only friend i ever had.
all them fancy clothes and that smart talk don't make you no gentleman.
you are dirt, just like me and i'm tired of hearing about that georgia plantation and all them lily-white friends of yours.
it's gotten so every would-be gunman on the frontier wants the honor of putting him in boot hill.
you know how it is when a man gets a reputation.
i understand there's a gentleman in from fort worth to see me.
this gentleman should have taught his brother better than to deal with a marked deck.
the marshal's only trying to save the good name of dodge city.
besides, i might like to see the inside of a jail.
i thought it was kind of amusing, a price on a lawman's head.
look, holliday, as long as i'm the law here not one of those cowpokes is gonna cross that deadline with a gun.
he promised wyatt earp he'd be a good little boy, ha, ha.
i heard you made your reputation against a bunch of drunks.
you know, cotton this is a nice little town, a good place to set a while.
i might even run for county sheriff in a couple of months.
the judge was packing up to leave when i got there.
i think it's about time we all pack up and leave, ike.
look, how about letting me make the rounds for you tonight?
i get awful lonesome sitting here with nothing to do but think.
you have no right to put yourselves above the safety of this town.
your duty is to the people, not to your own pride.
oh, come on, honey, let's cut out of here while there's still time.
the whole town, including that no-good marshal, is laying for you.
i played this whole thing so he'd be forced into griffin.
i figured if there was one man in texas who could stop him, you'd be the man.
it's gotten so every would-be gunman on the frontier wants the honour of putting him in boot hill.
you know how it is when a man gets a reputation.
this gentleman should have taught his brother better than to deal with a marked deck.
well, if you happen to see this gentleman, tell him i'll be waiting for him at boot hill.
we agreed there'd be no women gambling on the north side.
miss denbow's marker is respected for $10,000 anywhere in the west.
the marshal's only trying to save the good name of dodge city.
besides, i might like to see the inside of a jail.
well, i thought it was kind of amusing, a price on a lawman's head.
look, holliday, as long as i'm the law here, not one of those cowpokes is going to cross that deadline with a gun.
someday, somebody's got to out-shoot me, and it'll be over with real quick.
earp, i didn't come along to hear you preach a sermon.
you and me are gonna settle for this scar you gave me in wichita.
unbuckle your guns, boys, and come on down to the calaboose with me.
he's the worst killer on the frontier, that's what about him.
and it just don't look good, you coming here with him.
i don't know what i'm going to do with that boy.
the way he's going now, he's going to end up like his father, shot down for stealing cattle.
they fought in the civil war, and i was too young to go.
i tried to live up to them the same way that you're trying to live up to ike and finn.
look, how about letting me make the rounds for you tonight?
i get awful lonesome sitting here with nothing to do but think.
you have no right to put yourselves above the safety of this town!
your duty is to the people, not to your own pride.
but i'm thinking of writing one called "moon over la gabriella."
do you think it will ever take the place of night baseball?
and then i saw you, and i was saved, i hope.
tell me, have you been getting results with a line like that?
he thought it'd be a good idea if i took a little trip while he consummated this big deal because i have no head for business.
it's beyond me how the more money a corporation loses, the more money it makes, because of the carryovers with the write-offs.
you know, it's obviously no good, either of us being seen together.
right or wrong, people will talk and so i guess it had better be good-bye.
being a woman, i'm naturally more cautious and i can think more clearly when you're not around.
so you go think in your room and i'll think in mine.
couldn't we at least eat together, you know, in your room or my room?
the news would be all around the ship before we'd had our salad.
well, in case i don't see you again, miss mckay, happy landing.
thank you, mr. ferrante, and don't think it hasn't been absolute...
in just a moment, we'll meet miss clark and her fiancé, mr. nickie ferrante and talk to them about their wonderful true-to-life romance which has gotten headlines in papers all over the country.
a romance which has captured the imagination of the whole world.
well, ken, we have so much to talk about and i can just think better in this outfit.
you know, darling, i hoped the trip would be good for you, but i'm afraid you don't look so well.
thank you so much, miss clark, and you, too, mr. ferrante.
well, folks, that winds up our interview with this charming couple.
i tell you, you give miss mckay anything in the shop she wants.
but keep talking to her until i get there, will you?
i called your hotel, and they said you could be reached at this number.
oh, nickie, i've been thinking about you morning, noon and night and in-between times, too.
now, if you paid for my getting well, he wouldn't like it and if he didn't like it, i wouldn't like it.
then if you did get me well, and i went to him, you wouldn't like it.
now, you go right up on the stage with the rest of them.
i'll put you back on the team, but you must promise not to drown out the other children.
well, perhaps by the time you thought of it, you didn't know where to reach me.
but you swore if you ever saw me again you'd ask.
i remember we said that if we could make it, we'd be there.
and if one of us didn't show up, it would be for a darn good reason.
well, i thought everything was fine until i saw you last night.
then i knew there must be something between us, even if it's only an ocean, so i bought myself a ticket.
so, courbet told me a young woman came into the gallery, and she liked it.
she saw in it what i'd hoped you'd see, so i told courbet to give it to her
how could you speak of love to me, say the things you did, and you about to be married.
do you remember your words when i gave you the cigarette case?
this is frightfully intimate. i know just enough french to be embarrassed.
could you refine it a little and tell me in effect what it says?
because he had to go to texas on a big merger.
he thought it'd be a good idea if i took a trip while he consummated this big deal, because i have no head for business.
it's beyond me how the more money a corporation loses, the more it makes, because of the carryovers with the writeoffs.
the big secret seems to be to merge a sick corporation with a big, fat healthy one, and then everybody gets well.
mr ferrante, i'd like to have you meet my sister, miss hathaway, and my wife...
and when you were little, what did your nurse read to you at bedtime?
besides, i don't mind telling you i had planned only to live till i was 80.
now i am 82. lf i'm not going to die, i must start saving money for my old age.
i thought the empire state building was this way, and it's that way.
i think i'll get out here cos l'm in a hurry.
you know, i can read your state of mind when you painted this.
you were very sorry for yourself when you painted this one.
i had a great deal to say and i painted it instead.
your being away, alone, for a long time has given you that grasp of... i'll get it.
if you paid for my getting well, he wouldn't like it, so i wouldn't like it.
then if you did get me well and i went to him, you wouldn't like it.
well, i'm fine. i've got my job and i'm on a budget.
and if things come out right, and then maybe if i'm a very good girl, i'll get what i want next christmas.
i was looking through a telephone book for a man named mcbride and i came across the name "t mckay".
i said to myself "could that possibly be terry mckay, my old friend?"
and then i said to myself "well, now, i haven't been very nice to miss mckay."
"after all, i had an appointment with her one day, and i didn't keep it."
the least i could have done was to have sent you a note.
perhaps, by the time you thought of it, you didn't know where to reach me?
i remember we said that if we could make it, we'd be there.
and if one of us didn't show up, it would be for a darn good reason.
how could you speak of love to me, say the things you did, and you about to be married.
do you remember your words when i gave you the cigarette case?
because he had to go to texas on a big merger.
he thought it'd be a good idea if i took a trip while he consummated this big deal, because i have no head for business.
it's beyond me how the more money a corporation loses, the more it makes, because of the carry-overs with the write-offs.
the big secret seems to be to merge a sick corporation with a big, fat healthy one,
i wanna thank you for what you're doin' for my son, tyrone.
now he won't grow up to be a mug like me.
you know, i can read your state of mind when you painted this.
you were very sorry for yourself when you painted this one.
i had a great deal to say - and i painted it instead.
your being away, alone, for a long time has given you that grasp of...
if you paid for my getting well, he wouldn't like it, so i wouldn't like it.
then if you did get me well and i went to him, you wouldn't like it.
perhaps, by the time you thought of it, you didn't know where to reach me?
but you swore that if you ever saw me again, you'd ask.
how could you speak of love to me, say the things you did, and you about to be married.
do you remember your words when i gave you the cigarette case?
because he had to go to texas on a big merger.
he thought it'd be a good idea if i took a trip while he consummated this big deal, because i have no head for business.
it's beyond me how the more money a corporation loses, the more it makes, because of the carryovers with the writeoffs.
the big secret seems to be to merge a sick corporation with a big, fat healthy one, and then everybody gets well.
mr ferrante, i'd like to have you meet my sister, miss hathaway, and my wife...
and when you were little, what did your nurse read to you at bedtime?
i went to new york, and i got ajob singing in a nightclub from ten to three in the morning.
the manager used to chase me round the office until four, then...
being a woman, i'm more cautious and i can think more clearly when you're not around.
so you go think in your room, and i'll think in mine...
i thought the empire state building was this way, and it's that way.
i think i'll get out here cos i'm in a hurry.
i was looking through a telephone book for a man named mcbride and i came across the name "t mckay".
i said to myself "could that possibly be terry mckay, my old friend?"
and then i said to myself "well, now, i haven't been very nice to miss mckay."
"after all, i had an appointment with her one day, and i didn't keep it."
so i said to myself i talk to myself quite a lot these days
i said "that's not a very nice way to treat an old friend like miss mckay."
the least i could have done was to have sent you a note.
perhaps, by the time you thought of it, you didn't know where to reach me?
i remember we said that if we could make it, we'd be there.
and if one of us didn't show up, it would be for a darn good reason.
i thought everything was fine until i saw you last night.
then i knew there must be something between us, even if it's only an ocean.
but i'm thinking of writing one called "moon over la gabriella".
do you think it will ever take the place of night baseball?
he thought it'd be a good idea if i took a trip while he consummated this big deal, because i have no head for business.
it's beyond me how the more money a corporation loses, the more it makes, because of the carryovers with the writeoffs.
today our cameras are in the home of miss lois clarke, heiress to one of america's greatest fortunes.
in just a moment, we'll meet miss clarke and her fiancé, mr nickie ferrante, and talk to them about their wonderful romance, which has gotten headlines in papers all over the country, a romance which has captured the imagination of the whole world.
i wanna thank you for what you're doin' for my son, tyrone.
now he won't grow up to be a mug like me.
you know, i can read your state of mind when you painted this.
you were very sorry for yourself when you painted this one.
i had a great deal to say and i painted it instead.
your being away, alone, for a long time has given you that grasp of...
if you paid for my getting well, he wouldn't like it, so i wouldn't like it.
then if you did get me well and i went to him, you wouldn't like it.
perhaps, by the time you thought of it, you didn't know where to reach me?
but you swore that if you ever saw me again, you'd ask.
but i'm thinking of writing one called "moon over la gabriella",
do you think it will ever take the place of night baseball?
he thought it'd be a good idea if i took a trip while he consummated this big deal, because i have no head for business.
it's beyond me how the more money a corporation loses, the more it makes, because of the carry-overs with the write-offs.
mr ferrante, i'd like to have you meet my sister, miss hathaway, and my wife...
and when you were little, what did your nurse read to you at bedtime?
i thought the empire state building was this way, and it's that way.
i think i'll get out here cos i'm in a hurry.
if you paid for my getting well, he wouldn't like it, so i wouldn't like it.
then if you did get me well and i went to him, you wouldn't like it.
perhaps, by the time you thought of it, you didn't know where to reach me?
but you swore that if you ever saw me again, you'd ask.
but i'm thinking of writing one called "moon over la gabriella".
do you think it will ever take the place of night baseball?
he thought it'd be a good idea if i took a trip while he consummated this big deal, because i have no head for business.
it's beyond me how the more money a corporation loses, the more it makes, because of the carryovers with the writeoffs.
today our cameras are in the home of miss lois clarke, heiress to one of america's greatest fortunes.
in just a moment, we'll meet miss clarke and her fiancé, mr nickie ferrante, and talk to them about their wonderful romance, which has gotten headlines in papers all over the country, a romance which has captured the imagination of the whole world.
i wanna thank you for what you're doin' for my son, tyrone.
now he won't grow up to be a mug like me.
you know, i can read your state of mind when you painted this.
you were very sorry for yourself when you painted this one.
i had a great deal to say and i painted it instead.
your being away, alone, for a long time has given you that grasp of...
if you paid for my getting well, he wouldn't like it, so i wouldn't like it.
then if you did get me well and i went to him, you wouldn't like it.
perhaps, by the time you thought of it, you didn't know where to reach me?
but you swore that if you ever saw me again, you'd ask.
but i'm thinking of writing one called "moon over la gabriella".
do you think it will ever take the place of night baseball?
he thought it'd be a good idea if i took a trip while he consummated this big deal, because i have no head for business.
it's beyond me how the more money a corporation loses, the more it makes, because of the carryovers with the writeoffs.
today our cameras are in the home of miss lois clarke, heiress to one of america's greatest fortunes.
in just a moment, we'll meet miss clarke and her fiancé, mr nickie ferrante, and talk to them about their wonderful romance, which has gotten headlines in papers all over the country, a romance which has captured the imagination of the whole world.
i wanna thank you for what you're doin' for my son, tyrone.
now he won't grow up to be a mug like me.
you know, i can read your state of mind when you painted this.
you were very sorry for yourself when you painted this one.
i had a great deal to say and i painted it instead.
your being away, alone, for a long time has given you that grasp of...
if you paid for my getting well, he wouldn't like it, so i wouldn't like it.
then if you did get me well and i went to him, you wouldn't like it.
perhaps, by the time you thought of it, you didn't know where to reach me?
but you swore that if you ever saw me again, you'd ask.
but i'm thinking of writing one called "moon over la gabriella".
do you think it will ever take the place of night baseball?
he thought it'd be a good idea if i took a trip while he consummated this big deal, because i have no head for business.
it's beyond me how the more money a corporation loses, the more it makes, because of the carry-overs with the write-offs.
mr ferrante, i'd like to have you meet my sister, miss hathaway, and my wife...
and when you were little, what did your nurse read to you at bedtime?
i went to new york, and i got a job singing in a nightclub from ten to three in the morning.
the manager used to chase me round the office until four, then...
being a woman, i'm more cautious and i can think more clearly when you're not around.
so you go think in your room, and i'll think in mine...
today our cameras are in the home of miss lois clarke, heiress to one of america's greatest fortunes.
in just a moment, we'll meet miss clarke and her fiancé, mr nickie ferrante, and talk to them about their wonderful romance, which has gotten headlines in papers all over the country, a romance which has captured the imagination of the whole world.
i thought the empire state building was this way, and it's that way.
i think i'll get out here cos i'm in a hurry.
i was looking through a telephone book for a man named mcbride and i came across the name "t mckay".
i said to myself "could that possibly be terry mckay, my old friend?"
and then i said to myself "well, now, i haven't been very nice to miss mckay."
"after all, i had an appointment with her one day, and i didn't keep it."
so i said to myself - i talk to myself quite a lot these days -
i said "that's not a very nice way to treat an old friend like miss mckay."
the least i could have done was to have sent you a note.
perhaps, by the time you thought of it, you didn't know where to reach me?
i remember we said that if we could make it, we'd be there.
and if one of us didn't show up, it would be for a darn good reason.
i thought everything was fine until i saw you last night.
then i knew there must be something between us, even if it's only an ocean.
but i'm thinking of writing one called "moon over la gabriella".
do you think it will ever take the place of night baseball?
he thought it'd be a good idea if i took a trip while he consummated this big deal, because i have no head for business.
it's beyond me how the more money a corporation loses, the more it makes, because of the carryovers with the writeoffs.
today our cameras are in the home of miss lois clarke, heiress to one of america's greatest fortunes.
in just a moment, we'll meet miss clarke and her fiancé, mr nickie ferrante, and talk to them about their wonderful romance, which has gotten headlines in papers all over the country, a romance which has captured the imagination of the whole world.
i wanna thank you for what you're doin' for my son, tyrone.
now he won't grow up to be a mug like me.
you know, i can read your state of mind when you painted this.
you were very sorry for yourself when you painted this one.
i had a great deal to say and i painted it instead.
your being away, alone, for a long time has given you that grasp of...
if you paid for my getting well, he wouldn't like it, so i wouldn't like it.
then if you did get me well and i went to him, you wouldn't like it.
perhaps, by the time you thought of it, you didn't know where to reach me?
but you swore that if you ever saw me again, you'd ask.
but i'm thinking of writing one called "moon over la gabriella."
do you think it will ever take the place of night baseball?
and then i saw you, and i was saved, i hope.
tell me, have you been getting results with a line like that?
he thought it'd be a good idea if i took a little trip while he consummated this big deal because i have no head for business.
it's beyond me how the more money a corporation loses, the more money it makes, because of the carryovers with the write-offs.
you know, it's obviously no good, either of us being seen together.
right or wrong, people will talk and so i guess it had better be good-bye.
couldn't we at least eat together, you know, in your room or my room?
the news would be all around the ship before we'd had our salad.
today, our cameras are placed in the home of miss lois clark, heiress to one of america's greatest fortunes.
in just a moment, we'll meet miss clark and her fiancé, mr. nickie ferrante and talk to them about their wonderful true-to-life romance which has gotten headlines in papers al over the country.
i thought i gave you plenty of time to get into something more...
well, ken, we have so much to talk about and i can just think better in this outfit.
i tell you, you give miss mckay anything in the shop she wants.
but keep talking to her until i get there, will you?
i want to thank you for what you're doing for my son tyrone.
now he won't grow up to be a mug like me.
now, you go right up on the stage with the rest of them.
i'll put you back on the team, but you must promise not to drown out the other children.
well, perhaps by the time you thought of it, you didn't know where to reach me.
but you swore if you ever saw me again you'd ask.
i remember we said that if we could make it, we'd be there.
and if one of us didn't show up, it would be for a darn good reason.
well, i thought everything was fine until i saw you last night.
then i knew there must be something between us, even if it's only an ocean, so i bought myself a ticket.
she saw in it what i'd hoped you'd see, so i told courbet to give it to her
because he said she didn't have any money, and not only that, she was...
he thought it'd be a good idea if i took a trip while he consummated this big deal, because i have no head for business.
it's beyond me how the more money a corporation loses, the more it makes, because of the carryovers with the write-offs.
today our cameras are in the home of miss lois clarke, heiress to one of america's greatest fortunes.
in just a moment, we'll meet miss clarke and her fiancé, mr. nickie ferrante, and talk to them about their wonderful romance, which has gotten headlines in papers all over the country, a romance which has captured the imagination of the whole world.
i wanna thank you for what you're doin' for my son, tyrone.
now he won't grow up to be a mug like me.
you know, i can read your state of mind when you painted this.
you were very sorry for yourself when you painted this one.
i had a great deal to say and i painted it instead.
your being away, alone, for a long time has given you that grasp of...
if you paid for my getting well, he wouldn't like it, so i wouldn't like it.
then if you did get me well and i went to him, you wouldn't like it.
i was looking through a telephone book for a man named mcbride and i came across the name "t mckay".
i said to myself "could that possibly be terry mckay, my old friend?"
and then i said to myself "well, now, i haven't been very nice to miss mckay."
"after all, i had an appointment with her one day, and i didn't keep it."
so i said to myself i talk to myself quite a lot these days
i said "that's not a very nice way to treat an old friend like miss mckay."
the least i could have done was to have sent you a note.
perhaps, by the time you thought of it, you didn't know where to reach me?
i remember we said that if we could make it, we'd be there.
and if one of us didn't show up, it would be for a darn good reason.
i thought everything was fine until i saw you last night.
then i knew there must be something between us, even if it's only an ocean.
how could you speak of love to me, say the things you did, and you about to be married.
do you remember your words when i gave you the cigarette case?
this is frightfully intimate. i know just enough french to be embarrassed.
could you refine it a little and tell me in effect what it says?
because he had to go to texas on a big merger.
he thought it'd be a good idea if i took a trip while he consummated this big deal, because i have no head for business.
it's beyond me how the more money a corporation loses, the more it makes, because of the carryovers with the writeoffs.
the big secret seems to be to merge a sick corporation with a big, fat healthy one, and then everybody gets well.
mr ferrante, i'd like to have you meet my sister, miss hathaway, and my wife...
and when you were little, what did your nurse read to you at bedtime?
besides, i don't mind telling you i had planned only to live till i was 80.
now i am 82. lf i'm not going to die, i must start saving money for my old age.
i thought the empire state building was this way, and it's that way.
i think i'll get out here cos l'm in a hurry.
you know, i can read your state of mind when you painted this.
you were very sorry for yourself when you painted this one.
i had a great deal to say and i painted it instead.
your being away, alone, for a long time has given you that grasp of... i'll get it.
if you paid for my getting well, he wouldn't like it, so i wouldn't like it.
then if you did get me well and i went to him, you wouldn't like it.
well, i'm fine. i've got my job and i'm on a budget.
and if things come out right, and then maybe if i'm a very good girl, i'll get what i want next christmas.
i was looking through a telephone book for a man named mcbride and i came across the name "t mckay".
i said to myself "could that possibly be terry mckay, my old friend?"
and then i said to myself "well, now, i haven't been very nice to miss mckay."
"after all, i had an appointment with her one day, and i didn't keep it."
the least i could have done was to have sent you a note.
perhaps, by the time you thought of it, you didn't know where to reach me?
i remember we said that if we could make it, we'd be there.
and if one of us didn't show up, it would be for a darn good reason.
i don't consider such a trifle a miracle, that's just a child's play.
pardon me, but i don't have the honor of knowing your name.
on the north and the west india is bounded by a country inhabited by bald people.
on the north and the west india is bounded by a country inhabited by bald people.
if the earth were round... the water would flow off it and people would die of thirst.
the water would flow off it and people would die of thirst.
actually the earth is shaped like a flat disk and is washed on all sides by a great river called the ocean.
the earth rests on six elephants, the elephants stand on a huge turtle.
instead of reproaching me, you'd do better to explain how it is built.
that's not so easy, you have to know many subjects, and you don't even know how to read.
this palace belongs to the saviour of genies, unsurpassed in the knowledge of geography and other sciences, unexcelled in diving and swimming, the royal and young pioneer volka ibn alyosha.
glory to his name and the name of his fortunate parents.
please come with me at once to the circus for negotiations, or my head will come off.
just let anyone try to tear off the head of so worthy a person as you!
i don't consider such a trifle a miracle, that's just a child's play.
pardon me, but i don't have the honor of knowing your name.
on the north and the west india is bounded by a country inhabited by bald people.
on the north and the west india is bounded by a country inhabited by bald people.
if the earth were round... the water would flow off it and people would die of thirst.
the water would flow off it and people would die of thirst.
actually the earth is shaped like a flat disk and is washed on all sides by a great river called the ocean.
the earth rests on six elephants, the elephants stand on a huge turtle.
instead of reproaching me, you'd do better to explain how it is built.
that's not so easy, you have to know many subjects, and you don't even know how to read.
this palace belongs to the saviour of genies, unsurpassed in the knowledge of geography and other sciences, unexcelled in diving and swimming, the royal and young pioneer volka ibn alyosha.
glory to his name and the name of his fortunate parents.
in view of the fact that the entire "chisel" team has suddenly caught the measles,
the referees have decided to cancel the "chisel-puck" match until the "chisel" team recovers.
why, i'll turn them into scabby jackals, into ugly, disgusting toads.
but, no, it won't come to that, for they will surely be impressed by your answers.
if i say no one will hear, then no one will hear!
what i say to you will go straight from my respectful lips to your highly respected ears.
the water would flow off it and people would die of thirst.
actually the earth is shaped like a flat disk and is washed on all sides by a great river called the ocean.
the earth rests on six elephants, the elephants stand on a huge turtle.
that's what the world is like from the point of view of science.
don't worry about that, o the most prudent of all volkas!
i promise you, no one will give you a thought while we are away.
all these elephants, camels, horses, donkeys, and everything in those bags.
the people with the bags and animals belong to you, too.
surely each one will be pleased to have his own ball to play with.
don't you understand, you strange man, the whole point of football is to...
there was flaming youth with hip flasks flappers with bobbed hair, spit curls and rolled stockings.
young america was drawn by the lure of the big city, bright lights and jazz.
people there used to look down their noses at me like i was something the cat dragged in.
you don't know how mean the gossips in a small town can be.
larry and i are sort of the publicity agents for the thing.
the winner gets a thousand bucks and a two-week contract in broadway with a big musical.
one of them is going to walk out of here miss canada.
in a few moments, the judges will give us their decision.
the girls are broke, so we're all chipping in to keep them from being evicted.
which reminds me, i ought to give a mink-coat party sometime.
i don't think that any project that's been put before you will do more toward beautifying our city.
or provide so many jobs for the faithful members of our party.
ordinarily, i wouldn't impose upon her, but tonight i'm going to ask helen morgan to favor us with a song.
you keep the champagne nice and cool because i'll be right back.
i'd be pretty stupid to go into business with one, wouldn't i?
you'd be stupid not to listen to a good deal because a guy don't belong to the same clubs.
i mean, a fancy velvet rope don't mean nothing when you're still hired help.
mr. maddux, how good are you at keeping your mouth shut?
you're doing all right in my racket with my customers, but not for long, larry.
there's a new federal agent in town who's a real tough customer.
then i suggest you stop seeing him because i'll never give him a divorce.
i guess it would sound funny if i told you that russell is one of the only friends i've ever had.
at first i didn't believe it when i heard you were checking into a dump like this.
i must say you don't seem at all affected by hard times.
willie's in to the night watchman for 1100 clams and willie's got part of our action.
so he tells the watchman to take a powder or go out and get a cup of coffee and leave the door open.
you know, i read a story once about a woman who was married to a drunk.
he was a great guy, and she was nuts about him.
mr. and mrs. north and south america and all the ships at sea, let's go to press.
your reporter regrets he hasn't better news about helen morgan the sensational star who went down before the curtain did in her show last spring.
a friend is one who knows all about you but loves you just the same.
they told me that helen thinks she doesn't have any friends.
and helen morgan made some of the biggest of them all.
but her heart and her pocketbook were always open for an awful lot of people who needed a friend.
because even now that they have stopped shining for her they still leave a bright glow over the great white way.
for me, and for all of us who love the songs she sang the thunder of the '20s will rumble down broadway history.
and the purpose to this letter is to protect their project to build a hidden fortress in osaka castle.
if this project falls into the hands of tokugawa ieyasu the power of the toyotomi will collapse.
there are still some people trying to attack us, the toyotomi clan.
for that, i have a plan to build a fortress around this osaka castle.
i would like you to use your talented ninja skills to protect this project.
if my plans are stolen my power will collapse and this world will again be in chaos.
that's because i am worried what if a kidnapper walks in.
so first, i'm looking here, and then the little princess goes over there but sagiri is still here.
i assume that you haven't forgotten the commandment of the iga.
the ninja are not to be merciful to others and are not to receive any mercy.
through the centuries, science has made man's lifetime bigger and the world smaller.
now the farthest corner of the earth is as close as a pushbutton.
and time has lost all meaning as manmade devices speed many, many times faster than sound itself.
here, near the top of the world, free men struggle with the elements to create some measure of defense to protect that self-same freedom.
distant early warning radar, sensitive electronic devices to detect the presence of objects in the sky, including bombing planes and guided missiles and rain clouds and homing pigeons.
new radar installations must be calibrated by the flying of controlled test flights to check the accuracy of the equipment and to chart a detection profile of the area in order to pinpoint blind spots the radar cannot penetrate.
something that was almost the beginning of the end of life on this earth.
macafee reported instantly by radio the sighting of a ufo, an unidentified flying object.
the flight was scrambled and dispersed to cover as wide an area as possible.
and thanks to your not-so-funny false alarm, mr. macafee, one of those planes didn't come back.
they made a reservation for you on a commercial flight into new york city.
sending a car to take you and the young lady to the airport.
civil aeronautics board is sending up an investigating team first thing in the morning.
so is the air force, as soon as the cab is done.
there's a lot of the old folks around here believe that yarn.
but this is the first time i ever heard anybody claim he really saw the old witch.
i ordered guided missiles with atomic warheads made ready for every launching site in the country where the fallout pattern makes it safe to explode them.
the order you heard me give to make phase two operational was an order to fire those missiles the moment that bird is spotted anywhere!
science has proved that this is so, not in this earth nor in this solar system but somewhere in the universe there are stars, planets, whole galaxies made up of antimatter.
well, do you mean to say, doctor, that this bird is made of antimatter?
doctor, it's been proven that antimatter exists, but it's also been proven that whenever it comes in contact with ordinary matter, they annihilate one another, blow up.
why didn't the bird explode when it was hit, or when it touched something?
we had several of these feathers, this is the only piece left.
as a last resort, we tried testing them in electronic analyzers.
among those who knew of it, its existence was a closely guarded secret.
but even as arrangements were made for an emergency meeting of the president, the cabinet, the national defense board, and the joint chiefs of staff, even then, the bird revealed itself to the world at large
deprived of its source of food or energy, however the bird survives, the bird began a series of attacks on the ground, in a fantastic orgy of destruction never before seen.
nothing has been safe from attack by the bird, cattle, horses, fields, homes, trains, all manner of transportation.
it has become obvious that the bird is attracted by movement.
accordingly, your government and all the governments of the world have declared a state of emergency and instituted martial law.
in addition to grounding all aircraft, all surface transportation, cars, trucks, buses, trains, ships at sea, all such traffic must be halted at once.
the movement of food and essential supplies will be handled by the armed forces.
blackout conditions will be observed from sunset to dawn every night until further notice.
movement of any sort on the streets or highways during the daylight hours must be held to an absolute minimum and only where it has been authorized as essential.
i know you don't understand all this, general, but stick with me.
now, the mesic atom is extremely small, small enough to sift through the electron defenses of the ordinary atom
now if somebody will just deliver the eulogy, the deceased can be safely laid away to rest.
what's the matter with you, are you all nuts or something?
through the centuries, science has made man's lifetime bigger and the world smaller.
now the farthest corner of the earth is as close as a pushbutton.
and time has lost all meaning as manmade devices speed many, many times faster than sound itself.
here, near the top of the world, free men struggle with the elements to create some measure of defense to protect that self-same freedom.
distant early warning radar, sensitive electronic devices to detect the presence of objects in the sky, including bombing planes and guided missiles and rain clouds and homing pigeons.
new radar installations must be calibrated by the flying of controlled test flights to check the accuracy of the equipment and to chart a detection profile of the area in order to pinpoint blind spots the radar cannot penetrate.
something that was almost the beginning of the end of life on this earth.
macafee reported instantly by radio the sighting of a ufo, an unidentified flying object.
the flight was scrambled and dispersed to cover as wide an area as possible.
and thanks to your not-so-funny false alarm, mr. macafee, one of those planes didn't come back.
they made a reservation for you on a commercial flight into new york city.
sending a car to take you and the young lady to the airport.
civil aeronautics board is sending up an investigating team first thing in the morning.
so is the air force, as soon as the cab is done.
there's a lot of the old folks around here believe that yarn.
but this is the first time i ever heard anybody claim he really saw the old witch.
i ordered guided missiles with atomic warheads made ready for every launching site in the country where the fallout pattern makes it safe to explode them.
the order you heard me give to make phase two operational was an order to fire those missiles the moment that bird is spotted anywhere!
science has proved that this is so, not in this earth nor in this solar system but somewhere in the universe there are stars, planets, whole galaxies made up of antimatter.
well, do you mean to say, doctor, that this bird is made of antimatter?
doctor, it's been proven that antimatter exists, but it's also been proven that whenever it comes in contact with ordinary matter, they annihilate one another, blow up.
why didn't the bird explode when it was hit, or when it touched something?
we had several of these feathers, this is the only piece left.
as a last resort, we tried testing them in electronic analyzers.
among those who knew of it, its existence was a closely guarded secret.
but even as arrangements were made for an emergency meeting of the president, the cabinet, the national defense board, and the joint chiefs of staff, even then, the bird revealed itself to the world at large
deprived of its source of food or energy, however the bird survives, the bird began a series of attacks on the ground, in a fantastic orgy of destruction never before seen.
nothing has been safe from attack by the bird, cattle, horses, fields, homes, trains, all manner of transportation.
it has become obvious that the bird is attracted by movement.
accordingly, your government and all the governments of the world have declared a state of emergency and instituted martial law.
in addition to grounding all aircraft, all surface transportation, cars, trucks, buses, trains, ships at sea, all such traffic must be halted at once.
the movement of food and essential supplies will be handled by the armed forces.
blackout conditions will be observed from sunset to dawn every night until further notice.
movement of any sort on the streets or highways during the daylight hours must be held to an absolute minimum and only where it has been authorized as essential.
i know you don't understand all this, general, but stick with me.
now, the mesic atom is extremely small, small enough to sift through the electron defenses of the ordinary atom
now if somebody will just deliver the eulogy, the deceased can be safely laid away to rest.
what's the matter with you, are you all nuts or something?
originally, i was to play a different role, but i proved to be a rather bulky bookmark.
tonight's little volume takes us to exotic nearby mexico, home of the tortilla, the bullfight and the 40-hour coffee break.
it's certainly an improvement on those biscuit tins that evan builds.
evan is a modern architect and a very good one, too.
he fills out the death certificate, that's all there is to it.
janet, i don't want to sound callous about this, but i'm not gonna be a hypocrite either.
that is exactly what tomas salgado did, after pocketing the money you paid him.
i'm sorry for the inconvenience you have been caused, mr. wallace.
if we'd wanted the police to find the car, we wouldn't have needed you.
you didn't do a thing for the money we paid you.
if it's more, i'll pay it out of my own pocket.
well, that's darn nice of you, considering i own that pocket of yours.
you see, all mexicans are very religious people, and for any mexican to deny the final rite to a departed soul, it's unthinkable.
now based on this fact, my brilliant deduction led me to investigate the alley where rafael found your abandoned car.
originally, i was to play a different role, but i proved to be a rather bulky bookmark.
tonight's little volume takes us to exotic nearby mexico, home of the tortilla, the bullfight and the 40-hour coffee break.
it's certainly an improvement on those biscuit tins that evan builds.
evan is a modern architect and a very good one, too.
janet, i don't want to sound callous about this, but i'm not gonna be a hypocrite either.
she was an old tyrant, and we put up with her crazy whims for only one reason.
now, you're in a great hurry, so i'll have to put every available man on the case.
that means five times expenses, 75, gratuities, 25, overtime five times.
if salgado finds the car, he's sure to know about auntie.
and all we can do is offer him money to keep him quiet.
then i would suggest that the next time you have difficulty in tijuana, you inform the police.
that is exactly what tomas salgado did, after pocketing the money you paid him.
i'm sorry for the inconvenience you have been caused, mr. wallace.
the car was taken merely for a joy ride by a juvenile.
if it's more, i'll pay it out of my own pocket.
well, that's darn nice of you, considering i own that pocket of yours.
you see, all mexicans are very religious people, and for any mexican to deny the final rite to a departed soul, it's unthinkable.
now based on this fact, my brilliant deduction led me to investigate the alley where rafael found your abandoned car.
the wallaces eventually recovered mrs. tait's body, but this only led to another dilemma.
mrs. tait had always scorned the beauties of burial in southern california.
and your betty has informed the police about you and the lately departed mr. gallagher.
luckily, i can furnish an alibi to your whereabouts that evening.
and your betty has informed the police about you and the lately departed mr. gallagher.
luckily, i can furnish an alibi to your whereabouts that evening.
and your betty has informed the police about you and the lately departed mr. gallagher.
luckily, i can furnish an alibi to your whereabouts that evening.
and your betty has informed the police about you and the lately departed mr. gallagher.
luckily, i can furnish an alibi to your whereabouts that evening.
why have we been dragged out of bed at this unearthly hour?
my dear girl, are you aware that millions of people in the british isles have already been hard at work for three hours and more.
the outdoor staff will also be present, but i shall speak to them later.
the order of entry will be posted on the notice board after luncheon.
my friends, it is now nearly two years since we received the woeful news, that the good ship bluebell had encountered disaster, followed by the tragic tidings concerning lord loam, his family and others.
we give thanks that the gallant captain and his crew and all his other passengers were so providentially rescued.
we are further honoured today by the presence amongst us of a great lady.
the countess of brocklehurst was the first to contribute to the loam memorial fund.
indeed, so generously that i am happy to tell you there was quite a little piece ieftover for the organ fund.
well, as you all know there were plans afoot for lord loam's eldest girl to have married my son.
well, i'm awfully sorry, old man, but she's just such a glorious creature.
you two forget that tweeny's the only one of them that i can marry, of course, if the governor chooses mary.
dearly beloved, we are gathered together here in the sight of god and in the face of this congregation to loin together this man and this woman in holy matrimony which is an honourable estate, institute of god in the time of man's innocence.
william, will thou have this woman for thy wedded wife, to live together after god's ordinance in the holiest state of matrimony?
mary, will thou have this man for thy wedded husband to live together after god's ordinance in the holiest state of matrimony?
will thou obey him and serve him, love, honour and keep him in sickness and in health, and forsaking all other keep thee only unto him so long as you both shall live?
young people will be young people, even on an island, crichton.
i suppose there was a certain amount of, shall we say, sentimentalising, going on.
next time, we'll see if you shower or use a bathtub.
the experts say that there is nothing better than cold water.
but when a man dies in the name of a cause, this is, after all, a sublime contribution.
if it is because of important things, freedom, justice and ...
it is with great admiration that we all follow the stories his brilliant exploits against enemy forces in combat and face to face.
we are proud to welcome him as an example of heroic german youth
later, you will be received by the mayor and the municipal council.
tomorrow morning, ... breakfast with the commander-in-chief of the italian air force.
i always knew that sooner or later this would come to an end.
but in my case it had to be a bizarre end.
mr windsor came to interview you and finally drove you to london airport.
then, at the request of a mr kaufmann, you met miss veldon.
well, either at the clinic or st matthew's, i don't know which.
was it unusual for dr latimer to be late for an appointment?
well, anyway, you only have to get hold of geoffrey windsor.
we found it a little difficult getting hold of geoffrey windsor, sir.
but i've got to have time to sort things out and i can't do that while i'm diagnosing other people's troubles.
it seems to me that the key to this whole problem is this chap, windsor.
you know, your friend has strange taste, if i may say so.
you'll have to make some changes if you're going to stay here any length of time, won't you?
you're not a very good judge of character, if i may say so.
first, you think i'm a detective and now you think i'm a blackmailer.
- miss veldon was found in your flat and her name was in your appointments book.
and then there's this telephone conversation that started the whole business.
just after you left, this man, brady, came to see me.
he offered me a photograph of geoffrey windsor and myself at the airport,
i tried to kid him along, pretending i hadn't seen you.
i expected him to ask me all sorts of questions about you, the murder, charles kaufmann.
they'd think that dr latimer had put me up to it.
well, if it wasn't dr kimber who sent you to see dr latimer, then who was it?
he hasn't arrived for the simple reason he's still in new york.
dr latimer, last time we met i asked you if you had any idea
tell him i want 4,000 pounds and i want it by tomorrow.
and if he doesn't hand the money over to you by tomorrow,
now, if you don't mind, i'm extremely tired and i'd like to go to bed.
why didn't you tell me you were mixed up in this?
well, i've told you all i know about windsor, kimber and laura james and you've made absolutely no comment whatsoever.
dr latimer, over the past few days, have you ever stopped to think why you haven't been arrested?
just over a year ago, i went to berlin to investigate an organisation called digrenza.
they had their headquarters in a little cafe called the brass candlestick.
they specialised in forged passports, illegal permits and visas and that sort of thing.
i found that the head of the outfit was an englishman, a gentleman by the name of henson.
because we knew that those matches contained a report from the berlin people, you see.
well, er... this mr henson certainly seems to have had it in for me, doesn't he?
it isn't everybody who can raise 4,000 pounds at a moment's notice.
latimer, i had a devil of a time getting this money and i want to make sure that...
a year ago, i was friendly with a girl who became involved in a murder case.
although it had nothing to do with me, she threatened to drag me into it.
i didn't really suspect you until the night kimber recognised your car outside the hospital.
i thought at first it was laura he was looking at.
they mark the beginning of a new fase in the progress of mankind.
perhaps the greatest single step toward achieving communication between the planets.
i was writing a column in the office of a los angeles record telegram
somebody spoke to me, now next thing i know i woke up here.
the populations of rockhurst cove and other costal communities are being evacuated on the assumption that the object might very well have been a mine.
there has been much speculation on on both sides of the english channel
that all 5 of the aliens' visitors may be acting under orders to place the alleged weapons in strategic positions.
all we have to do is get rid of our capsules, huh?
ever since the alien came into their lives, they have been waiting.waiting for they don't know what.
those characters you're feeling sorry for are so full of hate they'd lynch us if they get their hands on us.
american warmongers are screaming that knowledge of the alien weapon makes them undisputed rulers of the world.
ivan godofsky who refused his country information which might have protected it against the american threats, will go down as the greatest traitor this country has ever known.
it is because of that concern that they must withhold my information.
the white house feels that you should give us some idea of the alien's mission.
the box and the contents cannot in themselves be harmful to anyone
you must realize, professor that there is at least one and probably two of these boxes behind the iron curtain.
i will be most grateful for your views on several ideas of mine.
and i, dr,would like to have your views on almost everything.
one man answering the description of jonathan clark has already been killed.
remember, clark is only in condemn for refusal to obey a congressional summons to surrender to the authorities.
do you think maybe a man could be so pigheaded wrong he can't see the truth even when it's spelled out for him?
i wouldn't have much respect for a man who wasn't pigheaded.when he was sure he was right.
it seemed pretty obvious that all we had to do was keep them hidden till the 27 days were up.
even the chinese girl and ivan, devem would have seen that.
i hate to think what may be happening to ivan and the chinese girl.
do you think if ivan talked his government would use the weapon?
i thought you told me that the world was built on self preservation.
and the most important thing in life was to look out for number one.
a lot of my convictions are beginning to wear pretty thin the last few days.
for instance, i had a very strong conviction that there was no woman alive that could make me fall in love.
so as not to alarm the public, the test must be conducted in absolute secrecy.
for this reason and even more compelling moral ones, we cannot use condemned criminals.
if you were to launch the bombs against someone when would you do it?
at the last possible moment, so that your enemies have no chance of striking back.
in hope that every human being within reach of a radio receiver may hear his reply.
if we succeed in contacting him we have asked that he answer our invitation at midnight.
they mark the beginning of a new phase in the progress of mankind.
perhaps the greatest single step toward achieving communication between the planets.
i was writing a column in the office of a los angeles record telegram
somebody spoke to me, now next thing i know i woke up here.
the populations of rockhurst cove and other coastal communities are being evacuated on the assumption that the object might very well have been a mine.
there has been much speculation on on both sides of the english channel
that all 5 of the aliens' visitors may be acting under orders to place the alleged weapons in strategic positions.
all we have to do is get rid of our capsules, huh?
ever since the alien came into their lives, they have been waiting.waiting for they don't know what.
those characters you're feeling sorry for are so full of hate they'd lynch us if they get their hands on us.
american warmongers are screaming that knowledge of the alien weapon makes them undisputed rulers of the world.
ivan godofsky who refused his country information which might have protected it against the american threats, will go down as the greatest traitor this country has ever known.
it is because of that concern that they must withhold my information.
the white house feels that you should give us some idea of the alien's mission.
the box and the contents cannot in themselves be harmful to anyone
you must realize, professor that there is at least one and probably two of these boxes behind the iron curtain.
i will be most grateful for your views on several ideas of mine.
and i, dr,would like to have your views on almost everything.
one man answering the description of jonathan clark has already been killed.
remember, clark is only in condemn for refusal to obey a congressional summons to surrender to the authorities.
do you think maybe a man could be so pigheaded wrong he can't see the truth even when it's spelled out for him?
i wouldn't have much respect for a man who wasn't pigheaded.when he was sure he was right.
it seemed pretty obvious that all we had to do was keep them hidden till the 27 days were up.
even the chinese girl and ivan, devem would have seen that.
i hate to think what may be happening to ivan and the chinese girl.
do you think if ivan talked his government would use the weapon?
i thought you told me that the world was built on self preservation.
and the most important thing in life was to look out for number one.
a lot of my convictions are beginning to wear pretty thin the last few days.
for instance, i had a very strong conviction that there was no woman alive that could make me fall in love.
so as not to alarm the public, the test must be conducted in absolute secrecy.
for this reason and even more compelling moral ones, we cannot use condemned criminals.
if you were to launch the bombs against someone when would you do it?
at the last possible moment, so that your enemies have no chance of striking back.
in hope that every human being within reach of a radio receiver may hear his reply.
if we succeed in contacting him we have asked that he answer our invitation at midnight.
you'll get this treatment till you get rid of every head of stock on your place.
and i'm warning you, indian, if one of our animals comes down sick, we'll see more than you just don't cross your boundaries.
i have to buy my stuff through the man who runs the pharmacy.
he is about the only one who will admit we're human.
we will not be driven from our land like my father.
that's joe peavey, the one i was fighting- the one who killed my horse.
you have had three beatings, and-and you know it won't stop at that.
you carry your gun, but-but you say it's for snakes and deadly things, and-and not for killing people.
well, then you have wasted your journey, because all we have to offer is cows that are dying and land we are being driven from.
you told peavey he'd have to pay for that horse he shot.
not a chance... not with a mcnally telling 'em how to think.
science has absolutely no standing in a community where they still bury chicken heads by the light of the moon to get rid of warts.
but just give us time to pack and leave so we don't have to look at him.
i don't think he'll be here more than a few moments.
bogey came into our radar net across bering sea from siberia.
we must assume it is russian as it does not show i.f.f.
it's a yak 12, and i've got a perfect bead on him.
shall i slam him, or should i just saw off one of his wings?
but— i don't want this angle to get into the records.
so i'll leave it to you to inform your people and the f.b.i. you do the same with the c.i.a.
well, it's, uh, the best i can do at the moment.
in other words, i'm attractive to you... in every way except politically?
it won't be bad after the air conditioning gets to work.
you think that clerk'll be able to locate the justice of peace?
i've had a lot of experience in that sort of work.
and the only way you can get out of this field is to have a gate pass.
this is my husband, colonel shannon, late of the united states air force.
colonel shannon, it's a rare privilege to welcome an american air force officer to the soviet union, however late.
the russian government says they have no record... of a colonel james shannon being found in siberia or elsewhere as yet.
i guess that means shannon hasn't reached the end of his rope.
i had no idea colonel sokolov was so well-informed, or you either for that matter.
if you're gonna get anywhere with these things, you'd better breed yourselves a race of midgets.
i'll arrange to have the final dose placed in his food.
it will be a massive one, but completely tasteless... in either a stew or an omelet.
bogey came into our radar net across bering sea from siberia.
we must assume it is russian as it does not show i.f.f.
maybe you think i don't, because i want that russian jet down here undamaged.
all i want you to do is go up alongside of him and attract his attention.
it won't be bad after the air conditioning gets to work.
you think that clerk'll be able to locate the justice of peace?
that's the worst they can do to me, and a $10,000 fine.
put 10 years on top of that for transmitting stolen information... and another $10,000 fine.
i've had a lot of experience in that sort of work.
and the only way you can get out of this field is to have a gate pass.
i had no idea colonel sokolov was so well-informed, or you either for that matter.
if you're gonna get anywhere with these things, you'd better breed yourselves a race of midgets.
bogey came into our radar net across bering sea from siberia.
we must assume it is russian as it does not show i.f.f.
it's a yak 12, and i've got a perfect bead on him.
shall i slam him, or should i just saw off one of his wings?
but— i don't want this angle to get into the records.
so i'll leave it to you to inform your people and the f.b.i. you do the same with the c.i.a.
well, it's, uh, the best i can do at the moment.
in other words, i'm attractive to you... in every way except politically?
it won't be bad after the air conditioning gets to work.
you think that clerk'll be able to locate the justice of peace?
i've had a lot of experience in that sort of work.
and the only way you can get out of this field is to have a gate pass.
this is my husband, colonel shannon, late of the united states air force.
colonel shannon, it's a rare privilege to welcome an american air force officer to the soviet union, however late.
the russian government says they have no record... of a colonel james shannon being found in siberia or elsewhere as yet.
i guess that means shannon hasn't reached the end of his rope.
i had no idea colonel sokolov was so well-informed, or you either for that matter.
if you're gonna get anywhere with these things, you'd better breed yourselves a race of midgets.
i'll arrange to have the final dose placed in his food.
it will be a massive one, but completely tasteless... in either a stew or an omelet.
bogey came into our radar net across bering sea from siberia.
we must assume it is russian as it does not show i.f.f.
maybe you think i don't, because i want that russian jet down here undamaged.
all i want you to do is go up alongside of him and attract his attention.
it won't be bad after the air conditioning gets to work.
you think that clerk'll be able to locate the justice of peace?
that's the worst they can do to me, and a $10,000 fine.
put 10 years on top of that for transmitting stolen information... and another $10,000 fine.
i've had a lot of experience in that sort of work.
and the only way you can get out of this field is to have a gate pass.
i had no idea colonel sokolov was so well-informed, or you either for that matter.
if you're gonna get anywhere with these things, you'd better breed yourselves a race of midgets.
bogey came into our radar net across bering sea from siberia.
we must assume it is russian as it does not show i.f.f.
i'm putting you in full charge and holding you completely responsible.
but- i don't want this angle to get into the records.
you may go where you want and see what you like.
i was instructed to give you the same treatment and hospitality... that was given to those other two russian fliers, one of whom has already returned to russia.
i believe in looking at merchandise before i pay for it.
so do i. i'd really like to know about these maneuvers.
an alien cannot be deported if it works a hardship on an american citizen.
jim shannon, do you realize you've cooked your whole career just to get this girl out of a jam?
that's the worst they can do to me, and a $10,000 fine.
put 10 years on top of that for transmitting stolen information... and another $10,000 fine.
well, how'd you get by those f.b.i. men that were planted around our house?
i've had a lot of experience in that sort of work.
this is my husband, colonel shannon, late of the united states air force.
colonel shannon, it's a rare privilege to welcome an american air force officer to the soviet union, however late.
i'm sorry, olga, but you have no choice in the matter.
i was instructed to give you this in case you proved reluctant.
all the magazines and papers in the united states... have had big spreads on it, including diagrams.
and we only do that with projects we've decided to abandon.
i was in command of the 5th air force... operating under the united nations' command.
this plane was just one of the many involved in our operations.
but the story of colonel hess... is more than a dramatic demonstration of one man's capacity for good.
it is an affirmation of the essential goodness of the human spirit.
i've tried it now for almost two years, trying to make amends.
you can't forget those children in the german orphanage, can you?
these noble americans totally destroyed an orphanage and church, murdering 37 children!
a crime so despicable that even hell won't have its perpetrator!
our mission is to give instruction... to a detail of korean pilots in our aircraft and tactics.
but before they and the planes get here, i want this place cleaned up.
guess i should have gone through channels in the first place and put in for some engineers.
yeah, and they might get to us by the end of the war.
not that we were extra religious, it's just that thanksgiving is special to farm folk.
if we had a good year, the table would be piled so high with food... that you could hear the joints creak.
you see, colonel, i've come to the conclusion... that god and all his reasons are invisible to the eyes of man.
so, i guess we have to be satisfied... if he even gives us light enough to take our next step, do our next chore.
she was just about ready to throw that into the ammunition dump.
chong had suspected her ever since the day you let her on the post with those kids.
she picked up those poor, starving kids to make her look good.
i've drawn an order making the base out-of-bounds to all civilians.
to a buddhist temple not far from here where we hope to find shelter.
i am a christian, you understand, but a house of god is for anyone.
it's the best we could do on short notice, but don't worry.
when the colonel and me get on the ball, it rolls!
and while mary wants to keep it from you at present,
i believe you should know that she is going to have a baby.
colonel, may a poor old carver of ivory babble for a moment?
understand, it is babble and may have no more worth than a handful of sand.
all the other airstrips are socked in even worse than we are.
not a plane in the whole area can get off the ground.
and for the first time, in trying to bring him a measure of peace,
i felt that i may have been the instrument... that i had wanted and needed to be.
there's an airstrip eight or 10 more miles down this road.
from there, we might be able to get the children to cheju.
so, i thought that being of service to those little ones... is something that can never be destroyed.
we're hoping to get them to cheju, but it seems almost impossible.
a lot of people have asked me for the facts about that affair.
i certainly have no objection to telling my side of it.
the whole thing began out in beverly hills, the night of the california invitational a golf tournament.
i'd picked johnny strawn in the sportswriters' calcutta a sort of lottery.
mike, tell the guy about the guy that wears the glasses and the umpire....
i say johnny strawn will be the best golfer in america in 10 years.
do you, marilla, take michael to be your lawfully wedded husband to love and to cherish....
after a honeymoon of exactly 20 and a half hours, we flew to new york our arms locked the whole way.
all i knew was that she had straight teeth and the kind of expansion men seemed to favor.
i measured it mentally against my own, came off a bad second and tore her carefully into small pieces.
at the office, i was the target of the usual ribbing and laughter associated with holy matrimony.
luke coslow, the office boy, came up with a real side-splitter.
"the great martin daylor, calling himself a fight promoter is promoting mostly daylor.
he has a string on every fighter and manager in new york.
i was speaking of lori shannon the girl you are probably worried about.
however, since you've retired from the field you might inform miss shannon of a handsome, young newspaperman who would be very, very happy to substitute at any...
1 1:00 a.m. she was probably still at her tv rehearsal.
"there'll be a change in the weather and a change in the sea.
i heard all about her fine sense of humor and her clothes and the cute way she had of tilting her head when she laughed.
...tossing her head when she laughs, sort of like a pony.
but i wasn't going to ruin my second day of marriage with petty jealousies.
for some reason, i'd pictured marilla living in a one-room kitchenette with a girlfriend who studied music.
there's one actor, one playwright, one composer two actresses, a television director.
and the old bag in the blue dress is jennifer dean, a designer.
you take the little girl east, show her the big city let her meet a few people.
then you find out she knows all of new york, and owns a sizeable chunk of it.
i didn't know anything about the designing business and she didn't know anything about sports.
during the day, we lived in two separate worlds, about five miles apart.
he gets his brains loosened every time he climbs in there.
but he pays you extra dues, so you see to it he gets plenty of action.
one of the men, the older one, was being punched constantly.
you wouldn't think they'd get hit so much with those heavy gloves on.
but you could do better by sending him to a good psychiatrist.
i don't know a good psychiatrist, but if i did, i might visit him myself after this evening.
he's angry at you, mr. hagen for going on writing those stories about him after he asked you not to.
what we're here for is not to hurt you or anything like that.
i'll place a few local calls now and then but i'd like the party to think i'm out of town.
so you say that chicago is calling, or kansas city, or whatever i tell you.
here i was, happily married to the loveliest creature in new york.
and here i was, shacked up in a hotel with a punchy ex-middleweight.
all you have to do is broach the subject as tastefully as possible.
find out if she ever knew him, and then tell me about it.
marilla, deceit and collusion are completely out of tune with your character.
i know it, but please, zach, i can't go on working like this.
miss shannon i'd like to know, and please answer very frankly if i may feel free to call on you at your apartment and take you to dinner as often as the spirit moves us both?
in time, as you learn to know me better i hope our friendship will ripen into something shall we say more neighborly?
but strangely enough, after the fourth, i found the solution to the whole problem.
i would see lori that night and fix up a story.
some day i'm going to design a purse you can't forget.
it'll have a little bell or something that tinkles madly whenever you leave it behind.
i could've gone to the apartment and asked him to wait.
but whenever i do that i'm always afraid they'll think i'm trying to cheat them.
"lt is not who you know that matters in this world, but what you know."
for instance, i know that mike hagen is hiding out in the gage hotel.
it's too bad i can't get to mrs. hagen on time.
considering how warm this slice really is, i think it's a very fair fee, mike.
up to the moment, no, but i'm beginning to find the prospect very alluring.
i still haven't heard what my husband was doing shoeless in your apartment.
he came there that night to make up a lie about us.
give him a chance and he'll tell it to you sometime.
a lot of people have asked me for the facts about that affair.
i certainly have no objection to telling my side of it.
the whole thing began out in beverly hills, the night of the california invitational a golf tournament.
i'd picked johnny strawn in the sportswriters' calcutta a sort of lottery.
mike, tell the guy about the guy that wears the glasses and the umpire....
i say johnny strawn will be the best golfer in america in 10 years.
do you, marilla, take michael to be your lawfully wedded husband to love and to cherish....
after a honeymoon of exactly 20 and a half hours, we flew to new york our arms locked the whole way.
all i knew was that she had straight teeth and the kind of expansion men seemed to favor.
i measured it mentally against my own, came off a bad second and tore her carefully into small pieces.
at the office, i was the target of the usual ribbing and laughter associated with holy matrimony.
luke coslow, the office boy, came up with a real side-splitter.
"the great martin daylor, calling himself a fight promoter is promoting mostly daylor.
he has a string on every fighter and manager in new york.
i was speaking of lori shannon the girl you are probably worried about.
however, since you've retired from the field you might inform miss shannon of a handsome, young newspaperman who would be very, very happy to substitute at any...
1 1:00 a.m. she was probably still at her tv rehearsal.
"there'll be a change in the weather and a change in the sea.
i heard all about her fine sense of humor and her clothes and the cute way she had of tilting her head when she laughed.
...tossing her head when she laughs, sort of like a pony.
but i wasn't going to ruin my second day of marriage with petty jealousies.
for some reason, i'd pictured marilla living in a one-room kitchenette with a girlfriend who studied music.
there's one actor, one playwright, one composer two actresses, a television director.
and the old bag in the blue dress is jennifer dean, a designer.
you take the little girl east, show her the big city let her meet a few people.
then you find out she knows all of new york, and owns a sizeable chunk of it.
i didn't know anything about the designing business and she didn't know anything about sports.
during the day, we lived in two separate worlds, about five miles apart.
he gets his brains loosened every time he climbs in there.
but he pays you extra dues, so you see to it he gets plenty of action.
one of the men, the older one, was being punched constantly.
you wouldn't think they'd get hit so much with those heavy gloves on.
but you could do better by sending him to a good psychiatrist.
i don't know a good psychiatrist, but if i did, i might visit him myself after this evening.
he's angry at you, mr. hagen for going on writing those stories about him after he asked you not to.
what we're here for is not to hurt you or anything like that.
i'll place a few local calls now and then but i'd like the party to think i'm out of town.
so you say that chicago is calling, or kansas city, or whatever i tell you.
here i was, happily married to the loveliest creature in new york.
and here i was, shacked up in a hotel with a punchy ex-middleweight.
all you have to do is broach the subject as tastefully as possible.
find out if she ever knew him, and then tell me about it.
marilla, deceit and collusion are completely out of tune with your character.
i know it, but please, zach, i can't go on working like this.
miss shannon i'd like to know, and please answer very frankly if i may feel free to call on you at your apartment and take you to dinner as often as the spirit moves us both?
in time, as you learn to know me better i hope our friendship will ripen into something shall we say more neighborly?
but strangely enough, after the fourth, i found the solution to the whole problem.
i would see lori that night and fix up a story.
some day i'm going to design a purse you can't forget.
it'll have a little bell or something that tinkles madly whenever you leave it behind.
i could've gone to the apartment and asked him to wait.
but whenever i do that i'm always afraid they'll think i'm trying to cheat them.
"lt is not who you know that matters in this world, but what you know."
for instance, i know that mike hagen is hiding out in the gage hotel.
it's too bad i can't get to mrs. hagen on time.
considering how warm this slice really is, i think it's a very fair fee, mike.
up to the moment, no, but i'm beginning to find the prospect very alluring.
i still haven't heard what my husband was doing shoeless in your apartment.
he came there that night to make up a lie about us.
give him a chance and he'll tell it to you sometime.
as you see, this week i'm very much pressed for time.
however, i shall be glad to squeeze you in for our customary session.
and must you play that everlasting game of patience every night?
i would think a bank manager could find something more useful to do with his time.
talking to that young girl as if she were a contemporary.
i'll never be able to hold up my head in exminster again.
it only goes to her husband if she doesn't make a will.
and have you any suggestions, who i should leave my diamond tiaras and my mink coats to?
now, we've agreed that it's to be done on a wednesday because that's the girl's afternoon off.
then it would be a good idea for you to start being at the club on wednesday afternoons.
well, since everything we're planning is for minnie, in a way, she'll just have to put up with it.
and you'd better start taking a bag with you to the club on wednesday afternoons.
as you see, this week i'm very much pressed for time.
however, i shall be glad to squeeze you in for our customary session.
and must you play that everlasting game of patience every night?
i would think a bank manager could find something more useful to do with his time.
talking to that young girl as if she were a contemporary.
i'll never be able to hold up my head in exminster again.
it only goes to her husband if she doesn't make a will.
and have you any suggestions, who i should leave my diamond tiaras and my mink coats to?
now, we've agreed that it's to be done on a wednesday because that's the girl's afternoon off.
then it would be a good idea for you to start being at the club on wednesday afternoons.
well, since everything we're planning is for minnie, in a way, she'll just have to put up with it.
and you'd better start taking a bag with you to the club on wednesday afternoons.
however, i shall be glad to squeeze you in for our customary session.
tonight's story is about a man whose driving ambition was to become a widower.
i saw you last night at mrs. bryce's, making a complete fool of yourself.
talking to that young girl as if she were a contemporary.
i come home from the club and see a car parked in front of the house.
i go to the front door and bridget, the maid, meets me, tears streaming down her face.
but i should think any able-bodied man would have the strength to climb down a rope.
yes, but you have to have the strength to climb back up a rope.
yeah, and she gives me some back for me train fares.
i like a young man who gives money to his mother.
and, er, oh, today's her birthday, so i want to give her the horse as a present.
i couldn't pay you till tomorrow but i must give it to her today.
'number 13 carries blue, white hooped sleeves 'and blue and white quartered cap.
'number three carries eight stone 'and number 13 carries eight stone two.'
of four children i am the only who was sent to the countryside...
grannie says it's because i've been so weak as a child...
if you loved my mother, why did you break up with her?
and if you can't break up with mother tatsuko why can't you love her?
she has a clean record locally until that robbery rap, also in riverside.
paul, i want all the information you can get on mervyn aldritch.
shortly thereafter, mr. merrill is found dead, shot with a .38.
and he has a pillowcase over his head, a pillowcase from this very apartment house.
why don't you come in and watch us shoot for a while?
i wish i could, but i wanted to talk to you.
i suggest the peculiar mark on that tree may be a bullet hole.
we'll recess, go to the scene of the crime, and reconvene at 3 this afternoon.
how can he say that when we can't identify the fatal bullet?
then how can he say the fatal bullet was fired from this gun?
your honour, the prosecution contends that this is the murder weapon.
a gun which has been in police possession since lieutenant tragg took it from me.
this gun, the gun with the file mark, is the one you brought into court today.
but the one with no mark, this is the gun the ballistics expert says fired two bullets, which were taken from the tree and the post.
this is the gun lieutenant tragg took from me and which the prosecution claims was in the possession of evelyn bagby on the night of the murder.
your honour, the prosecution contends that evelyn bagby was in possession of this gun, the gun without the file marks on the night of the murder.
a short time ago, i went to see you in riverside.
i looked through your registry cards for the night of april 12th.
now, it's up to the general to decide whether there's gonna be a court-martial or not.
yeah, but in a case like cargill's, there can't be any doubt, can there?
the bourgeoisie, which owns and controls the means and instruments of production, has exploited the working class which depends upon it.
but thereby the bourgeoisie has also forged the weapons of its own destruction.
it is a cause to which all men of goodwill everywhere can dedicate their energies, their talents and their lives.
in communism there is only one class and it works for peace.
in fact, sir, eight of the nine men that died in our shack died of dysentery.
you see, sir, in cases of bacillary dysentery, the incidence of death is pretty high.
but as long as the colonel has opened up the subject for further discussion,
i would like to say that i don't like the whole idea of the colonel handling this case.
let's say there's a major who's at this same camp who went over to the enemy to save his own neck and comes out of the whole deal alive.
baker, there is a prescribed routine in all cases involving possible court-martial, right?
i know how painful all this must be for you, but unfortunately, it's necessary.
i'm here because i'm trying very hard to be fair to your husband, to give him every chance, but i can't do it alone.
well, can you think of any reason why he won't defend himself?
have you come here to ask me to appear as a witness?
"why can't they all belong to just one thing, the human race?"
mrs. cargill, a man who felt that way might be ripe for a cause, and if it were the wrong cause, i'm afraid...
have they twisted our thinking so that a man has to be afraid of a decent instinct?
so that he has to be ashamed to show some concern for his fellow man?
corporal, any time you want to interfere with my train of thought,
i mean, if you notice anything that strikes you as being peculiar...
i've let you take your time even when i thought you were taking more time than was necessary.
but mrs. cargill is hardly a competent witness to something that happened in a korean prison camp 9,000 miles away.
bill, i don't want to do this, but now i feel compelled to ask you officially for the first time, what's going on in this case?
i just can't make any recommendation, sir, until i have all the facts.
he almost broke down and cried when he talked about my boy.
told me that one of the men at the camp had died.
sir, we have what is commonly known as a situation around here.
as a matter of fact, the colonel is down in the general's office right this minute.
and he's in the act of what's described in military language as getting...
he's being chewed out, as they say, sir, severely chewed out.
i'm going to explain something to you, miss phi beta kappa.
when one is retired by the army, one does not put an ad in the new york times saying,
so for an ex-army man, there's no other place to go.
now, the army needs guys like the colonel, because he's fair, he listens and he'll give a guy a break.
why is truth considered to be so bright and shining and wonderful?
truth can be rotten and destructive and more vicious than any lie.
and there was a period of three months when nobody died.
and then suddenly, very suddenly, as a matter of fact, in a 48-hour period,
it didn't trouble you that probably 200 million asiatics were hanging in the balance?
that your words were weapons against everything you ever believed in.
the way i figure, colonel kim must have been getting impatient.
you know, all that time had gone by, nobody cracked or anything, so he's getting ready for his showdown.
you told them, connors, because when they came here, they knew exactly what to look for.
they were looking for a guy with a knife on him.
what's gonna happen when they start putting pressure on the whole human race?
did i see the beginning of the end, and am i the only one who knows it?
anything he was going to say would have meant absolutely nothing.
you wouldn't have hit him if you didn't know what he was going to say.
why are we always so much quicker to blame those we love rather than those we hate?
is it because weakness in them is somehow weakness in ourselves?
so maybe i'll be allowed to speak a few words on his behalf.
a man can be a hero all his life, but if in the last month of it or the last week or even the last minute, the pressure becomes too great and he breaks, then he's branded for life.
and then one day, a man does break and his own men kill him for it.
and the commander of the camp is furious because he's been robbed of the one victory he's been able to achieve.
concerning the charges in the case of major harry cargill, recommendation is as follows.
considerable evidence has been amassed to prove that major cargill willingly collaborated with the enemy.
there is now also evidence to indicate that he did so unselfishly and to preserve the lives of his fellow prisoners.
although he was mistaken in his judgment, he was surely no traitor.
- it would be great honor if your excellency... would agree to light the eternal flame in this cauldron.
a sacred torch will be carried across the country... by our national relay team.
all your excellency would have to do... is to take the torch from the hand of the last runner... and ignite the eternal flame.
well, as long as i don't have to do any running myself, i'm your man.
when i asked them to send a man out here, i never thought they'd send you, son.
i guess you were planning on seeing jack rhyce or bill gibson.
- say, by the way, how are you coming along with my papers?
- oh, i put them on the teletype, so don't worry.
very lucky you had room key in pocket... or steam bath attendant could not know where to bring you.
all hotel guests are supposed to leave their keys at the desk.
would you like to know what happened after we left you last night?
well, i'm sure it's a very interesting story, but i want to get dressed.
he came all the way from formosa just to see me.
and then when we left you last night, he hardly said a word.
in pocket of his shirt, crumpled up and stained by blood, this note.
signature not existing... but very much existing... name of person to which note is written.
koko, i am a good friend of your father's, and he's a wonderful man.
when he comes home, koko will tell him you saying so.
not because it was filled with gold and pearls... because there wasn't any gold and there weren't any pearls.
but he had the greatest treasure any man can ever have.
in all that time, i have been able to take a bath... tie my shoelaces, go fishing and visit the opera... without a lot of people in trench coats following me around.
your work here is too important to america, to japan, to the whole world, to be gambled away.
study of, uh, handwriting identifies the writer... as venerable wife of high commissioner.
and you, mr. fannon- surprisingly, a visitor at the high commissioner's residence yesterday.
- mr. fannon... from now on, we are sailing in the same boat.
we'll make the chief duty of tokyo police to investigate these 23 firms.
up until 10 minutes ago, i thought it had a lot to do with it... but now i'm not so sure.
either this is the best cover ever devised, or i've been following the wrong man.
ever since dawn today, across bridges, down roads, along lakes... a japanese relay team has been running... from the great southern shrine to this peninsula.
they are bringing a torch - a torch which bears a sacred flame.
we're on the road above lake hakone, with historic mount fuji in the background.
the next relay runner is waiting to take the torch from his teammate.
we now switch you to the dedication grounds... where the lighting of the sacred flame will take place.
these last runners are japan's finest... chosen to carry the torch the last mile to the peninsula.
i was ordered by washington to run a check on the artist katsura.
now i realize they weren't referring to him, but to this memorial of his.
what was it you said you were gonna do when we hit town, johnny?
he was gonna walk up and down main st. and let all the girls look at him!
when i came to town and found clark riding my horse,
i figured it would be just as well to pass as a brother for the time being.
the fact is, i've signed up to do a hitch with the brothers.
i hope you can give him a promotion some day, brother.
we weren't the only ones running down pawn tickets this morning.
by the time herb got to the globe pawnshop, the cops had already been there with a ticket of their own.
about 5'5" and a half, sort of bald, regular features, but kind of hard looking.
i want everything you can find on him, the whole package.
well, whoever wrote that, had to do it in a hurry and upside down.
did you ever try sitting at a table and writing upside down?
i'll make book that herbert sydney granton and george fayette are one and the same.
maybe they want us to think that they have morey and dixie at that address.
i'll tell you where we stand and i expect you to lay it on the line, everything.
i'd like to know what they're doing in here with a man that's been shot.
on account of tom has tb, he has to live down here.
but fayette told him if he ever came back, it's curtains.
asked dixie to check into the keymont hotel and come to room 815.
dixie ran out of the hospital and called me, asked me to go with her.
the other one took my gun away and left the room.
did the police tell you that it was your gun that killed fayette?
it sounds more like a story cooked up by a lawyer, an idiot lawyer at that.
you could take a chance, put them both on the stand, and let them spill it.
mr. district attorney, you must be aware that the defendants are called upon to face only one accusation.
i believe when you've heard the evidence, you'll realise that we're justified in introducing proof of another crime.
he gave me money, told me to get to the airport and catch the 1:30 plane, the morning of the 18th.
frank, have you ever tried to get a job with any other hotel?
i place in evidence a photograph of officer robert claremont, who was murdered in this city a year ago.
your honour, frank hoxie's testimony has brought to light certain facts which may lead us to a quick conclusion of this trial.
you had him sent on a phoney trip to mexico for a month.
you had him kept there till the case died out of the papers.
the others will introduce themselves as patients and you'll treat them as patients.
but how will i distinguish between the friends and the enemies?
when you look for your way at night in these awful suburbs, you have to drive slowly.
i had to stop a couple of times to read some signs.
if they could resign, do you think they'd stick to this job?
and to break a contract, you need to know who you signed it with.
then they went to the toilets where the money changed hands.
they drank half a bottle of brandy and toasted a certain alex.
in france, colonel howard pretended he was an importer, donald murphy.
but one day the embassy informed me that somebody had phoned and asked for colonel howard using his real name.
either you're a new recruit made by the colonel, or you're a particularly shrewd enemy agent.
in order not to upset howard, i started a personal investigation.
you couldn't answer, so you were not part of the colonel's team.
yet after a five-minute conversation, i realised you are a pusillanimous man.
"in well-informed circles, it is said that hugo vogel, the father of the 3h bomb, was aided by american special services to disappear from his east berlin laboratory. "
"the news of this escape had just started to become known when a new dramatic turn of events mobilised counterespionage services. "
isn't there a way to erase an idea, to expel it from the brain?
to destroy it so completely that even torture can't make it resurface again.
the others will introduce themselves as patients and you'll treat them as patients.
but how will i distinguish between the friends and the enemies?
when you look for your way at night in these awful suburbs, you have to drive slowly.
i had to stop a couple of times to read some signs.
we never call a pupil during class so as not to disturb his classmates.
but to meet a person like you, doctor, certainly has an educative value.
i came back because mr cooper said you were in trouble.
like an idiot i took the train only to be called a liar by you!
they drank half a bottle of brandy and toasted a certain alex.
they were laughing as if they'd just made a good deal.
in order not to upset howard, i started a personal investigation.
i went to your house, and there i found michel kaminsky.
if howard didn't lie, if alex works for us, he'll understand and he'll pack up and go immediately.
if he doesn't understand, i'll leave you to draw your own conclusions.
if you know how to use it, you won't regret it.
you'll even be able to swap your old bicycle for a nice second-hand car.
to convince all these imbeciles that vogel was here, we had to lure them.
so we built a reputation on your house so that everybody knew something fishy was going on here.
isn't there a way to erase an idea, to expel it from the brain?
to destroy it so completely that even torture can't make it resurface again.
i know it seems i'm obsessed, but i have to discover his identity.
listen, i know it would be the greatest scoop of all time.
i want to isolate his organs... and extend their life... while they're still intact.
i'll use this device... to artificially oxygenate the blood... with no need to rely on the body itself... which now lies dead and inert.
when i called out to her, i saw him hand her a letter.
later she left us and said she had to run an errand.
to think she so used to enjoy having a good time... just like her niece does now.
if you only knew what a chore it is to come here tonight.
i became young again at the cost of human life... just for that man's love!
i couldn't let him get away like i let his father get away!
it seems we're destined to run across each other when we least expect it.
there must be secret ties binding us... or maybe it's just my desire that leads me to you.
yes, it's the first time i set foot willingly in this castle... and for your sake and mine, i hope it's the last.
i can't imagine what this gentlemen could have told you... to convince you to come here.
i knew you were right as soon as we entered the castle.
on the other hand, i was taking quite a risk... coming here without a search warrant.
the experiments they carried out on him... suddenly reawakened the vital force in him.
with his help we were finally able... to bring this terrible chapter to a close.
i know it seems i'm obsessed, but i have to discover his identity.
listen, i know it would be the greatest scoop of all time.
i want to isolate his organs... and extend their life... while they're still intact.
i'll use this device... to artificially oxygenate the blood... with no need to rely on the body itself... which now lies dead and inert.
when i called out to her, i saw him hand her a letter.
later she left us and said she had to run an errand.
to think she so used to enjoy having a good time... just like her niece does now.
if you only knew what a chore it is to come here tonight.
i became young again at the cost of human life... just for that man's love!
i couldn't let him get away like i let his father get away!
it seems we're destined to run across each other when we least expect it.
there must be secret ties binding us... or maybe it's just my desire that leads me to you.
yes, it's the first time i set foot willingly in this castle... and for your sake and mine, i hope it's the last.
i can't imagine what this gentlemen could have told you... to convince you to come here.
i knew you were right as soon as we entered the castle.
on the other hand, i was taking quite a risk... coming here without a search warrant.
the experiments they carried out on him... suddenly reawakened the vital force in him.
with his help we were finally able... to bring this terrible chapter to a close.
i always find people who can cook up a perfect alibi all the more suspicious.
could you say where you were the evening of january 27th?
i'll discover the very energy that generates life and make it flow forever through my subjects.
that will be my moment of triumph, because it will mean that all my work was not in vain.
when i called out to her, i saw him hand her a letter.
she left us later, saying she had an errand to run.
i remember because it was the year she suffered that great disappointment and never wanted to see anyone again.
to think she so used to enjoy having a good time, just like her niece does now.
i became young again, at the cost of human life, just for that man's love.
i couldn't let him get away like i let his father get away!
there must be secret ties binding us, or maybe i'm just guided by my desire to see you.
i don't set much store by destiny, in some cases at least.
yes, it's the first time i've set foot willingly in this castle, and for your sake and mine, i hope it's the last.
i can't imagine what this gentleman could have told you to convince you to come here.
i only know that my lifestyle arouses a lot of criticism.
people invent the most absurd lies, and your friend here has been particularly active in that regard, ever since i rejected his clumsy advances.
i actually came hereto see your aunt and i'm most disappointed not to find her.
therefore i ask you to hear me out and answer my questions.
i'd like you to understand my situation and allow me to search the castle.
if that will help rid me of this gentleman once and for all,
i knew you were right as soon as we entered the castle.
on the other hand, i was taking quite a risk, coming here without a search warrant.
the experiments they carried out on him suddenly reawakened the vital force in him.
with his help we've managed to bring this terrible chapter to a close forever.
i know it seems i'm obsessed, but i have to discover his identity.
listen, i know it would be the greatest scoop of all time.
i want to isolate his organs... and extend their life... while they're still intact.
i'll use this device... to artificially oxygenate the blood... with no need to rely on the body itself... which now lies dead and inert.
when i called out to her, i saw him hand her a letter.
later she left us and said she had to run an errand.
to think she so used to enjoy having a good time... just like her niece does now.
ifyou only knew what a chore it is to come here tonight.
i becameyoung again at the cost ofhuman life... just for that man's love!
i couldn't let him get away like i let his father get away!
it seems we're destined to run across each otherwhen we least expect it.
there must be secret ties binding us... or maybe it's just my desire that leads me toyou.
yes, it's the first time i set foot willingly in this castle... and foryour sake and mine, i hope it's the last.
i can't imaginewhat this gentlemen could have told you... to convinceyou to come here.
i knewyou were right as soon as we entered the castle.
on the other hand, i was taking quite a risk... coming here without a search warrant.
the experiments they carried out on him... suddenly reawakened the vital force in him.
with his help we were finally able... to bring this terrible chapter to a close.
i am sure he will be as tall as you are.
it seems that you have put on a bit weight after your return.
i'm asking you if you want to see it or not.
i don't feel like going and having a look at it.
are you sure that it was my son who threw the stone?
i was not present, but.... ....they say that the leader of a children's gang.... ....is your son.
according to an expert, children who use this range of colours .have this tendency.
as both his parents are around, i found it strange that.... ....he used this range of colours.
i also survived with kiyoshi at the limit of my strength.
when you returned i thought everything had been sorted out and that everything would be fine.
i'm not going to miss the most important moment in tate kimbrough's life.
a man shouldn't go to a wedding with stubble on his face.
lady like that's making a big mistake marrying a man as rotten as tate kimbrough.
i guess you've figured out now we ain't friends of mr. kimbrough's.
even though things haven't worked out the way they should, i've got to be there.
to remind lucy and her father and everybody else in town about us?
sheriff, i was shaving mr. summerton when those two men came into my shop.
one was a fellow i saw hanging around town a couple of days ago, the other one i never saw before.
mister, if you're figuring to stay on in sundown, you're making a big mistake.
otis, the sheriff left you a messy job, but my friend and i would like these drinks before we leave.
dear brethren, we're gathered here together on this glorious day to unite lucy summerton and tate kimbrough in holy matrimony.
oh, friends, before i begin the ceremony, there's a question here that has to be asked.
well, now, look here, everybody's welcome, as long as they leave their gun in the vestibule and ain't got enough whiskey in them to make them troublesome.
you said if anybody had any objection to this wedding to speak up.
unless one of them shows his face, you just keep shooting at the window nearest spanish when he makes his move.
allison, unless you and your partner want to die in that stable, you'll throw out your guns and come on out.
i fell in love with sundown the first time i saw it.
after i got to know the people, i fell in love with them, too.
when kimbrough came to town a couple of years ago, things changed, people changed.
i don't imagine i have to tell you how it feels to see something you love destroyed.
he won't come out and nobody'll go in and get him.
darling, tate expects you to be at the church at noon.
well, when i've made up my mind what i'm going to do, i'll tell him myself.
one shot at those texans every half-hour ain't getting us no place.
i pay you a notch higher than the rest, so i expect more from you.
you pay for my services, tate, but you haven't got enough money to buy my life.
i don't want the rest of the town to think that i'm willing to let him go after that threat he made this morning.
of course, charlie, i couldn't go in the stable and tell him myself.
that ain't no way to talk to a man who saved your daughter from making an awful mistake.
i came down here to offer you a chance to ride out of sundown.
we've got a lot of traveling expenses tied up in kimbrough.
hey, bart, how do you like this father offering money to save kimbrough's skin, so his daughter can marry up with him?
there ain't nothing to stop you from taking him up on it, sam.
oh, well, we'll probably both be as dead as a pulled beef by suppertime, anyway.
i sure ain't hankering to try and argue my way past old st. peter on an empty stomach.
allison, the offer still stands, but it ain't going to much longer.
hey, doc, come get these things off of me, will you?
yeah, and you can send him a bill for it, too, doc.
maybe your father's more interested in having this wedding come off than you are.
look, i'm marrying tate kimbrough because i want to, not because my father or anyone else wants me to.
thank you for embarrassing me in front of the whole town?
i did you a favor, lucy, and it won't take long to get over your embarrassment.
just because your girl liked the way tate looked doesn't give you the right to kill him.
i don't suppose he bothered to tell you that that 'girl' was my wife.
well, does even that give you the right to kill him?
listen, when you're in love the way you must have been, the truth isn't an easy thing to face up to.
no man, including tate kimbrough, can take another man's wife away from him unless she wants to be taken.
so maybe you didn't lose anything that was really very worthwhile.
the way i figure it, kimbrough must have been one of the last fellows she got a hankering for.
anyway, about a week before bart got back from fighting the war, she killed herself.
on account of the way she was, i guess that's all she could do.
so now allison's taking out all of his hate on one man?
where i come from, a lawman don't shoot an unarmed man in the back, and when he gives his word, you can count on it.
there's liable to be some more shooting, so everybody off the street.
if we're only just going to be spectators to the next killing, we might as well go inside and wait with the others.
their consciences will rest easier if they don't see what happens to allison.
doc, if you'd been tending bar as long as i have, you wouldn't expect so much out of the human race.
hey, otis, come on in here and start pouring some more whiskey.
i figured it was about time we let him know that we know.
did you see the old hypocrite's face when i broke his whiskey bottle?
why should zaron be the only man forced to see himself the way he really is?
why, if we all faced up to the truth, our heads would be hanging lower than his is right now.
old charlie summerton ain't the only one that lost his self-respect, but i aim to do something about getting mine back.
now, i always figured that our sheriff was a coward unless he had all the odds going for him.
so, if it's all right with my boys, we'll go over there and just even them odds up a little.
i've been waiting for two years for something like this to happen.
looks to me, morley, like you and your c-cross boys are going out of your way to make trouble.
maybe so, but we just got to figuring that a man's got to draw the line someplace if he's going to go on living with himself.
looks like i'm going to have to go over to that hotel and pry kimbrough loose.
in half an hour this hand will be so swollen, you won't be able to use it.
i don't like using a gun, but i can if i have to.
we all figured that you'd leave town before you'd face up to allison without your boys standing by to help you out.
probably allison don't know it, but he's done this town a lot of good since he come here.
and i'd just hate to see you get lucky and beat him at the draw.
well, if i do get lucky, you'll find out that things haven't changed as much as you think.
but that's where you're wrong, 'cause no matter what happens between you and allison, you're finished in sundown.
sam said he hoped you'd start living the way a man should live.
the only way you can do that is to know the truth.
where i come from, folks don't celebrate or have a big to-do when a man acts the way a man's supposed to act.
morley, if you'd remembered you were a man before swede and spanish shot sam in the back,
i'm not going to miss the most important moment in tate kimbrough's life.
a man shouldn't go to a wedding with stubble on his face.
lady like that's making a big mistake marrying a man as rotten as tate kimbrough.
i guess you've figured out now we ain't friends of mr. kimbrough's.
even though things haven't worked out the way they should, i've got to be there.
to remind lucy and her father and everybody else in town about us?
sheriff, i was shaving mr. summerton when those two men came into my shop.
one was a fellow i saw hanging around town a couple of days ago, the other one i never saw before.
mister, if you're figuring to stay on in sundown, you're making a big mistake.
otis, the sheriff left you a messy job, but my friend and i would like these drinks before we leave.
dear brethren, we're gathered here together on this glorious day to unite lucy summerton and tate kimbrough in holy matrimony.
oh, friends, before i begin the ceremony, there's a question here that has to be asked.
well, now, look here, everybody's welcome, as long as they leave their gun in the vestibule and ain't got enough whiskey in them to make them troublesome.
you said if anybody had any objection to this wedding to speak up.
unless one of them shows his face, you just keep shooting at the window nearest spanish when he makes his move.
allison, unless you and your partner want to die in that stable, you'll throw out your guns and come on out.
i fell in love with sundown the first time i saw it.
after i got to know the people, i fell in love with them, too.
when kimbrough came to town a couple of years ago, things changed, people changed.
i don't imagine i have to tell you how it feels to see something you love destroyed.
he won't come out and nobody'll go in and get him.
darling, tate expects you to be at the church at noon.
well, when i've made up my mind what i'm going to do, i'll tell him myself.
one shot at those texans every half-hour ain't getting us no place.
i pay you a notch higher than the rest, so i expect more from you.
you pay for my services, tate, but you haven't got enough money to buy my life.
so, swede, stop telling me how much sense you got and start living up to that reputation you've been bragging about.
now, go on down there and blast them out of that hole and stop acting like a scared kid.
i don't think allison can be feeling quite as sure of himself as he did when he sounded off at the church.
he must realize he'll never get out of that stable alive.
hey, bart, how do you like this father offering money to save kimbrough's skin, so his daughter can marry up with him?
and lucy always looked like a pretty good-looking girl to me to have her father going around trying to buy her a husband.
bart, i think you ought to have snapped up summerton's offer.
there ain't nothing to stop you from taking him up on it, sam.
oh, well, we'll probably both be as dead as a pulled beef by suppertime, anyway.
i sure ain't hankering to try and argue my way past old st. peter on an empty stomach.
allison, the offer still stands, but it ain't going to much longer.
if you're smart, you'll ride out of town while you got the chance.
i didn't think it would be necessary for me to chase after you anymore.
and come to think of it, lucy, it wasn't me did the chasing.
maybe it's because he doesn't understand women the way that i do.
lucy, i promise you, when you wake up tomorrow morning, you won't be a widow.
i did you a favor, lucy, and it won't take long to get over your embarrassment.
and how long do you think it'll take you to get over the fact that tate once took a woman away from you?
instead of putting all the blame on tate, why aren't you big enough to admit that whatever happened was just as much, and probably more, your fault than anyone else's?
just because your girl liked the way tate looked doesn't give you the right to kill him.
i don't suppose he bothered to tell you that that "girl" was my wife.
well, does even that give you the right to kill him?
listen, when you're in love the way you must have been, the truth isn't an easy thing to face up to.
no man, including tate kimbrough, can take another man's wife away from him unless she wants to be taken.
i don't know whether to gulp it right down or just let it sit there and admire it.
well, i always figured i could go for a man as uncertain as him.
anyway, about a week before bart got back from fighting the war, she killed herself.
on account of the way she was, i guess that's all she could do.
there's liable to be some more shooting, so everybody off the street.
if we're only just going to be spectators to the next killing, we might as well go inside and wait with the others.
their consciences will rest easier if they don't see what happens to allison.
doc, if you'd been tending bar as long as i have, you wouldn't expect so much out of the human race.
sure, spanish and the sheriff pulled the triggers that killed that texan, but we're all guilty, just as guilty as they are.
and unless we do something about it, there's another killing coming up.
i don't know, tate, but whatever it is, i like it.
it wouldn't surprise me, doc, if you weren't stirring things up a bit.
now, i always figured that our sheriff was a coward unless he had all the odds going for him.
so, if it's all right with my boys, we'll go over there and just even them odds up a little.
i've been waiting for two years for something like this to happen.
looks like maybe allison's coming to town was all we needed to get us back on the right track.
it looks like you're doing your job real good, so don't spoil it by some of your philosophizing.
doc, if it just so happens i ain't able to bury sam,
we all figured that you'd leave town before you'd face up to allison without your boys standing by to help you out.
you mean, that's what you were hoping i'd do, don't you?
and i'd just hate to see you get lucky and beat him at the draw.
well, if i do get lucky, you'll find out that things haven't changed as much as you think.
if it wasn't for morley here, you wouldn't be standing drinking that whiskey.
where i come from, folks don't celebrate or have a big to-do when a man acts the way a man's supposed to act.
kind of scared the coach might pass me during the night.
the way he's traveling now, though, he'd have been by here two days ago.
a man shouldn't go to a wedding with stubble on his face.
a man shouldn't go to a wedding on an empty belly neither.
bible-quoting justice of the peace perform the ceremony, instead of the reverend peterson.
it could just be that the reverend is out of town on account of you and me.
i've given you more than any woman should ever give a man.
even though things haven't worked out the way they should, i've got to be there.
were you afraid that mr. kimbrough wouldn't like it if you weren't in time for his wedding?
some folks around here figure that sundown doesn't need any more of tate kimbrough's friends.
well, i don't like their looks, especially the one i never saw before.
the nerve of him, talking about tate kimbrough like he did.
i don't think mr. kimbrough would like you to miss his wedding.
mister, if you're figuring to stay on in sundown, you're making a big mistake.
oh, friends, before i begin the ceremony, there's a question here that has to be asked.
is there any man here who knows any reason why these two dear people should not be married?
for three years i've hunted kimbrough, but he didn't know it.
before i settle with him, i want him to know he's being hunted.
seeing as how i'm your best man and got the ring,
i figured i ought to get back so's we could get on with the wedding.
charlie, i expect you to have lucy back here at the church by 12:00.
i don't think we ought to go ahead with this wedding until this man allison is behind bars.
after the war, i came out west to set up practice.
i fell in love with sundown the first time i saw it.
after i got to know the people, i fell in love with them, too.
when kimbrough came to town a couple of years ago, things changed, people changed.
first that woman has the colossal gall to show up at my wedding.
and then that beast of a man interrupts the whole thing and tells me that i'll be a widow before the day's over.
one shot at those texans every half-hour ain't getting us no place.
i bet tate's really fuming having his wedding held up like this.
i don't want the rest of the town to think that i'm willing to let him go after that threat he made this morning.
of course, charlie, i couldn't go in the stable and tell him myself.
that ain't no way to talk to a man who saved your daughter from making an awful mistake.
i came down here to offer you a chance to ride out of sundown.
we've got a lot of traveling expenses tied up in kimbrough.
hey, bart, how do you like this father offering money to save kimbrough's skin, so his daughter can marry up with him?
there ain't nothing to stop you from taking him up on it, sam.
oh, well, we'll probably both be as dead as a pulled beef by suppertime, anyway.
i sure ain't hankering to try and argue my way past old st. peter on an empty stomach.
allison, the offer still stands, but it ain't going to much longer.
hey, doc, come get these things off of me, will you?
yeah, and you can send him a bill for it, too, doc.
maybe your father's more interested in having this wedding come off than you are.
look, i'm marrying tate kimbrough because i want to, not because my father or anyone else wants me to.
thank you for embarrassing me in front of the whole town?
i did you a favor, lucy, and it won't take long to get over your embarrassment.
just because your girl liked the way tate looked doesn't give you the right to kill him.
i don't suppose he bothered to tell you that that "girl" was my wife.
well, does even that give you the right to kill him?
listen, when you're in love the way you must have been, the truth isn't an easy thing to face up to.
no man, including tate kimbrough, can take another man's wife away from him unless she wants to be taken.
so maybe you didn't lose anything that was really very worthwhile.
the way i figure it, kimbrough must have been one of the last fellows she got a hankering for.
anyway, about a week before bart got back from fighting the war, she killed herself.
on account of the way she was, i guess that's all she could do.
so now allison's taking out all of his hate on one man?
where i come from, a lawman don't shoot an unarmed man in the back, and when he gives his word, you can count on it.
there's liable to be some more shooting, so everybody off the street.
if we're only just going to be spectators to the next killing, we might as well go inside and wait with the others.
their consciences will rest easier if they don't see what happens to allison.
doc, if you'd been tending bar as long as i have, you wouldn't expect so much out of the human race.
hey, otis, come on in here and start pouring some more whiskey.
i figured it was about time we let him know that we know.
did you see the old hypocrite's face when i broke his whiskey bottle?
why should zaron be the only man forced to see himself the way he really is?
why, if we all faced up to the truth, our heads would be hanging lower than his is right now.
old charlie summerton ain't the only one that lost his self-respect, but i aim to do something about getting mine back.
now, i always figured that our sheriff was a coward unless he had all the odds going for him.
so, if it's all right with my boys, we'll go over there and just even them odds up a little.
i've been waiting for two years for something like this to happen.
looks to me, morley, like you and your c-cross boys are going out of your way to make trouble.
maybe so, but we just got to figuring that a man's got to draw the line someplace if he's going to go on living with himself.
looks like i'm going to have to go over to that hotel and pry kimbrough loose.
in half an hour this hand will be so swollen, you won't be able to use it.
i don't like using a gun, but i can if i have to.
we all figured that you'd leave town before you'd face up to allison without your boys standing by to help you out.
probably allison don't know it, but he's done this town a lot of good since he come here.
and i'd just hate to see you get lucky and beat him at the draw.
well, if i do get lucky, you'll find out that things haven't changed as much as you think.
but that's where you're wrong, 'cause no matter what happens between you and allison, you're finished in sundown.
sam said he hoped you'd start living the way a man should live.
the only way you can do that is to know the truth.
where i come from, folks don't celebrate or have a big to-do when a man acts the way a man's supposed to act.
morley, if you'd remembered you were a man before swede and spanish shot sam in the back,
i'm gonna buy a herd of chorus girls and make 'em dance on my bed.
ninety-five, a hundred... five, six... seven... a hundred and eight dollars.
how come you're willing to give me 50% of your earnings?
i mean, like you said, you're the one that's got the experience and the name.
you're never gonna command the dough i can... but with training, you'll do all right.
besides, i need a young man to appeal to the kids.
i'm an animal in a jungle, and i got a motto:
"do unto others as they would do unto you, only do it first."
i'm not a part of this show, so don't encourage me or pay me any mind at all.
but the man that owns this place thinks i can't sing, so i gotta prove it.
i don't know why... not until you've given yourself every chance.
but if they won't listen to me, i can't hold a gun on 'em.
someday they'll make the cycle and get back to pure old dixieland.
i say atonality is just a passing phase in jazz music.
i guess i did get out of line a foot or two.
i got a pretty big mouth sometimes... so if you'll just tell your old lady i said i'm...
i doubted i could convince the internal revenue department... that all of mr. everett's entertaining was for business purposes only.
on the other hand, my client felt extremely elated... over his latest good fortune.
i had kind of a vacation with a bunch of men in a big place out yonder.
while i was there, these men... kind of guests, you might say... we'd get together and horse around a little bit and sing... 'cause we were havin' such a good time... and we always had a lot of fun with this one, "the jailhouse rock."
but i ain't forgetting' about the whipping' you tried to buy me out of.
so i'm gonna honor that contract, providing i don't hear... any more of that jazz about good faith.
you're new here, and good friends are hard to find... just as in any other industry.
i want you to know that you may feel free to regard my home as your own.
vince, you've just come home with great news about your promotion... but your wife is lying on the couch with a bad headache.
you're bursting with happiness... but when you see she isn't well, you're concerned for her.
you're due at the studio in a half hour to shoot that last scene.
order up some booze so i can pour a few drinks for the crew.
you've been found guilty by a jury of your peers of the crime of manslaughter.
you're hereby remanded to the custody of the sheriff... and you'll be transported to the state penitentiary... to serve a term of not less than one, nor more than ten years of imprisonment.
i'm what you might call one of the top cons in this stir.
i got representatives in the tailor shop, commissary, sick bay... kitchen and shoe shop, and they all work for me.
appearin' before you has given me a big hunk of pleasure.
i hope to be around picking' and singin' for you again real soon.
i think stubby's gone overboard with those altered chords, don't you?
i think brubeck and desmond have gone as far with dissonance as i care to go.
you insulted my father, mother and me, and it's just unforgivable!
i have a little beer, first thing you know... some old broad's askin' me a stupid question.
"wrapped in the size package you demand, right to your door.
"it's a bit more, but the treat for your dog will be worth dollars in health.
callers have complained they couldn't hear all of the vince everett record... because of the commercial, so we're going to play it again.
we're doing it for betty, maryjo, linda, julie... the gang down at ray's auto upholstery and... well, the list is too long.
on the other hand, my client felt extremely elated... over his latest good fortune.
he'd been invited by the national broadcasting company... to participate in a nationwide television extravaganza.
while i was there, these men... kind of guests, you might say... we'd get together and horse around a little bit and sing... 'cause we were havin' such a good time... and we always had a lot of fun with this one, "the jailhouse rock."
and we always had a lot of fun with this one, "the jailhouse rock."
you started me out in music, and then you tried to rob me.
but i ain't forgetting' about the whipping' you tried to buy me out of.
there's not much oxygen up where he is, and a man gets lightheaded.
most actors, when they become stars... go through a brief period of being modest.
is that the beginning and the end of the world for you?
is there no emotion left in you but the lust for money?
we talked to the surgeon... and he thinks the operation was a success.
hunk told me what happened in the fight... and the fact that you wouldn't hit him.
look, mr. everett... these morbid fancies of yours are doing you no good.
unless you get hold of yourself, you'll be a mute, musically speaking.
i'm gonna buy a herd of chorus girls and make 'em dance on my bed.
ninety-five, a hundred... five, six... seven... a hundred and eight dollars.
how come you're willing to give me 50% of your earnings?
i mean, like you said, you're the one that's got the experience and the name.
you're never gonna command the dough i can... but with training, you'll do all right.
besides, i need a young man to appeal to the kids.
i'm an animal in a jungle, and i got a motto:
"do unto others as they would do unto you, only do it first."
i'm not a part of this show, so don't encourage me or pay me any mind at all.
but the man that owns this place thinks i can't sing, so i gotta prove it.
i don't know why... not until you've given yourself every chance.
but if they won't listen to me, i can't hold a gun on 'em.
someday they'll make the cycle and get back to pure old dixieland.
i say atonality is just a passing phase in jazz music.
i guess i did get out of line a foot or two.
i got a pretty big mouth sometimes... so if you'll just tell your old lady i said i'm...
i doubted i could convince the internal revenue department... that all of mr. everett's entertaining was for business purposes only.
on the other hand, my client felt extremely elated... over his latest good fortune.
i had kind of a vacation with a bunch of men in a big place out yonder.
while i was there, these men... kind of guests, you might say... we'd get together and horse around a little bit and sing... 'cause we were havin' such a good time... and we always had a lot of fun with this one, "the jailhouse rock."
but i ain't forgetting' about the whipping' you tried to buy me out of.
so i'm gonna honor that contract, providing i don't hear... any more of that jazz about good faith.
you're new here, and good friends are hard to find... just as in any other industry.
i want you to know that you may feel free to regard my home as your own.
vince, you've just come home with great news about your promotion... but your wife is lying on the couch with a bad headache.
you're bursting with happiness... but when you see she isn't well, you're concerned for her.
you're due at the studio in a half hour to shoot that last scene.
order up some booze so i can pour a few drinks for the crew.
and then winter fell, with a cold mantle of caution and chill.
it nipped our noses and our arrogance... and made us move closer to the warm stoves of memory and desire.
miss thornton, the members of the senior class have asked me to say a few words, and, on behalf of them, to present this gift to you.
"the names of all of us are inscribed inside the cover of that dictionary.
because there are so many different words that might express what we feel for you and your long services to peyton place high school, we decided to give you all the words in the language.
we're going to lose you, but it's something bigger and more important?
the copy's all done, but the engraver's going mad waiting for all the pictures to come in.
so anybody who doesn't have his picture in by wednesday won't be in the yearbook.
the tickets are printed and will go on sale a week before.
oh, and i'm supposed to announce there's to be no necking in the parking lot.
marion, it seems to me i write a lot of drug prescriptions out for you every year.
as far as miss thornton being senile, she's of your generation.
we're prepared to offer the job as principal to a qualified man with a minimum guaranteed five-year contract.
mr. rossi is a graduate of penn state, summa cum laude.
if you're a teacher, why were you working for a construction company?
i couldn't live on the salary i was being paid as a teacher.
i'm going to tell you something, miss thornton, something you can teach your class someday.
the minute they walk out that there door, they walk into a dog-eat-dog world.
gee, no girl ever had two better friends than you and allison.
when you see how hard mother makes you work, you won't say that.
allison, according to my philosophy, what other people think will not pay the rent.
if you're accused of being fast, you might as well run.
if rodney won't come, his friends won't, and soon nobody will accept.
i can't understand why you want to be friends with a girl like betty.
you know, every time i touch a book or read a story or even when i just open the dictionary, something inside of me goes thump... and my heart starts pounding, and my stomach?
you know, it's how people are supposed to feel when they fall in love.
the house in darkness and couples necking all over the place.
i know, mother, but everyone wanted to dance in the dark.
in the meantime, i still have my hotel room, which i clear out of right after dinner.
uh, you said you had something you wanted to tell me.
do you realize what it would mean if you was to marry the local tramp?
when you marry, you're gonna marry someone on your own level.
go get the girl you brought to the dance and try it with her.
and the next time i go out, it will be with a man, not a papa's boy.
ladies and gentlemen, pupils and faculty of peyton place high school, and especially the seniors.
they tell me it is a tradition here to end each graduation dance with "auld lang syne."
well, since i'm new here and not yet part of your traditions,
i think the song should be led by a woman who has been with you long.
we're a small spot in a small town on a great big map.
and maybe peyton place high school isn't a name that shakes the world, but it's a part of each of you forever.
it's an odd feeling, being in a school when it's so quiet.
i always kind of think of it as sleeping, resting up from the pounding it takes during the day.
it is a world full of love and rich in opportunity.
there may be dangers, but if you hold firm to your purpose and your ideals, you will storm the ramparts of success and capture them.
independence was a distant word that we suddenly owned, and we exploded with it.
some of us splashed away the summer, or swooped and stretched with joyfulness... and emptied our childish piggy banks of their play money.
all i want is a chance to show what i can do.
write something up this week, and i'll run it on friday.
i've done a lot of things in my time, but i've never broken the law.
what you're asking me to do is break the law of man and god.
he said he might be able to wrangle me a scholarship.
in the meantime, he talked charlie partridge into taking me into his office as an office boy.
and if they did, i'll bet we'd be in the fig leaf business sooner than anybody east of the alleghenies.
now, aside from this celebration, this is a proud moment of my life.
well, you know, i found out you can't always do or say what you want to, that is, unless your father lets you.
rodney, are you going through all of your life only doing what your father lets you do?
if all i wanted was a woman, i could get one anyplace?
in a bar, in a hotel lobby, on a street corner?
that's what you're offering me, with your hands all over me.
that's only one expression of it, backed up by many things.
when i take you in my arms, i'm committing myself to you, not just physically but all the way.
that means i intend to worry about you, to take care of you, to stand in front of you if there's trouble, and that's what i want back from you, without any reservations or shame or embarrassment.
i cried all the way to new york, and my eyes were the color of the oak leaves that had started to fall back home.
for days i struggled to keep alive, and i shivered with loneliness in a back room on the fourth floor of nowhere.
there were times when i wanted to crawl home, but somehow i managed, and i stayed.
i learned what i could endure, but none of us in new york or in peyton place could guess how much would be demanded of us that winter of deep despair.
he dug a foxhole so deep, it was just short of desertion.
and then the seasons spun by so fast they seemed to become one.
the war news was too big to grasp and too unhappy to understand.
selena wrote me often about peyton place, and i treasured her letters.
she always tried to mention my mother and tell me what people were saying to each other or were not saying.
eventually, i broke the ice of my intentions and subscribed to the peyton place times.
when i was six years old, i was in love with rodney.
and for years afterwards, i never even thought about anybody else.
i was a kind of flashy girl, i know, but rodney liked flashy girls, so that's the way i was gonna be.
funny thing is, rodney always loved me as much as i loved him.
i was everything you said, especially that night in the kitchen.
i wanted you more than you could ever have wanted me.
you're nowhere near froze with all you've got in you already.
i see the navy hasn't managed to cure you of drinking.
me and you got to know each other a little too well for that.
say, i-i didn't think you could improve, but you sure have.
may we uphold them with our prayers, encourage them with our letters, honor them with our love.
and may our lives, not less than theirs, be dedicated to that same lord who alone can give to life a perfect freedom and a final peace.
thy kingdom come, thy will be done on earth as it is in heaven.
give us this day our daily bread and forgive us our debts, as we forgive our debtors.
and lead us not into temptation but deliver us from evil.
for thine is the kingdom and the power and the glory forever.
lucas was always a bad joe, but she seemed able to put up with him.
whoever knows what anyone's able to put up with in this world?
did she ever mention lucas's brutality or describe any beating he'd administered?
no, she said he was drunk and lazy and-and he deserted her and?
i'm well aware of your deep concern over mrs. cross's suicide, but that is not the point at issue.
did your daughter ever tell you that she had seen lucas beating selena?
we've wasted too much time torturing a girl who's emotionally unable to speak for herself.
lucas cross was a drunkard and a wife beater and a child abuser.
the confession of a person who's neither a witness nor a party to the case is inadmissible.
the prosecution may have a sound point, but i'll reserve my ruling until i've heard all of dr. swain's testimony.
i'm sure that the prosecutor will see to it that the state investigates my records, and perhaps i could lose the great privilege of practicing medicine.
but it's time that someone spoke up and paid whatever price is asked for the privilege of speaking.
we're all prisoners of each other's gossip, killed by each other's whispers, and it's time it stopped.
our best young people leave as soon as they're old enough to earn a bus ticket.
perhaps today is the day that you will, because there's something much bigger than the tragedy of selena cross on trial here?
our indifference, our failure as a community to watch over one another, to know who needs help and to give it.
autumn was that bittersweet time of regret for moments that had ended and things that were yet undone.
and then winter fell with a cold mantle of caution and chill.
i would like a report from the president of the class, ted carter.
ms. thornton, i've arranged for all the necessary committees and if they all do their jobs well, i'm sure we'll have a fine graduation.
marion, it seems to me that i write a lot of prescriptions for you.
as far as ms. thornton being senile, she's of your generation.
the minute they walk out that door, they walk into a dog-eat-dog world.
it's crawl in front of the big dogs if you want to eat, get a job.
and rule two teach a minimum of facts and maximum of ideas.
our main job is to teach children how to think, not just to memorize.
no girl ever had two better friends than you and allison.
when you see how hard mother makes you work, you won't say that.
just remember, men can see much better than they can think.
believe me, a low-cut neckline does more for a girl's future than the entire britannica encyclopedia.
i can't understand why you want to be friends with betty.
i don't like the way she talks about men and sex.
still might cry every time i think of ms. thornton not getting that job.
you know, you just might turn out to be a great writer.
you keep trying to accuse me of things i'm not even thinking about.
i don't want you to get a reputation for a half-hour's carelessness.
pupils and faculty of peyton place high school, and especially the seniors.
they tell me it is a tradition here to end each graduation dance with "auld lang syne."
maybe peyton place high school isn't a name that shakes the world but it's a part of each of you forever.
make it great by honoring it and come back to see us whenever you can.
well, then get over that and the rest should be easy.
do you know how long it takes to become a lawyer?
it is a world full of love and rich in opportunity.
there may be dangers, but if you hold firm to your purpose and your ideals you will storm the ramparts of success and capture them.
independence was a distant word that we suddenly owned and we exploded with it.
some of us splashed away the summer or swooped and stretched with joyfulness and emptied our childish piggy banks of their play money.
i've done a lot of things, but i've never broken a law.
what you're asking me to do is break the law of man and god.
i never touched her, and i ain't gonna sign nothing that said i did.
if you don't want to sign this paper, that's up to you.
i went to see mr. rossi today, talked about how to get to college.
he said he might be able to wrangle me a scholarship.
and if they did, i'll bet we'd be in the fig-leaf business sooner than anybody east of the alleghenies.
now aside from this celebration, this is a proud moment of my life.
rodney are you going through all your life only doing what your father lets you do?
only having the friends that he picks out for you wearing what he tells you to wear, thinking his thoughts?
for days, i struggled to keep alive and i shivered with loneliness in a back room on the fourth floor of nowhere.
there were times when i wanted to crawl home but somehow i managed, and i stayed.
i learned what i could endure, but none of us, in new york or in peyton place could guess how much would be demanded of us that winter of deep despair.
i knew families at home would be getting up on frosty mornings driving their sons to a place of hurried goodbye.
that first winter away from home, i took shape as an individual and toughened.
and with spring came the promise that perhaps i had found my place in life.
i joined the navy because i liked the way they kept their ships neat and tidy.
but i never knew until now who kept them that way:
and then the seasons spun by so fast they seemed to become one.
the war news was too big to grasp, and too unhappy to understand.
selena wrote me often about peyton place, and i treasured her letters.
she always tried to mention my mother and tell me what people were saying to each other or were not saying.
i was a kind of flashy girl, i know, but rodney liked flashy girls so that's the way i was gonna be.
the funny thing is, rodney always loved me as much as i loved him.
after he died, i came back here and lied and i've been lying ever since.
you want the truth and when you get it, you're just like everybody else.
me and you got to know each other a little too well for that.
say, i didn't think you could improve, but you sure have.
allison, we all make mistakes, but if we face them, truthfully they can be overcome.
can we overcome the fact of my birth, that i'm illegitimate?
first you talk about a beating and then we find out all you're discussing is a single blow.
would you say the arguments in the cross household were more or less violent than any other family's?
did she ever mention lucas' brutality, or describe any beating he administered?
no, she said he was drunk and lazy, and he deserted her and she committed suicide over the kind of life that lucas brought them to.
i'm aware of your concern over the suicide, but that is not the point at issue.
did your daughter ever tell you she'd seen lucas beat selena?
we've wasted time torturing a girl who's emotionally unable to speak for herself.
lucas cross was a drunkard and a wife beater and a child abuser.
our best young people leave as soon as they can earn a bus ticket.
they contribute their characters to other communities because they're stifled in peyton place.
we're a small but prosperous town, yet we allow tarpaper shacks to stand.
we have half a dozen churches which most of you attend and then don't practice the word they preach once you walk down the steps.
our indifference, our failure as a community to watch over one another to know who needs help and to give it.
selena's been living in a prison of her own long enough one that we helped build.
autumn was that bitter-sweet time of regret... for moments that had ended and things that were yet undone.
and then winter fell... with a cold mantle of caution and chill.
miss thornton... the members of the senior class have asked me to say a few words... and, on behalf of them, to present this gift to you.
the names of all of us are inscribed inside the cover of that dictionary.
because there are so many different words that might express... what we feel in our hearts for you... and your long services to peyton place high school... we decided to give you all the words in the language.
we're going to lose you, but to something bigger and more important:
the copies are all done... but the engraver's going mad waiting for all the pictures to come in.
who doesn't have a picture by wednesday won't be in the yearbook.
the tickets are printed and will go on sale a week before.
i'm supposed to announce there's to be no necking in the parking lot.
the minute they walk out that door, they walk into a doggie-dog world.
it's crawl in front of the big dogs if you want to eat, get a job!
i don't want any teacher making a fairy tale out of life.
it's hard enough as it is without being unequipped to meet it.
our job is teaching to think, not memorizing for a couple of weeks.
if war comes first... these kids shouldn't fight just for historical dates, but... for the ideals behind them.
is there some arrangement i could make with you to buy her a new one?
after graduation, i'll get a full time job, and i can pay you back.
just remember men can see much better than they can think.
believe me: a low cut neck-line does more for a girl's future... than the entire britannica encyclopedia.
-then his friends won't come and, pretty soon, nobody will accept.
-i can't understand why you want to be friends with a girl like betty.
well, mother, at every party in this town, they turn out the lights.
i don't want you to be like everybody in this town.
you keep trying to accuse me of things i'm not even thinking about!
allison... i don't want you to get a reputation for a half-hour carelessness.
well, if any man would ask me, i'd run away and become his mistress!
don't you ever let me hear you say a thing like that again!
i had it sent to me at the post office, general delivery.
it took me about 2 weeks to get up the courage to go pick it up.
do you realize what would mean if you were to marry the local tramp?
when you marry, you're going to marry someone your own level.
i want to kiss you more than anyone in the world.
i want to kiss you a thousand times, and never want to stop kissing you.
and the next time i go out it will be with a man not a papa's boy!
ladies and gentlemen... pupils and faculty of peyton place high school and... especially the seniors... they tell me it is a tradition here to end each graduation dance with...
we're a small spot, in a small town on a great big map.
and maybe peyton place high school isn't a name that shakes the world.
it's an odd feeling being in the school when it's so quiet.
i always think of it as being sleeping... resting up from the pounding it takes during the day.
it is a world full of love and rich in opportunity.
that may be dangerous... but if you hold firm to your purpose and your ideals... you'll storm the ramparts of success and capture them.
but once in your hand it became an obligation to the future.
independence was a distant word that we suddenly owned... and we exploded with it.
you know i could never do something as awful as that, don't you?
i'm going back to my office... and start telephoning every father in peyton place.
i went to see mr. rossi today, talk about how to get to college.
he said he might be able to wangle me a scholarship.
meet me halfway, and you'll never be unemployed... not as long as men and women don't go back wearing fig leaves.
and if they did, i bet we'd be in the fig leaf business... sooner than anybody east of the alleghenies.
if all i wanted was a woman, i could get one any place.
in a bar, in a hotel lobby, on a street corner...
and that's what you're offering me, with your hands all over me?
that's only one expression of it, backed up by many things.
when i take you in my arms, i'm committing myself to you all the way!
that means that i intend to worry about you, take care of you... and that's what i want back from you!
for days, i struggled to keep alive... and i shivered with loneliness in the back room of nowhere.
there were times when lwanted to crawl home... but somehow i managed and i stayed.
hurry up in the back of the bus, all the way.
nothing in this world is going to stop me from coming back.
that first winter away from home, i took shape as an individual... and toughened.
with spring came the promise that perhaps i'd found my place in life.
he dug a foxhole so deep it was just short of desertion.
and then the seasons spun by so fast they've seen to become one.
you're nowhere near froze with all you've got in you already.
i see the navy hasn't managed to cure you of drinking.
say, i didn't think you could improve, but you sure have.
oh, it ain't like i was your real pa, you know?
lucas was always a bad joe, but she always seemed to put up with him.
who ever knows what anyone's able to put up with in this world?
-first, you talk about a beating... and then we find out all you're discussing is a single blow.
would you say that the arguments in the lucas cross house... were more or less violent than any other family arguments?
mrs. mackenzie, i'm aware of your deep concern over the suicide... but that's not the point at issue.
did your daughter ever tell you she had seen lucas beating selena?
the truth is... my daughter did bring her troubles home... and i wouldn't understand.
well, if she did bring her problems home, did she ever... i wouldn't understand!
we have half a dozen churches, which most of you attend... and then don't practice the word they preach... once you walk down the steps.
we have a fine school, but you take it for granted.
perhaps today you will, because there's something much bigger... than the tragedy of selena cross on trial here:
our indifference... our failure as a community to watch over one another... to know who needs help and to give it!
and then winter fell... with a cold mantle of caution and chill.
it nipped our noses and our arrogance... and made us move closer to the warm stoves of memory and desire.
the names of all of us are inscribed... inside the cover of that dictionary.
because there are so many different words... that might express what we feel for you... and your long services to peyton place high school... we decided to give you all the words in the language.
we're going to lose you, but to something bigger and more important... thejob of principal of peyton place high school.
so that you know we'll never forget... you can always turn to the words "'love, '"
the copy's all done... but the engraver's going mad waiting for all the pictures to come in.
so anybody who doesn't have his picture in by wednesday won't be in the yearbook.
marion, it seems to me i write a lot of drug prescriptions out for you every year.
as far as miss thornton being senile, she's of your generation.
i'm going to tell you something, miss thornton... something you can teach your class someday.
the minute they walk out that there door... they walk into a dog-eat-dog world.
our job is to teach children how to think... not just to memorize for a couple of weeks.
if war comes for us... these kids shouldn't fight just for historical dates... but for the ideals behind them.
is there some arrangement i could make to buy her one?
after i graduate, i'll get a full-time job and i could pay you back.
if you're accused of being fast, you might as well run... that way you get to all the good things first.
just remember, men can see much better than they can think.
if rodney won't come, his friends won't, and soon nobody will accept.
i can't understand why you want to be friends with a girl like betty.
you know, every time i touch a book... or read a story... or even when i just open the dictionary... something inside of me goes thump... and my heart starts pounding... and my stomach...
you know, it's how people are supposed to feel when they fall in love.
mother, some time or other at every party in this town, they turn out the lights.
i don't want you to be like everybody in this town.
is that what you're going to practice at your next party?
you keep trying to accuse me of things i'm not even thinking about!
now maybe you know why i hate to go home... why i live in the library... why i...
i can't dance or kiss girls... or look anybody in the eye.
uh, you said you had something you wanted to tell me.
i was telling you something, mrs. mackenzie, but you weren't listening.
well, in peyton place... two people talking is... is a conspiracy.
a meeting is an assignation... and getting to know one another is a scandal.
go get the girl you brought to the dance and try it with her.
and the next time i go out it will be with a man... not a papa's boy.
ladies and gentlemen... pupils and faculty of peyton place high school... and especially the seniors... they tell me it is a tradition here to end each graduation dance... with "auld lang syne."
well, since i'm new here and not yet part of your traditions...
and maybe peyton place high school... isn't a name that shakes the world... but it's a part of each of you forever.
make it great by honoring it... and come back to see us whenever you can.
you don't realize... all the work and preparation it takes to be a teacher.
it's like... well, it's like all these kids were my own.
it is a world full of love and rich in opportunity.
there may be dangers... but if you hold firm to your purpose and your ideals... you will storm the ramparts of success and capture them.
independence was a distant word that we suddenly owned... and we exploded with it.
some of us splashed away the summer... or swooped and stretched with joyfulness... and emptied our childish piggy banks of their play money.
selena, i've done a lot of things in my time... but i've never broken the law.
what you're asking me to do is break the law of man and god.
maybe you'd like the state police to sweat it out of you.
i never touched her, and i ain't gonna sign nothing that said i did.
[allison narrating] i cried all the way to new york... and my eyes were the color of the oak leaves that had started to fall back home.
for days i struggled to keep alive... and i shivered with loneliness in a back room... on the fourth floor of nowhere.
there were times when i wanted to crawl home... but somehow i managed, and i stayed.
i learned what i could endure... but none of us in new york or in peyton place... could guess how much would be demanded of us that winter of deep despair.
he dug a foxhole so deep, it was just short of desertion.
[allison narrating] and then the seasons spun by so fast... they seemed to become one.
the war news was too big to grasp... and too unhappy to understand.
selena wrote me often about peyton place... and i treasured her letters.
she always tried to mention my mother... and tell me what people were saying to each other... or were not saying.
eventually, i broke the ice of my intentions... and subscribed to the peyton place times.
and for years afterwards, i never even thought about anybody else.
i was a kind of flashy girl, i know... but rodney liked flashy girls, so that's the way i was gonna be.
i wanted you more than you could ever have wanted me.
- i had no right to say those things to you.
and for a start, you can pick up your things and go.
ain't nobody gonna tell me what i can't do in my own house.
say, l-i didn't think you could improve... but you sure have.
oh, it ain't like i was your real pa, you know.
[together] our father who art in heaven... hallowed be thy name.
thy kingdom come... thy will be done... on earth as it is in heaven.
give us this day our daily bread... and forgive us our debts... as we forgive our debtors.
and lead us not into temptation... but deliver us from evil.
lucas was always a bad joe, but she seemed able to put up with him.
whoever knows what anyone's able to put up with in this world?
allison, we all make mistakes... but if we face them truthfully... they can be overcome.
can we overcome the fact of my birth, that i'm illegitimate?
first you talk about a beating... and then we find out all you're discussing is a single blow.
would you say that the arguments... in the lucas cross household were more or less violent...
we've wasted too much time torturing a girl... who's emotionally unable to speak for herself.
lucas cross was a drunkard and a wife beater and a child abuser.
but it's time that someone spoke up... and paid whatever price is asked for the privilege of speaking.
selena killed lucas out of fear... fear ofbeing forced to submit to him again.
we're all prisoners of each other's gossip... killed by each other's whispers, and it's time it stopped.
our best young people leave as soon as they're old enough to earn a bus ticket.
perhaps today is the day that you will... because there's something much bigger than the tragedy of selena cross on trial here... our indifference... our failure as a community to watch over one another... to know who needs help and to give it.
selena's been living in a prison ofher own long enough... one that we helped build.
and then winter fell with a cold mantle of caution and chill.
it nipped our noses and our arrogance and made use move closer to the warm stoves of memory and desire.
the programs will be printed in a couple of weeks and i've rented caps and gowns at $2.50 apiece.
and we're gonna have a tea and a reception on the lawn afterwards.
the tickets are printed and will go on sale a week before.
i'm supposed to announce there's to be no necking in the parking lot.
the minute they walk out that door, they walk into a dog-eat-dog world.
it's crawl in front of the big dogs if you want to eat, get a job.
and rule two teach a minimum of facts and maximum of ideas.
our main job is to teach children how to think, not just to memorize.
just remember, men can see much better than they can think.
believe me, a low-cut neckline does more for a girl's future than the entire britannica encyclopedia.
i can't understand why you want to be friends with betty.
i don't like the way she talks about men and sex.
still might cry every time i think of ms. thornton not getting that job.
you know, you just might turn out to be a great writer.
you keep trying to accuse me of things i'm not even thinking about.
i don't want you to get a reputation for a half-hour's carelessness.
pupils and faculty of peyton place high school, and especially the seniors.
they tell me it is a tradition here to end each graduation dance with "auld lang syne. "
and maybe peyton place high school isn't a name that shakes the world but it's a part of each of you forever.
make it great by honoring it and come back to see us whenever you can.
well, then get over that and the rest should be easy.
do you know how long it takes to become a lawyer?
it is a world full of love and rich in opportunity.
there may be dangers, but if you hold firm to your purpose and your ideals you will storm the ramparts of success and capture them.
independence was a distant word that we suddenly owned and we exploded with it.
some of us splashed away the summer or swooped and stretched with joyfulness and emptied our childish piggy banks of their play money.
i've done a lot of things, but i've never broken a law.
what you're asking me to do is break the law of man and god.
i never touched her, and i ain't gonna sign nothing that said i did.
if you don't want to sign this paper, that's up to you.
i went to see mr. rossi today, talked about how to get to college.
he said he might be able to wrangle me a scholarship.
and if they did, i'll bet we'd be in the fig-leaf business sooner than anybody east of the alleghenies.
now aside from this celebration, this is a proud moment of my life.
rodney are you going through all your life only doing what your father lets you do?
only having the friends that he picks out for you wearing what he tells you to wear, thinking his thoughts?
when i take you in my arms, i commit to you, not just physically but all the way.
that means i intend to worry about you, to take care of you and that's what i want back from you, without any reservations or shame.
for days, i struggled to keep alive and i shivered with loneliness in a back room on the fourth floor of nowhere.
there were times when i wanted to crawl home but somehow i managed, and i stayed.
i learned what i could endure, but none of us, in new york or in peyton place could guess how much would be demanded of us that winter of deep despair.
i knew families at home would be getting up on frosty mornings driving their sons to a place of hurried goodbye.
you know, you can write to her later on government stationery.
that first winter away from home, i took shape as an individual and toughened.
and with spring came the promise that perhaps i had found my place in life.
but part of me would keep escaping and i'd find it running, in memory, back through the fields of peyton place or wandering down streets now empty of young men.
he said he dug a foxhole so deep that it was just short of desertion.
and then the seasons spun by so fast they seemed to become one.
the war news was too big to grasp, and too unhappy to understand.
selena wrote me often about peyton place, and i treasured her letters.
she always tried to mention my mother and tell me what people were saying to each other or were not saying.
eventually, i broke the ice of my intentions and subscribed to the peyton place times.
after he died, i came back here and lied and i've been lying ever since.
you want the truth and when you get it, you're just like everybody else.
me and you got to know each other a little too well for that.
say, i didn't think you could improve, but you sure have.
allison, we all make mistakes, but if we face them, truthfully they can be overcome.
can we overcome the fact of my birth, that i'm illegitimate?
first you talk about a beating and then we find out all you're discussing is a single blow.
would you say the arguments in the cross household were more or less violent than any other family's?
did she ever mention lucas' brutality, or describe any beating he administered?
no, she said he was drunk and lazy, and he deserted her and she committed suicide over the kind of life that lucas brought them to.
we call dr. matthew swain to the stand, as a witness for the defense.
do you swear to tell the truth, whole truth, so help you god?
we've wasted time torturing a girl who's emotionally unable to speak for herself.
lucas cross was a drunkard and a wife beater and a child abuser.
our best young people leave as soon as they can earn a bus ticket.
they contribute their characters to other communities because they're stifled in peyton place.
we're a small but prosperous town, yet we allow tarpaper shacks to stand.
we have half a dozen churches which most of you attend and then don't practice the word they preach once you walk down the steps.
our indifference, our failure as a community to watch over one another to know who needs help and to give it.
selena's been living in a prison of her own long enough one that we helped build.
the public prosecutor charges you with aiding and abetting sexual offences by providing or procuring opportunities, and under aggravating circumstances because your relationship with the person being procured was that of mother to child.
this is an offence under §§ 180 and 181 of the penal code.
may i request you to suspend your hostilities for a moment?
i don't know, teichmann, are we studying the greek language or graeco-roman wrestling?
it was so dark, and it was as if the moon were reflected.
a wind got up and blew away the light of its reflection..."
if you don't give us his address, we'll have no other alternative.
my husband was a dancer at the state opera in dresden.
forgive me for interfering, but you've spun yourself ayarn about good, nice drwinkler.
believe me, those kind of people aren't like that, and if you don't intervene in good time you might regret it bitterly.
love is a mysterious thing, it has a special magic power.
you dream of a woman, the woman's suddenly here, and she confesses to you...
since i don't like being alone, my heart searches night and day for the man i'm dreaming of.
he may not be a big shot, his name interests me not, if he just makes me happy.
-yes, but at least i'm not pulling aface like you are.
christa said we should go to the psychologist schmidt, but i don't know.
even so, i wish parents would take this step more often.
these things are fairly easy to correct in the early stages.
he must be drawn out of these circles that he's fallen into.
it begins with intellectual interests that can gradually lead to serious entanglements.
but in your son's case, i'd almost advise you to encourage him and loosen the reins a little.
this will be the best way to give nature a helping hand.
the cause may be manfred glatz, but it's you who's encouraging the alienation between me and my son.
you see, these young people come to me because they find something here that their fathers can't give them:
would it really be better if he hung around on dance floors between fruit machines and whores?
oh, come on, between these extremes there's a normal world of normal people, the one i grew up in and still inhabit.
i'm sure women are to blame for a lot of these things.
sometimes a woman isn't aware of the power she holds overthe man she's fond of.
a lot of parents are going to be grateful to me for that.
close the electronic organ and put the key on top of it.
if she was in your position, i could only ask her precise questions.
would you like to be asked how she came into being, how it 'took place'?
- i don't mind you coming late, this charge from the public prosecutor's office... - lsn't it insane?
i never imagined that i'd ever have to deal with something like this.
if you can't feel that any more, what's left to guide you?
madam, i'm glad that you're not afraid, but misjudging a situation is dangerous.
a lot of people will turn up their noses at me.
i might have done the same, if i'd heard about some other mother doing this.
your motives are clear, and it goes without saying that they will be respected.
i hope you'll spare me from going to court, dr schwarz.
insofar as the misdemeanours affect the son of the defendant, the court does not deny that in this case, a mother committed a wrong out of concern about the development of her endangered child.
the court does not doubt that klaus teichmann was very much at risk of becoming homosexual.
gerda böttcher, who, living in the defendant's house, was also in her care.
there can be no doubt that this girl, who has impressed this court, would not have crossed the boundaries of common decency had she not been encouraged to do so by the defendant.
the defendant will come to understand her guilt if she supposes for a moment that gerda böttcher was her daughter.
would she have put her so unthinkingly at someone's disposal in order to get another mother's son back to a normal course of development?
yes, i also lied about my nephew's baptism, but it didn't work.
come with me, this will take a while, take a seat and relax.
good afternoon, sir, sorry to bother you, but, can you give a ride to that lady?
she's very pretty and she'd be good company on the road.
i hate the countryside, because i think it's a place for cows, not for people, and i'm a commercial traveller.
i work in a store, and they let me my uncle emilio wrote to me two days ago saying that i should come today, that i should be here no matter what.
no, on the contrary, they were very pretty when they were young, now they're too old.
they just lived in the hacienda by themselves and didn't go out.
i'm so sorry to have come in such a painful time.
it's painful... yes, very much... although we should be happy for her death.
yes, things she heard from the people in the other town... they're extremely supersticious.
she was convinced there was a vampire somewhere in this house, stalking her to suck her blood, and at night, she suffered even more.
then, keep it that way until you leave, i beg you.
it'd be very painful if they found out now the reason you are here.
who put an end to his inmortality in this unworthy crypt.
this is soil from the cemeteries in the woods of baconia.
god forbids it... but my grandfather was killed by one 100 years ago, in the tunnel of a mine.
several people died during that time, all of them from bleeding neck wounds.
by sticking them a wood stake in their chest while they are sleeping.
and, you are afraid of a vampire that died 100 years ago?
nobody has seen him yet, but the same things are happening.
they've already found dead bodies by the roads, all of them with marks on their necks, and without a trace of blood.
they sleep in the day and go out at night looking for young people's blood, that's the only thing they eat.
may god protect you, so that they don't kill you nor make you a vampire.
if they bite you twice, then you wouldn't grow old and would live like the souls in the purgartory in eternal inmortality.
let the virgen del socorro take care of you over the night, sir.
this is what is left from what it used to be the nicest place in the world.
finding the place like this has shocked me like my aunt's death.
it's not enough for you to see what they did to me.
they wanted to kill me by murdering me without leaving a trace.
the bastard has come to unbury that one... the one in the crypt.
the only way to finish with them is by killing them in their sleep.
he believes there is a small cluster of planets between mars and saturn
but before that, it used to be one big sized planet.
all this must be linked to someone, but nothing is for sure.
our analysis of this part of the monster shows it to be made of a new metal.
as you are aware, we have been attacked since we've first arrived.
we have shown you our might, so we can avoid any other conflict.
we now rely entirely on you to make the right decision.
they are asking for a 3km zone which they already have gained by force.
they also request to mate with earth girls, but they have abducted 3 of them already.
although they are stronger than us, we have to show them we can fight.
whether they like or not, the usa and the ussr live on the same planet.
what is happening to japan can happen tomorrow to the usa or the ussr.
only the devil knows if the potatoes will do them any good.
if they send any more stukas, even the ruins will be destroyed.
the towns of riverside, czerniakow and sadyba have fallen long ago.
the downtown areas of zoliborz and mokotow, cut off and surrounded by german forces, are in flames.
they want to finish mokotow off, and get started on downtown.
damn, i can't believe it's the 56th day of the uprising.
go to h.q. explain that we're holding the red house, and that the germans are near bartek's section.
we need a counter attack, or else they'll cut us off.
the cross of valor for an attack on blank for an attack on blank palace.
wounded in the chest, in the right side, on september 26th, 1944.
the towns of riverside, czerniakow and sadyba have fallen long ago.
the downtown areas of zoliborz and mokotow, cut off and surrounded by german forces, are in flames.
they want to finish mokotow off, and get started on downtown.
damn, i can't believe it's the 56th day of the uprising.
go to h.q. explain that we're holding the red house, and that the germans are near bartek's section.
we need a counter attack, or else they'll cut us off.
the cross of valor for an attack on blank for an attack on blank palace.
wounded in the chest, in the right side, on september 26th, 1944.
only the devil knows if the potatoes will do them any good.
if they send any more stukas, even the ruins will be destroyed.
only the devil knows if the potatoes will do them any good.
if they send any more stukas, even the ruins will be destroyed.
keep moving your legs... or it'll take us three days to get there.
you're running a high fever, and we'll starve to death here.
in the first month he said that he will get the money from bombay.
in the 2nd month he said that he received the money, but got stolen.
if he tries to enter this house again, just throw him out.
manglu, next time find out such a tenant who is either a married man or a sage!
so that he does not run away from the house every time i ask for the rent.
god knows when this loafer returns in the night and when he leaves the house in the morning.
none of your business if i won't be able to walk.
if you don't get support you will return once again at my call.
the night of 27th february, sir's last night when there was a death like silence everywhere.
it was around 11 o'clock in the night when suddenly some strange sounds were heard from sir's room.
when i came back in the morning sir's dead body was lying on the bed.
don't know when did his heart stop beating in the night.
the next night when i heard some noise from sir's room, i went up to check.
i saw kuldeep searching the room. - don't know what he was looking for.
do you know that your father has announced a prize of 10,000 rupees for the person who finds out your whereabouts?
perhaps you don't even know that your father is staying at my hotel in bombay.
27th february, at 11 o'clock sharp when only few moments of manoharlal's life were left you and your mother, both tormented the poor old man and increased his heart pain.
he got up angrily from his bed and had told you to get out of his house.
a dead body was being drank milk in front of the servants!
and his legs were pressed so that he would think that the master is alive.
it pulled from my hand and flew into the fiire and burned.
i think i can guess what karswell has done to me."
but the way he knew he was going to die... and the horrible way he actually did.
there's not a thing that happened that couldn't have been an accident.
you see, miss harrington, the shock of fiinding your uncle dead...
please don't treat me like a mental patient who has to be humored.
i didn't know that you were interested in the black arts, miss harrington.
she wanted to see the books you and dr. holden were discussing, didn't you?
i'm gonna order a sandwich and a glass of milk and go to sleep.
how a man who's been told he'll die in three days can consider sleeping... is all the proof i need of the supernatural.
"like one that on a lonesome road doth walk in fear and dread... because he knows a frightful fiiend... doth close behind him tread."
i hope you don't read poems like that to your kindergarten class.
you put the two together, and they add up to a very obvious trick.
you see, when a tribal witch doctor puts a hex on his victim... he always lets the victim know well beforehand.
but i refuse to let this thing take possession of my good senses.
if this world is ruled by demons and monsters, we may as well give up now.
it were he that were chosen, and he passed it to a brother.
the time will come when them that have no true belief shall be accursed.
what if we did fiind he really had a translation of that book.
would that convince you that there is something in all this?
when we'd come to a ladder, they'd all walk around it.
i'd walk under it, just to see if anything would happen.
but i didn't, and all this ever did for me... was make me wonder why... why people could get so panicky over absolutely nothing at all.
i've made a career studying it... maybe just to prove one thing... that i'm not a superstitious sucker like about 90 percent of humanity.
all of us here know that through the use of hypnotism... we can unlock certain sections of the human mind... that are not accessible to memory.
a great deal of publicity has been given lately... to hypnotized persons who supposedly recall... an existence prior to birth.
the subject of hypnotism brings us to a presentation... of the late professor harrington's study and investigation... of people who follow witch cults... and practice devil worship.
we're going to perform an experiment on the platform... with a mr. rand hobart... who, through an experience related to devil worship... has lost all contact with reality.
his experience, whatever it was... which we hope here to discover, has left him... in a state of absolute catatonic immobility.
when i fiirst investigated this case, the problem of how to hypnotize... an unresponsive person was the major one.
now, the proceedings may be somewhat dramatic, but they are necessary.
the only way of bringing his mind out of the womb of darkness... into which it has retreated to protect itself... is by therapeutic shock...
i didn't want to, but it was the only way i could save myself.
to save yourself, you had to give it back to the one who gave it to you?
you've sold your bill of goods too well, because i believe you now.
i believe that in fiive minutes... something monstrous and horrible is going to happen.
it has been written... since the beginning of time... even onto these ancient stones... that evil, supernatural creatures exist... in a world of darkness.
and it is also said... man, using the magic power... of the ancient runic symbols... can call forth these powers of darkness... the demons of hell.
stop this thing you've started... and i'll admit publicly i was totally wrong and that you were totally right.
it's very gratifying to hear that, but some things... are more easily started than stopped.
i'm so glad i'd be able to meet you here, sir.
the professor had planned to meet you here himself, but he...
it pulled from my hand and flew into the fire and burned.
i think i can guess what karswell has done to me.
this half-world of the mind that you profess to know so much about?
how can we differentiate between the powers of darkness... and the powers of the mind?
you put the two together, and they add up to a very obvious trick.
you see, when a tribal witch doctor puts a hex on his victim... he always lets the victim know well beforehand.
but i refuse to let this thing take possession of my good senses.
if this world is ruled by demons and monsters, we may as well give up now.
what if we did find he really had a translation of that book.
would that convince you that there is something in all this?
when i was a kid, i used to walk down the street with the other kids.
when we'd come to a ladder, they'd all walk around it.
when they'd see a black cat... they'd run the other way to keep it from crossing their path.
but i didn't, and all this ever did for me... was make me wonder why...
why people could get so panicky over absolutely nothing at all.
i've made a career studying it... maybe just to prove one thing...
it was a trick gadget that karswell had rigged up to frighten me away... and i fell for the bait like an idiot.
but he told you himself not to go back through the trees.
when your partner comes out, tell him it was just a bad halloween joke.
i want to clear up everything today, even if it means... having the closing session tonight.
the subject of hypnotism brings us to a presentation... of the late professor harrington's study and investigation... of people who follow witch cults... and practice devil worship.
we're going to perform an experiment on the platform... with a mr. rand hobart... who, through an experience related to devil worship... has lost all contact with reality.
his experience, whatever it was... which we hope here to discover, has left him... in a state of absolute catatonic immobility.
when i first investigated this case, the problem of how to hypnotize... an unresponsive person was the major one.
now, the proceedings may be somewhat dramatic, but they are necessary.
the only way of bringing his mind out of the womb of darkness... into which it has retreated to protect itself... is by therapeutic shock...
i didn't want to, but it was the only way i could save myself.
to save yourself, you had to give it back to the one who gave it to you?
you've sold your bill of goods too well, because i believe you now.
i believe that in five minutes... something monstrous and horrible is going to happen.
it pulled from my hand and flew into the fiire and burned.
i think i can guess what karswell has done to me."
but the way he knew he was going to die... and the horrible way he actually did.
there's not a thing that happened that couldn't have been an accident.
you see, miss harrington, the shock of fiinding your uncle dead...
please don't treat me like a mental patient who has to be humored.
i didn't know that you were interested in the black arts, miss harrington.
she wanted to see the books you and dr. holden were discussing, didn't you?
i'm gonna order a sandwich and a glass of milk and go to sleep.
how a man who's been told he'll die in three days can consider sleeping... is all the proof i need of the supernatural.
"like one that on a lonesome road doth walk in fear and dread... because he knows a frightful fiiend... doth close behind him tread."
i hope you don't read poems like that to your kindergarten class.
you put the two together, and they add up to a very obvious trick.
you see, when a tribal witch doctor puts a hex on his victim... he always lets the victim know well beforehand.
but i refuse to let this thing take possession of my good senses.
if this world is ruled by demons and monsters, we may as well give up now.
it were he that were chosen, and he passed it to a brother.
the time will come when them that have no true belief shall be accursed.
what if we did fiind he really had a translation of that book.
would that convince you that there is something in all this?
when we'd come to a ladder, they'd all walk around it.
i'd walk under it, just to see if anything would happen.
but i didn't, and all this ever did for me... was make me wonder why... why people could get so panicky over absolutely nothing at all.
i've made a career studying it... maybe just to prove one thing... that i'm not a superstitious sucker like about 90 percent of humanity.
all of us here know that through the use of hypnotism... we can unlock certain sections of the human mind... that are not accessible to memory.
a great deal of publicity has been given lately... to hypnotized persons who supposedly recall... an existence prior to birth.
the subject of hypnotism brings us to a presentation... of the late professor harrington's study and investigation... of people who follow witch cults... and practice devil worship.
we're going to perform an experiment on the platform... with a mr. rand hobart... who, through an experience related to devil worship... has lost all contact with reality.
his experience, whatever it was... which we hope here to discover, has left him... in a state of absolute catatonic immobility.
when i fiirst investigated this case, the problem of how to hypnotize... an unresponsive person was the major one.
now, the proceedings may be somewhat dramatic, but they are necessary.
the only way of bringing his mind out of the womb of darkness... into which it has retreated to protect itself... is by therapeutic shock...
i didn't want to, but it was the only way i could save myself.
to save yourself, you had to give it back to the one who gave it to you?
you've sold your bill of goods too well, because i believe you now.
i believe that in fiive minutes... something monstrous and horrible is going to happen.
it has been written... since the beginning of time... even onto these ancient stones... that evil, supernatural creatures exist... in a world of darkness.
and it is also said... man, using the magic power... of the ancient runic symbols... can call forth these powers of darkness... the demons of hell.
stop this thing you've started... and i'll admit publicly i was totally wrong and that you were totally right.
it's very gratifying to hear that, but some things... are more easily started than stopped.
i'm so glad i'd be able to meet you here, sir.
the professor had planned to meet you here himself, but he...
"it pulled from my hand and flew into the fire and burned."
"i think i can guess what karswell has done to me."
but the way he knew he was going to die... and the horrible way he actually did.
there's not a thing that happened that couldn't have been an accident.
you see, miss harrington, the shock of finding your uncle dead...
please don't treat me like a mental patient who has to be humored.
i didn't know that you were interested in the black arts, miss harrington.
she wanted to see the books you and dr. holden were discussing, didn't you?
i'm gonna order a sandwich and a glass of milk and go to sleep.
how a man who's been told he'll die in three days can consider sleeping... is all the proof i need of the supernatural.
you put the two together, and they add up to a very obvious trick.
you see, when a tribal witch doctor puts a hex on his victim... he always lets the victim know well beforehand.
but i refuse to let this thing take possession of my good senses.
if this world is ruled by demons and monsters, we may as well give up now.
it were he that were chosen, and he passed it to a brother.
the time will come when them that have no true belief shall be accursed.
what if we did find he really had a translation of that book.
would that convince you that there is something in all this?
when we'd come to a ladder, they'd all walk around it.
i'd walk under it, just to see if anything would happen.
but i didn't, and all this ever did for me... was make me wonder why... why people could get so panicky over absolutely nothing at all.
i've made a career studying it... maybe just to prove one thing... that i'm not a superstitious sucker like about 90 percent of humanity.
all of us here know that through the use of hypnotism... we can unlock certain sections of the human mind... that are not accessible to memory.
a great deal of publicity has been given lately... to hypnotized persons who supposedly recall... an existence prior to birth.
the subject of hypnotism brings us to a presentation... of the late professor harrington's study and investigation... of people who follow witch cults... and practice devil worship.
we're going to perform an experiment on the platform... with a mr. rand hobart... who, through an experience related to devil worship... has lost all contact with reality.
his experience, whatever it was... which we hope here to discover, has left him... in a state of absolute catatonic immobility.
when i first investigated this case, the problem of how to hypnotize... an unresponsive person was the major one.
now, the proceedings may be somewhat dramatic, but they are necessary.
the only way of bringing his mind out of the womb of darkness... into which it has retreated to protect itself... is by therapeutic shock...
i didn't want to, but it was the only way i could save myself.
to save yourself, you had to give it back to the one who gave it to you?
you've sold your bill of goods too well, because i believe you now.
i believe that in five minutes... something monstrous and horrible is going to happen.
it has been written... since the beginning of time... even onto these ancient stones... that evil, supernatural creatures exist... in a world of darkness.
and it is also said... man, using the magic power... of the ancient runic symbols... can call forth these powers of darkness... the demons of hell.
stop this thing you've started... and i'll admit publicly i was totally wrong and that you were totally right.
it's very gratifying to hear that, but some things... are more easily started than stopped.
i'm so glad i'd be able to meet you here, sir.
the professor had planned to meet you here himself, but he--
"like one that on a lonesome road doth walk in fear and dread... because he knows a frightful fiend... doth close behind him tread."
i hope you don't read poems like that to your kindergarten class.
you put the two together, and they add up to a very obvious trick.
you see, when a tribal witch doctor puts a hex on his victim... he always lets the victim know well beforehand.
but i refuse to let this thing take possession of my good senses.
if this world is ruled by demons and monsters, we may as well give up now.
what if we did find he really had a translation of that book.
would that convince you that there is something in all this?
when i was a kid, i used to walk down the street with the other kids.
when we'd come to a ladder, they'd all walk around it.
when they'd see a black cat... they'd run the other way to keep it from crossing their path.
but i didn't, and all this ever did for me... was make me wonder why-- why people could get so panicky over absolutely nothing at all.
it was a trick gadget that karswell had rigged up to frighten me away... and i fell for the bait like an idiot.
but he told you himself not to go back through the trees.
when your partner comes out, tell him it was just a bad halloween joke.
i want to clear up everything today, even if it means... having the closing session tonight.
the subject of hypnotism brings us to a presentation... of the late professor harrington's study and investigation... of people who follow witch cults... and practice devil worship.
we're going to perform an experiment on the platform... with a mr. rand hobart... who, through an experience related to devil worship... has lost all contact with reality.
his experience, whatever it was... which we hope here to discover, has left him... in a state of absolute catatonic immobility.
when i first investigated this case, the problem of how to hypnotize... an unresponsive person was the major one.
now, the proceedings may be somewhat dramatic, but they are necessary.
the only way of bringing his mind out of the womb of darkness... into which it has retreated to protect itself... is by therapeutic shock-- electrical or chemical.
you've sold your bill of goods too well, because i believe you now.
i believe that in five minutes... something monstrous and horrible is going to happen.
it's just that sometimes i get a strange feeling that everything is too ordinary.
my landlady, the grandpa in the picture, the carpets and wallpapers.
you have only your scholarship and my salary is a pittance.
instead of love we'd feed on dumplings and barely scrape enough money for rent.
i also thought it would be better to give you some space.
one sometimes needs to look inside, think and be alone, don't you think?
so you don't want to give me any answers, do you?
it seems we will have to recommend that your child be taken away from you.
i'll fix my hair as soon as the coffee is ready.
and norma, see if you can get through the day without breaking a dish.
will i be glad when you don't have to drive that bus into san juan every day.
by the time i get there i'm looking forward to getting back.
listen, you're too good-looking to be off by yourself without me.
just remember, nothing ever happens in a 50-mile-bus ride to be jealous of.
but the fact is the world is full of basketball coaches even in mexico.
and if you don't know it, she'll prove it to you.
i've got to be in the county registrar's office no later than 3 o'clock, understand?
well, if the river ain't too high beyond breed's junction you'll get there by two.
elliot, i wonder if you have any insight as to what your daughter is up to.
i'd say she's going full speed to the bus driver stage.
speaking about the weather, how about me buying you a nice wet drink when we get to the end of the line?
you know, it was real nice of you giving the kid that compact.
even when i act like a stinker, and that takes some doing.
so you just turn the old bus around and come back here double quick.
call the sheriff's office in san juan and report those slides.
mildred, your mother and i think we'd better hire someone to drive us back to the main highway right away.
i'm always on the lookout for fellows with initiative who know their way around, you know?
well, i have been giving some thought to settling down in a regular job with the proper firm.
it's none of my business, but do you mind if i tell you what i did to a guy i was in love with once?
i broke a chair over his head after i caught him kissing some dame at a party.
but naturally, she could cook and bake and fish... and. naturally. prime a pump.
and why didn't you many this cooker and baker and fisher and pump-primer?
so the night i was burn, papa went off to the woods.
he walked all night... and it was daylight when he got to cullen's logging camp.
it was some time before lizzie and jane were old enough to go to church with us.
and papa could hardly wait to show off the whole family.
blessed are the dead who die in the lord from henceforth.
"yea." said the spirit... that they may rest from their labors and their works do follow them.
she shouldn't have said that light now... but, of course, we are going to have to find a place for you.
mama said i was to decide where we were to go.
and laying his finger aside of his nose and giving a nod. up the chimney he rose
he sprang to his sleigh, to the team gave a whistle
and away they all ﬂew like the down of a thistle
but i heard him exclaim as they drove out of sight
it's a little late to start a new family, is that it?
you know mama and papa thought the world of you both, but...
that's one of the best jobs you can get up there.
he told me that you probably wouldn't believe what he said in the letters that you'd think he was just trying to make you feel good.
it gets pretty lonesome here with ralph out so much of the time and allie away.
well, i'd like to if you're sure you want me to.
you told them this morning that you're taking a room with a private family instead of in a rooming house.
the only trouble is you forgot to tell them the name and address of the family.
well, why did they beat you up if they just wanted your money?
ma, if i could just get some sleep, i'll be all right.
it's true my son is in prison, but that doesn't mean we're criminals.
we're a decent, respectable family, and no harm's gonna come to jackie with us.
as for the girl you saw earlier, you will be pleased to know that she acquired a job as a result of appearing on our program.
a talent scout saw her and immediately signed her up as a pair of book ends.
the way things are going, i should be lucky to have any thumbs at all.
tonight's story is about a parolee, and so i thought you might be interested in this machinery which has been designed as a therapeutic measure for paroled convicts who may still harbor homicidal tendencies.
then why do you have to come here checking up on me?
part of a parole officer's job is to keep in touch with the man he's working with.
it's kind of nice to be earning money for a change.
it'll be even nicer when you get your first week's pay.
the insurance company sent a man around to see me today.
they still think i know where that money is, don't they?
i guess they thought i had more money than i had.
well, why did they beat you up if they just wanted your money?
we're a decent, respectable family, and no harm's gonna come to jackie with us.
it's good for somebody to look after him, somebody who cares for him, somebody he cares for.
well, honey, neither of the kids' birthdays is really on saturday, so one of us will change the day of the party.
sure, and that way, all their little friends can go to both parties.
if there's one thing i can't stand is someone who's pigheaded.
now, it wouldn't have hurt her a bit to change her party to another day.
oh, i've already told little ricky and all the other children.
well, honey, i'm sorry, but you shouldn't cross your bridges before they're hatched.
well, knowing you, i'm surprised you don't dress up like superman and play the part yourself.
oh, ethel, i could never get away with a silly thing like that.
he would if he wanted to cover his long, red hair.
i'm just afraid you won't be able to fool the kids, that's all.
lucy, of all the crazy things that you've done in the 15 years that we've been married...
ricardo, do you mean to say that you've been married to her for 15 years?
the hospital director cabled me to return for a board meeting tomorrow
the hospital is so overcrowded they want to add a new wing at once you should not let them make such demands on you because you founded the grand mercy hospital, you should not feel compelled to take act of charge
even we are retired we like to feel we are still needed which still can performe some serves to humanity.
if that why you responsed to my research as a humanitarian gesture
so i have developed a serum, from the most highly of all and the most adaptable of all insects the fruit fly.
it is the one insect is known to produce the highest percentage of mutants, or changes than any others
the idea is that adaptability could be captured and still into the serum the miraculous and the mysterious force of nature can be bottled up ...
but you have seen it can be you have seen the results.
so i have, but you are not ready to try it on a human being
i believe i am look richard, think of what might be the medicine if it is successful
where we can conduct certain additional tests that we have in mind
we understand that you have no immediate family or friends, nor any job at present
it suppose to be the serum that produces an emotional as well as physical changes in her
i would not know about that. as a bio-chemist, i do not deal with emotions.
i'm sure i will able to pay you back someway soon
but i have to begin my new life with some of the beautiful tthings i always dream of.
i do not believe the hair were bleached or dyed we will know in a minute just as i thought.
see for yourself there is no the slightest trace of chemicals or dye
the police was unable to find the black hair girl who assaulted the man.
hours later, the dress was discovered discarded in the dressing room that explains it.
it was a dark hair girl, that committed the crime, and a blonde that left the store
and you think that under the stress of the situation, and the fear of being discovered ...
i feel my chance to get all the things i always wanted.
so, i picked up the money he dropped and in the excitement nobody noticed what i have done why do not you stop lying to us, kyra.
one thing is certain it was a woman with a black hair.
mrs. kendall must have struggled and grabbed her poor mrs. kendall.
are you implying that i protect her because i have fallen in love with her?
- you would not be the first man who fall in love with his own creation richard, these is nonsense, sheer nonsense
there might be, if you insist regarding her as woman instead of what she really is.
i think she should be allowed to die she was meant to die
may be you prefer the company of your old friend, dr. scott.
- may be i would my wife was right about you,
shall i call him to come here, or take you in the car?
- take me in the car, it will be quiker that way
the present mrs. kendall, who was with him in the car in the time of the accident, miraculously escaped without injuries
apparently, kendall had lost control of the car because, a.w. miller, of pomona, travelling in the opposite direction, saw kendall and his wife struggling for control of the wheel, seconds before the crash.
i have everything i have always want it everything but what i wanted most, you, dan.
think about of what i can offer you the power i possess,
i guess down at pensacola they still talk about the day of the admiral's tea party.
it was one of what came to be called "spig's big days."
spig wead and i were in annapolis and world war i together.
but all along, spig knew he wanted to fly and i knew i wanted whatever spig wanted.
how else are we going to get aviation for the united states navy?
this all may be true, but it doesn't seem to have much bearing on this case.
they've lived in seven different houses in seven different stations in seven different years.
back and forth across the country, and in and out of it too.
et cetera, et cetera, et cetera, and so on and so on.
well, there's not much air in my drawer, spig and i'm finding it pretty tough to breathe.
now, you outside of the clubs and barrooms you'll fight maybe one war in a generation.
well, we have to fight those voters every blamed two years.
you okay it, sir, and we'll bring the schneider cup home.
fill it with champagne and jam it down the army's throat.
but seriously, i want to thank each and every one of you from the bottom of my heart.
it was a long, backbreaking job and those that flew know what they owe to the others.
all i know is that i'm in the arms of a fella named spig that i'm nuts about.
hey, how about getting back to your necking with a little more enthusiasm.
you know, as far as i can make out, writing is just like telling lies only they wrap it up in fancy paper.
you are about the world's greatest natural-born liar i ever met so why don't you try it?
and a million-to-one not to be able to sign your name on your paycheck.
which, incidentally, after the allotment for your wife and the kids, came to 94 bucks.
he asked the old man, the old man dumped him in my lap.
i was looking around for the next lap to put him in when i remembered what you once said about getting the public on our side.
getting them to help us out with the moneymen in congress.
well, i figure a lot of the public would go to see a good movie about carriers so i tossed him a couple of bones, and he wants to talk to you.
- "pay to the order of frank wead..." - "frank wead jr., 100 bucks."
told you if you got the husband out with the gun you'd get lucky.
but no, you got to go to new york and do a play.
i'll give you 1000-1 you'll have the worst flop that ever hits broadway.
the planes appeared utterly without warning apparently coming from aircraft carriers which had been moved forward during the night.
the enemy craft were over the island of oahu for one hour and 20 minutes bombing the naval base and nearby hickam field.
but now, backing them up, we have jeep carriers loaded with planes and crews.
if the big carrier loses a plane, she radios back and a replacement is immediately underway.
i guess down at pensacola they still talk about the day of the admiral's tea party.
it was one of what came to be called "spig's big days."
spig wead and i were in annapolis and world war i together.
but all along, spig knew he wanted to fly and i knew i wanted whatever spig wanted.
how else are we going to get aviation for the united states navy?
this all may be true, but it doesn't seem to have much bearing on this case.
they've lived in seven different houses in seven different stations in seven different years.
back and forth across the country, and in and out of it too.
et cetera, et cetera, et cetera, and so on and so on.
well, there's not much air in my drawer, spig and i'm finding it pretty tough to breathe.
now, you outside of the clubs and barrooms you'll fight maybe one war in a generation.
well, we have to fight those voters every blamed two years.
you okay it, sir, and we'll bring the schneider cup home.
fill it with champagne and jam it down the army's throat.
but seriously, i want to thank each and every one of you from the bottom of my heart.
it was a long, backbreaking job and those that flew know what they owe to the others.
all i know is that i'm in the arms of a fella named spig that i'm nuts about.
hey, how about getting back to your necking with a little more enthusiasm.
you know, as far as i can make out, writing is just like telling lies only they wrap it up in fancy paper.
you are about the world's greatest natural-born liar i ever met so why don't you try it?
and a million-to-one not to be able to sign your name on your paycheck.
which, incidentally, after the allotment for your wife and the kids, came to 94 bucks.
he asked the old man, the old man dumped him in my lap.
i was looking around for the next lap to put him in when i remembered what you once said about getting the public on our side.
getting them to help us out with the moneymen in congress.
well, i figure a lot of the public would go to see a good movie about carriers so i tossed him a couple of bones, and he wants to talk to you.
- "pay to the order of frank wead..." - "frank wead jr., 100 bucks."
told you if you got the husband out with the gun you'd get lucky.
look, spig, you got a beautiful home here, half paid for, half empty.
but no, you got to go to new york and do a play.
the planes appeared utterly without warning apparently coming from aircraft carriers which had been moved forward during the night.
the enemy craft were over the island of oahu for one hour and 20 minutes bombing the naval base and nearby hickam field.
well, these big combat carriers are still the spearpoint of battle.
but now, backing them up, we have jeep carriers loaded with planes and crews.
or yours or yours, because people are fascinating wherever you find them.
this is marcia jeffries, looking for more faces in the crowd.
i learned that the real american music comes from the bottom up.
when george gershwin played in new york, it was black-tie music.
but the real beginning of it was in folks who never owned a tie.
i bumped into a fella you never heard of, name of rhodes.
never asks me for money or goes cheating around when i ain't looking.
if she gets a little sour, why, i just give her a little twist like so, and we're back in tune together.
deep down, when we get ready to tuck our heads under our wings and go to sleep we ain't kidding ourselves.
we're so low-down lonely, the fella we couldn't stand the sight of this morning tonight, when they get ready to douse the lights and plunge us into darkness why, that same fella seems like our nearest, dearest buddy.
the sheriff's gonna open this cage, and i'm gonna be as free as a bird in the morning.
hey, maybe i can try putting a couple of rhymes together--
to open up this nasty, filthy jailhouse and make a free man of me
how about that, any objection to being free in the morning?
that boy may be bashful, marcia, but he's pretty sweet on you.
the only thing i'm interested in right now is running the best radio program in northeast arkansas.
you know, back in my little old town of riddle, we had a cousin named harry.
we called him cousin "hurry" because he was always running someplace.
"he was in such a hurry, he just couldn't wait to get here."
i was getting ready to add a verse about being a free woman in the morning.
i hate to talk against my own kind, but i never seen a man could appreciate how hard you women work.
why, they think running water over a dish is all there is to it.
i'd say, "uncle lou?" she'd say, "no, this is your uncle mike." or, "uncle moe."
seems like there wasn't a town in arkansas or missouri i didn't have a uncle in.
the fact he's running for mayor strikes me as kind of funny.
you know, back in my little old town of riddle, the way we elect fellas to office is we try to figure which fella can best be spared from useful labor.
but my boss old j.b. jeffries, he's got a fine swimming pool right here in town.
why don't all you kids go over to his place for a ducking.
and if you ain't satisfied, or if i get homesick for arkansas why, back i come, and nobody gets hurt.
but now, if we find we get along you make it, oh, $ 1000 a week.
i think that straw is gonna be a very nice touch.
and here he is, a newcomer to memphis television but sure to become an old friend.
but what he forgot to say was there'd be a great big old red eye looking straight at me.
you know, that old eye does look kind of familiar, though.
reminds me of my old uncle abernathy after a night of drinking that fine old five-star corn liquor.
he put a star on the bottle for every day it aged.
last night i settled down for my 12-hour nap in the hotel and "moly hoses," what a honking and lights flashing and gals giggling on the street.
so i called down to the desk on this telephone they got in every room.
- you know, one thing i could see right off about a big city there's a whole lot of people in trouble out there.
you don't see it much in the daytime when everybody's hustling around, rushing from where they is to where they ain't.
i'm gonna tell you, and see if it don't happen to you the way it happened to me.
if it don't move you the way i think it will you're just a bunch of big-city pickle-hearts.
and i'm gonna pack up my one shirt and the bible my daddy give me and my cigar-box guitar, and i'll get me on home to riddle.
he's telling the truth about one shirt, but i haven't seen the bible.
what do you gonna bet you got 20,000 friends out there?
each one ready to prove it to you by sending half a buck so you can get back to millington and build a decent house for them brats of yours.
but he got to where he was telling off presidents and kings.
general, my thinking is the second section of the same train.
but my study of history has convinced me that in every strong and healthy society from the egyptians on, the mass had to be guided with a strong hand by a responsible elite.
let us not forget that in tv we have the greatest instrument for mass persuasion...
look at all them tv aerials sticking up like branches down there.
there's a whole forest of them from here to san diego.
all of them waiting to hear what i got to say.
that's why you woke me up in the middle of the night?
a thousand times deeper than we dreamed when we were starting out in arkansas.
on the set i'm beginning to act like i just ate the western hemisphere for breakfast.
but then, down here in the boiler room, i know i need advice.
not the kind i get from joey or the madison avenue high-domes who say "gesundheit" before i even pucker up to sneeze.
they even slide our paychecks under the door so they can pretend we're not here.
think of the satisfaction of being a small cog in the great wheel of humanity known as lonesome rhodes.
"today a face in the crowd takes you on a sentimental journey.
as lonesome rhodes, your old arkansas traveler goes home to the typical dirt-road, cotton-picking town of pickett, arkansas."
i know i should start off with a funny story about them kinfolk of mine in riddle but i just feel too humble this afternoon as i look out upon this fine representative body of wholesome young american womanhood.
you know, i've been a fan of baton twirling from way back.
betty lou is your public all wrapped up with yellow ribbons into one cute little package.
she's the logical culmination of the great 20th-century love affair between lonesome rhodes and his mass audience.
if i sound stridently female about miss drum majorette, i don't mean to be.
i knew you married her just as a way of not marrying me.
i invariably tell them, "i usually get it from an awful lot of people who promised somebody else they'd keep it secret." as for example:
just what is lonesome rhodes going to talk to general haynesworth about?
i have to look at the image on that screen same as i'd look at a performer on my show.
and i'll have to say he'll never get over to my audience.
not to the 65 million people who welcome me into their living rooms each week.
and if i wouldn't buy him, do you realize what that means?
and just let the vermouth blow a kiss at the gin.
yes, in just a little while, i'm gonna be tossing some questions at old curly fuller here.
all those months he was calling me vanderbilt '44 and frontal lobe when i should've been punching him in the nose.
well, now i got the book to punch him in the nose.
you're the locker room where he eases up after the fight, win or lose.
you're the shock absorber for collisions with ex-wives and models and new wives and assorted tramps.
shucks, i can take chicken fertilizer and sell it to them for caviar.
i can make them eat dog food, and they'll think it's steak.
finally, you gotta force complicated things into simple channels like this.
either you go up there and tell him it was you who did it and chop it off clean so he never comes crying to you again or you hold his hand, wipe his poor, perspiring brow fan his smoldering, dampened ego so it can burst up into flames and burn....
miss jeffries, the jail of tawny hawk county is at your disposal.
is very simple, you just talk into this microphone in a natural voice.
when gershwin played at the new york it was black tie music... but the real beginning of it was in folks that never owned a tie.
i just bumped into a fella you never heard of, rhodes.
never asks me for money or goes cheating around when i ain't looking.
if she gets a little sour, i just give her a little twist like so... and we're right back in tune together.
whenever a bunch of fellas like us... outcasts, hobos, nobodies, gentlemen loafers... one time or all time losers, call us what you want to...
whenever we get together, we tell funny stories... me and beanie and the rest of these... hand-to-mouth tumbleweed boys like you see in here.
but, deep down, when we get ready... to tuck our heads under our wings and go to sleep... we ain't kidding ourselves.
we're so low-down lonely... the fella we couldn't stand the sight of this morning... tonight, when the guards douse the lights... and plunge us into darkness... why that same fella seems like our nearest, dearest buddy.
the sheriff's gonna open up his cage... and i'm gonna be as free as a bird in the morning.
hey, maybe i can try putting a couple of rhymes together...
no, sir, not if it means i rot in here another month.
i'm gonna sing what i'm gonna be... a free man in the morning.
to open up this nasty, filthy jailhouse... and make a free man of me.
you got any objections to being a free man in the morning?
by golly, i think you've got yourself quite a fella there, quite a fella.
i'd sure like to use him on our early bird show from 7 to 8.
this is my uncle, mr. jeffries, who owns our radio station.
well, how's it feel to be a free man in the morning?
thas what i've got against working... is tangled up with the word "hurry".
back in my town, we had a cousin named harry... they all called him hurry 'cause he was always running someplace.
"he was in such a hurry, he couldn't wait to get here."
shucks, i was just going to add on a verse about being a free woman.
i bet a lot of you dream of that... with all the breakfast dishes piling up in the sink... and cranky husbands to get off to work.
ain't it a shame how they get on about everything... because they ain't got the gumption to take it out on their boss?
they think running water over a dish is all there is to it.
they never see you clean the grease out of the sink... or wiping out of the oven the gravy... or the apple juice that sizzles over the side of the dish onto your grill.
the fact he's running for mayor strikes me as kind of funny.
you know, back in my little town, riddle... the way we elect fellas to office is... we try to figure which fella can best be spared from useful labour.
i'm one of the oldest theatrical agents in the mid south.
i book a lot of acts for the grand old opera.
so the young ones figure they ain't got no place to swim.
but my boss... old j.b. jeffries, he's got a fine swimming pool... right here in town.
partner, leaving pickett is like leaving my own flesh and blood.
now, if i've got to take leave of these good folks...
i'd rather try it for nothing for a couple of weeks... and if you ain't satisfied, or if i get homesick for arkansas... back i come and nobody gets hurt.
but, if we find we get along... you make it a $1000 a week.
last night, i settled down for my 12 hour nap in the hotel... and moly hoses, what a honking... and lights a-flashing and girls a-giggling on the street!
so i called the desk on the telephone they've got in every room.
i'm gonna tell you people something happened to me this morning.
i'm going to tell you, and see if it don't happen to you the same way.
if it don't move your hearts... you're just a bunch of big city pickle hearts.
i'll pack up my one shirt and the bible my daddy gave me... and my cigar box guitar... and i'll just get me on home to riddle.
is true about the one shirt, but i've yet to see the bible.
the way he talks about the night, i couldn't write it that well.
now, please, noboby send in more than $4.50... you might not be able to spare it.
if you've got over $10, cut in for that house of hers.
one of the best nighs sleep i ever had was in a box car.
they say that a firm mattress is better for your spine... but if you follow that, ain't it better just to sleep on the floor?
on this corny old commercial we just cannot agree... so you can tear up my contract... make a free man of me!
going to be... a free man in the morning... a free man in the morning... a free man in the morning...
hello, i just thought i'd let you know... that lonesome rhodes is being flooded with offers.
if you happen to be interested, 5 o'clock is our deadline.
gives a fella the get up and go that sets him up with the ladies.
i guess... if you want to be bright-eyed and bushy-tailed... just gobble up a handful of vitajex and your battery's charged.
we've spent tens of thousands to find out the key words... like "racing" and "zestful".
rhodes has the audacity to tear us to shreds in front of the audience.
right now, lonesome is merely popular, very popular... but lonesome rhodes could be made into an influence.
a wielder of opinion, an institution... positively sacred to his country, like the washington monument.
i suspect your idealistic young lady disagrees with me... but my study of history has convinced me... that in every strong society from the egyptians on... the mass had to be guided with a strong hand... by a responsible elite.
let us not forget that in tv we have the greatest instrument... for mass persuasion in the history of the world.
the boys in our ward at the veterans' hospital... just got together and donated $9.75.
you ask me how i can keep going 17 hours without sleep?
is that why you woke me in the middle of the night?
what i'm trying to say is all them millions of people believing it... doing what i tell them to... scares me.
deeper than we ever dreamed when we started out in arkansas.
i know i act like i just ate the western hemisphere for breakfast.
but, down here in the boiler room, i know i need advice.
and not the kind i get from joey, or the madison avenue lot... who'll betray me as soon as my back is turned.
i hope you had better luck keeping him ionesome than i did.
you should understand that i'm just a business associate of mr. rhodes.
listen, beanie told me, it ain't as bad as you think.
i got a divorce, a couple of years ago in mexico.
naturally, here are the lepers of the great tv industry... men without faces.
they even slide our cheques under the door to pretend we're not here.
they hate themselves for being mild and the extroverts whose violence... has a strange attraction for nice girls who should know better.
today, "a face in the crowd" takes you on a sentimental journey... as lonesome rhodes, your old arkansas traveller goes home... to the typical dirt road cotton-picking town of pickett.
where america's favourite country cousin got his humble start... he now returns to the simple folk who loved him first.
the latest face in the crowd, the lucky, talented girl... whom he will select from hundreds of contestants... as miss arkansas drum majorette of 1957.
when people ask me, walter, "where do you get all that news?"
i invariably tell them i usually get it from a lot of people... who promised someone they'd keep it a secret.
we think so too, thas why everyone in this room... wants you to be the next president of the united states.
but your problem is getting the voters to listen to you.
i look at the image on that screen same as at a performer on my show.
and i have to say... you'll never get over to my audience... not to the 65 million people... who welcome me into their living rooms each week.
and if i wouldn't buy him, do you realise what that means?
if i wouldn't buy him, the people of this country... aren't ready to buy him for that big job on pennsylvania avenue.
and just let the vermouth blow a kiss at the gin.
in just a while i'll be tossing some questions at old curly fuller.
i talk to a thousand people a day, this is a chance to unwind.
we didn't know that swallowing too much raw politics... can put a crease in your head a whole lot deeper... than that home-made joy juice we used to concoct back in arkansas.
marcia, you're the locker room where he eases up after the fight... win or lose.
you're the shock absorber for collisions with ex-wives... models, new wives and assorted tramps.
ed sullivan wants me to do my batons act on his show sunday night.
you can do your baton twirling dance... in the ladies' room at the little rock depot.
we'll have to be more careful than we used to be.
i'll have to stay married till i get my new appointment.
i know thas kind of going out of style, like the corset... but every once in a while, i ask myself, lonesome... where's that unmodern, uncomplicated, unliberated... but oh-so-happy one-man woman gone?
ain't no use getting het up about something we can't change.
secretary for national morale... is a job that i was born for!
somebody send for a doctor, he's been like that for 20 minutes.
in a time of crisis... who else could rabble the people like lonesome rhodes?
who else could move the people to action like lonesome rhodes?
marcia, i lost them... but all i've got to do is talk to them one more time.
i'll say i said that just to see how many were really listening.
then a couple of new fellas will come along... and soon a lot of your fans will be flocking around them.
then, one day, someone will ask "whatever happened to... whas his name?
you know, the one who was so big... the number one fella a couple of years ago.
he was famous, how can we forget a name like that?
or yours or yours, because people are fascinating wherever you find them.
this is marcia jeffries, looking for more faces in the crowd.
sheriff, the boys in here says you don't keep your word any too good.
well, you live up to your end of the bargain, and i'll live up to mine.
when i went east to sarah lawrence, that's a college, i majored in music.
i learned that the real american music comes from the bottom up.
when george gershwin played in new york, it was black-tie music.
but the real beginning of it was in folks who never owned a tie.
she's always waiting for me to pick her up and hold her.
never asks me for money or goes cheating around when i ain't looking.
we called him cousin "hurry" because he was always running someplace.
till one day he fell down a flight of steps and broke his fool neck.
i was getting ready to add a verse about being a free woman in the morning.
i bet a lot of you dream about that sometimes with all them breakfast dishes piling up.
why, they think running water over a dish is all there is to it.
they never see you cleaning the grease out of the sink or wiping out of the oven the beef gravy or apple juice that sizzles over the dish onto your grill.
i'd say, "uncle lou?" she'd say, "no, this is your uncle mike." or, "uncle moe."
seems like there wasn't a town in arkansas or missouri i didn't have a uncle in.
the fact he's running for mayor strikes me as kind of funny.
you know, back in my little old town of riddle, the way we elect fellas to office is we try to figure which fella can best be spared from useful labor.
mr. rhodes, you put me in mind of will rogers when he first came to memphis.
i can make you a star, boy, if you put yourself in my hands.
so i guess the young'uns figure they ain't got no place to swim.
but my boss old j.b. jeffries, he's got a fine swimming pool right here in town.
and if you ain't satisfied, or if i get homesick for arkansas why, back i come, and nobody gets hurt.
but now, if we find we get along you make it, oh, $ 1000 a week.
and just be perfectly natural, easy and relaxed and real country.
now, when that red light is on, that camera is on you.
and here he is, a newcomer to memphis television but sure to become an old friend.
a face in the crowd, starring that arkansas traveler lonesome rhodes.
he said all i had to do was act like i was looking straight at you.
but what he forgot to say was there'd be a great big old red eye looking straight at me.
you know, that old eye does look kind of familiar, though.
reminds me of my old uncle abernathy after a night of drinking that fine old five-star corn liquor.
i wanna tell you people something that happened this morning just before the sun was ready to come up.
i'm gonna tell you, and see if it don't happen to you the way it happened to me.
if it don't move you the way i think it will you're just a bunch of big-city pickle-hearts.
and i'm gonna pack up my one shirt and the bible my daddy give me and my cigar-box guitar, and i'll get me on home to riddle.
he's telling the truth about one shirt, but i haven't seen the bible.
when he talks about walking the night, i couldn't write it that well.
each one ready to prove it to you by sending half a buck so you can get back to millington and build a decent house for them brats of yours.
now, please, nobody send in more than four bits because you may not be able to spare it yourself.
if you're gonna follow that all the way ain't it better to just sleep on the floor?
but if some of you softies insist on sleeping on a bed i reckon you can do worse than a luffler easy rest.
- you slip in a remark, innocent-like about a product, and they pay in kind.
you know, a case of beer, free drinks at the yellow rose café.
mr. luffler said he don't like me to talk nasty about his mattress.
shucks, i said you could get a good night's sleep on one of them.
you may as well know vitajex is the sixth sister in the international drug family.
they're ready to put out a smaller pill and to cut the...
rhodes, i want you to get to know people like that.
i'd like to sort of take you under my wing and educate you.
but lonesome rhodes could be made into an influence, a wielder of opinion.
an institution positively sacred to this country, like the washington monument.
look at all them tv aerials sticking up like branches down there.
there's a whole forest of them from here to san diego.
all of them waiting to hear what i got to say.
that's why you woke me up in the middle of the night?
a thousand times deeper than we dreamed when we were starting out in arkansas.
on the set i'm beginning to act like i just ate the western hemisphere for breakfast.
but then, down here in the boiler room, i know i need advice.
not the kind i get from joey or the madison avenue high-domes who say "gesundheit" before i even pucker up to sneeze.
i hope you have better luck keeping him lonesome than i did.
i think you should understand that i'm just a business associate of mr. rhodes.
larry, he thinks he has to take a bite out of every broad he comes across.
then he calls them a tramp, and he drops them, and...
they even slide our paychecks under the door so they can pretend we're not here.
think of the satisfaction of being a small cog in the great wheel of humanity known as lonesome rhodes.
"today a face in the crowd takes you on a sentimental journey.
as lonesome rhodes, your old arkansas traveler goes home to the typical dirt-road, cotton-picking town of pickett, arkansas."
- where america's favorite country cousin first got his humble start.
and where he now returns to the simple folks who saw and loved him first.
i know i should start off with a funny story about them kinfolk of mine in riddle but i just feel too humble this afternoon as i look out upon this fine representative body of wholesome young american womanhood.
you know, i've been a fan of baton twirling from way back.
i suppose i should be a gentleman, wish you all the happiness.
i think i'll just be a cad and hope he chokes on a vitajex pill.
when newspaper people ask me, "walter, where do you get all that news?"
i invariably tell them, "i usually get it from an awful lot of people who promised somebody else they'd keep it secret." as for example:
that's why everyone here wants you to be the next president of the united states.
but your problem is getting the voters to listen to you getting them to like you enough to listen to you.
and i'll have to say he'll never get over to my audience.
not to the 65 million people who welcome me into their living rooms each week.
and if i wouldn't buy him, do you realize what that means?
if i wouldn't buy him the people of this country aren't ready to buy him for that job on pennsylvania avenue.
we didn't know that swallowing too much raw politics can put a crease in your head a lot deeper than that homemade kickapoo joy juice that we used to concoct back in arkansas.
i wished you'd give me the real cotton-picking truth about how you feel on the subject of more and more and more social security.
they think the time is right to pull the mask off him.
- let the public see what a fraud he really is.
well, at least i tone down some of the crazier notions he wants to spout on the air.
and i seem to be the only person he can talk to anymore.
you're the shock absorber for collisions with ex-wives and models and new wives and assorted tramps.
the wheel of efficiency without which the streamlined express called lonesome rhodes plunges off the track and leaps to destruction.
don't play the noble defender of the sanctity of marriage with me.
i know where you've been when betty was waiting up for you.
ed sullivan wants me to do my double-fire baton dance on his show sunday night.
you can do your double-fire baton-twirling dance in the ladies' room of the little rock depot.
he's selling him on the idea of creating a new cabinet post for me.
"in time of imminent crisis and danger." that's the way the general puts it.
i got 20 of the biggest men in this country coming to get fighters for fuller rolling.
i got an admiral, two governors some of them big investment-house boys and a cabinet minister.
shucks, i can take chicken fertilizer and sell it to them for caviar.
i can make them eat dog food, and they'll think it's steak.
finally, you gotta force complicated things into simple channels like this.
either you go up there and tell him it was you who did it and chop it off clean so he never comes crying to you again or you hold his hand, wipe his poor, perspiring brow fan his smoldering, dampened ego so it can burst up into flames and burn...
who else could move the people to action like lonesome rhodes?
you are looking at america's answer to the crying need for national...
but all i gotta do is talk with them one more time.
yeah, i'll tell them i just said that to see how many is really listening.
and pretty soon, a lot of your fans will be flocking around them.
and then one day, somebody will ask, "whatever happened to whatshisname?
or yours or yours, because people are fascinating wherever you find them.
this is marcia jeffries, looking for more faces in the crowd.
sheriff, the boys in here says you don*t keep your word any too good.
well, you live up to your end of the bargain, and i*ll live up to mine.
when i went east to sarah lawrence, that*s a college, i majored in music.
i learned that the real american music comes from the bottom up.
when george gershwin played in new york, it was black-tie music.
but the real beginning of it was in folks who never owned a tie.
she*s always waiting for me to pick her up and hold her.
never asks me for money or goes cheating around when i ain*t looking.
that boy may be bashful, marcia, but he*s pretty sweet on you.
the only thing i*m interested in right now is running the best radio program in northeast arkansas.
you know, back in my little old town of riddle, we had a cousin named harry.
we called him cousin "hurry" because he was always running someplace.
"he was in such a hurry, he just couldn*t wait to get here."
i was getting ready to add a verse about being a free woman in the morning.
i hate to talk against my own kind, but i never seen a man could appreciate how hard you women work.
why, they think running water over a dish is all there is to it.
l*d say, "uncle lou?" she*d say, "no, this is your uncle mike." or, "uncle moe."
seems like there wasn*t a town in arkansas or missouri i didn*t have a uncle in.
the fact he's running for mayor strikes me as kind of funny.
you know, back in my little old town of riddle, the way we elect fellas to office is we try to figure which fella can best be spared from useful labor.
mr. rhodes, you put me in mind of will rogers when he first came to memphis.
i can make you a star, boy, if you put yourself in my hands.
so i guess the young*uns figure they ain*t got no place to swim.
but my boss old j.b. jeffries, he's got a fine swimming pool right here in town.
and if you ain*t satisfied, or if i get homesick for arkansas why, back i come, and nobody gets hurt.
but now, if we find we get along you make it, oh, $ 1 ooo a week.
and just be perfectly natural, easy and relaxed and real country.
now, when that red light is on, that camera is on you.
and here he is, a newcomer to memphis television but sure to become an old friend.
a face in the crowd, starring that arkansas traveler lonesome rhodes.
he said all i had to do was act like i was looking straight at you.
but what he forgot to say was there*d be a great big old red eye looking straight at me.
you know, that old eye does look kind of familiar, though.
reminds me of my old uncle abernathy after a night of drinking that fine old five-star corn liquor.
you know, one thing i could see right off about a big city there*s a whole lot of people in trouble out there.
you don*t see it much in the daytime when everybody*s hustling around, rushing from where they is to where they ain*t.
l*m gonna tell you, and see if it don*t happen to you the way it happened to me.
if it don*t move you the way i think it will you*re just a bunch of big-city pickle-hearts.
and i*m gonna pack up my one shirt and the bible my daddy give me and my cigar-box guitar, and i*ll get me on home to riddle.
he*s telling the truth about one shirt, but i haven*t seen the bible.
what do you gonna bet you got 2o, ooo friends out there?
each one ready to prove it to you by sending half a buck so you can get back to millington and build a decent house for them brats of yours.
why, we*ve spent tens of thousands of dollars to find out the key words like "bracing" and "zestful."
rhodes has the audacity to tear our copy up in front of the audience.
but he got to where he was telling off presidents and kings.
general, my thinking is the second section of the same train.
but my study of history has convinced me that in every strong and healthy society from the egyptians on, the mass had to be guided with a strong hand by a responsible elite.
let us not forget that in tv we have the greatest instrument for mass persuasion in the history of the world.
and now, lonesome, back in those difficult days you had a pal.
we flew him to new york tonight to help recall the struggle and joys of times gone by, because, lonesome rhodes you lived it.
"dear lonesome, the boys in our ward at the veterans* hospital just got together and donated $9.75."
you ask me how i can keep going 17 hours without sleep?
there*s a whole forest of them from here to san diego.
all of them waiting to hear what i got to say.
that*s why you woke me up in the middle of the night?
marcia, what i*m trying to say is, all of them millions of people believing in me doing what i tell them to... : : :scares me:
on the set l*m beginning to act like i just ate the western hemisphere for breakfast.
but then, down here in the boiler room, i know i need advice.
they even slide our paychecks under the door so they can pretend we*re not here.
think of the satisfaction of being a small cog in the great wheel of humanity known as lonesome rhodes.
"today a face in the crowd takes you on a sentimental journey.
as lonesome rhodes, your old arkansas traveler goes home to the typical dirt-road, cotton-picking town of pickett, arkansas."
- where america's favorite country cousin first got his humble start.
and where he now returns to the simple folks who saw and loved him first.
i know i should start off with a funny story about them kinfolk of mine in riddle but i just feel too humble this afternoon as i look out upon this fine representative body of wholesome young american womanhood.
you know, i*ve been a fan of baton twirling from way back.
i suppose i should be a gentleman, wish you all the happiness.
i think i*ll just be a cad and hope he chokes on a vitajex pill.
betty lou is your public all wrapped up with yellow ribbons into one cute little package.
she*s the logical culmination of the great 2oth-century love affair between lonesome rhodes and his mass audience.
if i sound stridently female about miss drum majorette, i don*t mean to be.
i knew you married her just as a way of not marrying me.
i invariably tell them, "i usually get it from an awful lot of people who promised somebody else they*d keep it secret." as for example:
just what is lonesome rhodes going to talk to general haynesworth about?
i have to look at the image on that screen same as i*d look at a performer on my show.
and i*ll have to say he*ll never get over to my audience.
not to the 65 million people who welcome me into their living rooms each week.
and if i wouldn*t buy him, do you realize what that means?
and just let the vermouth blow a kiss at the gin.
yes, in just a little while, i'm gonna be tossing some questions at old curly fuller here.
all those months he was calling me vanderbilt *44 and frontal lobe when i should*ve been punching him in the nose.
well, now i got the book to punch him in the nose.
you*re the locker room where he eases up after the fight, win or lose.
you*re the shock absorber for collisions with ex-wives and models and new wives and assorted tramps.
ed sullivan wants me to do my double-fire baton dance on his show sunday night.
you can do your double-fire baton-twirling dance in the ladies* room of the little rock depot.
he*s selling him on the idea of creating a new cabinet post for me.
"in time of imminent crisis and danger." that*s the way the general puts it.
i got 2o of the biggest men in this country coming to get fighters for fuller rolling.
i got an admiral, two governors some of them big investment-house boys and a cabinet minister.
shucks, i can take chicken fertilizer and sell it to them for caviar.
i can make them eat dog food, and they'll think it's steak.
finally, you gotta force complicated things into simple channels like this.
either you go up there and tell him it was you who did it and chop it off clean so he never comes crying to you again or you hold his hand, wipe his poor, perspiring brow fan his smoldering, dampened ego so it can burst up into flames and burn...
who else could move the people to action like lonesome rhodes?
you are looking at america*s answer to the crying need for national...
but all i gotta do is talk with them one more time.
yeah, i*ll tell them i just said that to see how many is really listening.
and pretty soon, a lot of your fans will be flocking around them.
and then one day, somebody will ask, "whatever happened to whatshisname?
this morning, she's gonna do her program from right in here.
so, miss jeffries, the jail of tomahawk county is at your disposal.
i learned that the real american music comes from the bottom up.
when george gershwin played in new york, it was black-tie music.
but the real beginning of it was in folks who never owned a tie.
i bumped into a fella you never heard of, name of rhodes.
never asks me for money or goes cheating around when i ain't looking.
if she gets a little sour, why, i just give her a little twist like so, and we're back in tune together.
deep down, when we get ready to tuck our heads under our wings and go to sleep we ain't kidding ourselves.
we're so low-down lonely, the fella we couldn't stand the sight of this morning tonight, when they get ready to douse the lights and plunge us into darkness why, that same fella seems like our nearest, dearest buddy.
the sheriff's gonna open this cage, and i'm gonna be as free as a bird in the morning.
hey, maybe i can try putting a couple of rhymes together...
to open up this nasty, filthy jailhouse and make a free man of me
how about that, any objection to being free in the morning?
we called him cousin "hurry" because he was always running someplace.
till one day he fell down a flight of steps and broke his fool neck.
i was getting ready to add a verse about being a free woman in the morning.
i bet a lot of you dream about that sometimes with all them breakfast dishes piling up.
why, they think running water over a dish is all there is to it.
they never see you cleaning the grease out of the sink or wiping out of the oven the beef gravy or apple juice...
seems like there wasn't a town in arkansas or missouri i didn't have a uncle in.
yes, ma'am, my old lady sure was generous about taking in relatives.
now, in most places he's gonna be put on town relief but, now, in riddle, why, as economy measure, we make him the dogcatcher.
but now, this sheriff of yours now, of course, i don't wanna say nothing agin him but if you got any mutts around you wanna get rid of just take them over to his place to see if he can handle the job.
but my boss old j.b. jeffries, he's got a fine swimming pool right here in town.
why don't all you kids go over to his place for a ducking.
now, if i got to take leave of these good folks why, i'd rather try it gratis, for nothing, for a couple of weeks.
and if you ain't satisfied, or if i get homesick for arkansas why, back i come, and nobody gets hurt.
i think that straw is gonna be a very nice touch.
and here he is, a newcomer to memphis television but sure to become an old friend.
but what he forgot to say was there'd be a great big old red eye looking straight at me.
you know, that old eye does look kind of familiar, though.
reminds me of my old uncle abernathy after a night of drinking that fine old five-star corn liquor.
he put a star on the bottle for every day it aged.
last night i settled down for my 12-hour nap in the hotel and "moly hoses," what a honking and lights flashing and gals giggling on the street.
so i called down to the desk on this telephone they got in every room.
i wanna tell you people something that happened this morning just before the sun was ready to come up.
l'm gonna tell you, and see if it don't happen to you the way it happened to me.
if it don't move you the way i think it will you're just a bunch of big-city pickle-hearts.
and i'm gonna pack up my one shirt and the bible my daddy give me and my cigar-box guitar, and i'll get me on home to riddle.
he's telling the truth about one shirt, but i haven't seen the bible.
when he talks about walking the night, i couldn't write it that well.
each one ready to prove it to you by sending half a buck so you can get back to millington and build a decent house for them brats of yours.
now, please, nobody send in more than four bits because you may not be able to spare it yourself.
if you're gonna follow that all the way ain't it better to just sleep on the floor?
but if some of you softies insist on sleeping on a bed i reckon you can do worse than a luffler easy rest.
- you slip in a remark, innocent-like about a product, and they pay in kind.
you know, a case of beer, free drinks at the yellow rose café.
mr. luffler said he don't like me to talk nasty about his mattress.
shucks, i said you could get a good night's sleep on one of them.
you may as well know vitajex is the sixth sister in the international drug family.
they're ready to put out a smaller pill and to cut the...
rhodes, i want you to get to know people like that.
l'd like to sort of take you under my wing and educate you.
but lonesome rhodes could be made into an influence, a wielder of opinion.
an institution positively sacred to this country, like the washington monument.
look at all them tv aerials sticking up like branches down there.
there's a whole forest of them from here to san diego.
all of them waiting to hear what i got to say.
that's why you woke me up in the middle of the night?
a thousand times deeper than we dreamed when we were starting out in arkansas.
on the set l'm beginning to act like i just ate the western hemisphere for breakfast.
but then, down here in the boiler room, i know i need advice.
not the kind i get from joey or the madison avenue high-domes who say "gesundheit" before i even pucker up to sneeze.
i hope you have better luck keeping him lonesome than i did.
i think you should understand that i'm just a business associate of mr. rhodes.
larry, he thinks he has to take a bite out of every broad he comes across.
then he calls them a tramp, and he drops them, and...
they hate themselves for being mild and hate the extroverts whose violence seems to have an attraction for nice girls who should know better.
"today a face in the crowd takes you on a sentimental journey.
as lonesome rhodes, your old arkansas traveler goes home to the typical dirt-road, cotton-picking town of pickett, arkansas."
- where america's favorite country cousin first got his humble start.
and where he now returns to the simple folks who saw and loved him first.
to choose, on his latest face in the crowd, the lucky and talented girl whom he will select from hundreds of contestants as miss arkansas drum majorette of 1957.
when newspaper people ask me, "walter, where do you get all that news?"
i invariably tell them, "i usually get it from an awful lot of people who promised somebody else they'd keep it secret." as for example:
that's why everyone here wants you to be the next president of the united states.
but your problem is getting the voters to listen to you getting them to like you enough to listen to you.
and i'll have to say he'll never get over to my audience.
not to the 65 million people who welcome me into their living rooms each week.
and if i wouldn't buy him, do you realize what that means?
if i wouldn't buy him the people of this country aren't ready to buy him for that job on pennsylvania avenue.
we didn't know that swallowing too much raw politics can put a crease in your head a lot deeper than that homemade kickapoo joy juice that we used to concoct back in arkansas.
i wished you'd give me the real cotton-picking truth about how you feel on the subject of more and more and more social security.
they think the time is right to pull the mask off him.
- let the public see what a fraud he really is.
well, at least i tone down some of the crazier notions he wants to spout on the air.
and i seem to be the only person he can talk to anymore.
you're the shock absorber for collisions with ex-wives and models and new wives and assorted tramps.
the wheel of efficiency without which the streamlined express called lonesome rhodes plunges off the track and leaps to destruction.
don't play the noble defender of the sanctity of marriage with me.
i know where you've been when betty was waiting up for you.
everybody that's got to jump when somebody else blows the whistle.
they don't know it yet, but they're all gonna be fighters for fuller.
you mean to tell me the success of my show depends on one self-important, neurotic, temperamental female?
l'm fed up with the whole lot of you incompetents, nincompoops, bootlickers.
"lonesome, where's that unmodern uncomplicated, unliberated but oh-so-happy one-man woman gone?"
ain't no use getting ourselves all het up about something we can't change.
you know, when we was standing there in that cold water, bellybutton high and the sun is commencing to smile in on us.
curly looked at me, and he says, "lonesome the family that prays together stays together. "
either you go up there and tell him it was you who did it and chop it off clean so he never comes crying to you again or you hold his hand, wipe his poor, perspiring brow fan his smoldering, dampened ego so it can burst up into flames and burn...
secretary for national morale is a job that i was born for.
in a time of crisis who else could rally the people like lonesome rhodes?
who else could move the people to action like lonesome rhodes?
or yours or yours, because people are fascinating wherever you find them.
this is marcia jeffries, looking for more faces in the crowd.
sheriff, the boys in here says you don't keep your word any too good.
well, you live up to your end of the bargain, and i'll live up to mine.
when i went east to sarah lawrence, that's a college, i majored in music.
i learned that the real american music comes from the bottom up.
when george gershwin played in new york, it was black-tie music.
but the real beginning of it was in folks who never owned a tie.
she's always waiting for me to pick her up and hold her.
never asks me for money or goes cheating around when i ain't looking.
we called him cousin "hurry" because he was always running someplace.
till one day he fell down a flight of steps and broke his fool neck.
i was getting ready to add a verse about being a free woman in the morning.
i bet a lot of you dream about that sometimes with all them breakfast dishes piling up.
why, they think running water over a dish is all there is to it.
they never see you cleaning the grease out of the sink or wiping out of the oven the beef gravy or apple juice that sizzles over the dish onto your grill.
i'd say, "uncle lou?" she'd say, "no, this is your uncle mike." or, "uncle moe."
seems like there wasn't a town in arkansas or missouri i didn't have a uncle in.
the fact he's running for mayor strikes me as kind of funny.
you know, back in my little old town of riddle, the way we elect fellas to office is we try to figure which fella can best be spared from useful labor.
mr. rhodes, you put me in mind of will rogers when he first came to memphis.
i can make you a star, boy, if you put yourself in my hands.
so i guess the young'uns figure they ain't got no place to swim.
but my boss old j.b. jeffries, he's got a fine swimming pool right here in town.
and if you ain't satisfied, or if i get homesick for arkansas why, back i come, and nobody gets hurt.
but now, if we find we get along you make it, oh, $ 1000 a week.
and just be perfectly natural, easy and relaxed and real country.
now, when that red light is on, that camera is on you.
and here he is, a newcomer to memphis television but sure to become an old friend.
a face in the crowd, starring that arkansas traveler lonesome rhodes.
he said all i had to do was act like i was looking straight at you.
but what he forgot to say was there'd be a great big old red eye looking straight at me.
you know, that old eye does look kind of familiar, though.
reminds me of my old uncle abernathy after a night of drinking that fine old five-star corn liquor.
i wanna tell you people something that happened this morning just before the sun was ready to come up.
i'm gonna tell you, and see if it don't happen to you the way it happened to me.
if it don't move you the way i think it will you're just a bunch of big-city pickle-hearts.
and i'm gonna pack up my one shirt and the bible my daddy give me and my cigar-box guitar, and i'll get me on home to riddle.
he's telling the truth about one shirt, but i haven't seen the bible.
when he talks about walking the night, i couldn't write it that well.
each one ready to prove it to you by sending half a buck so you can get back to millington and build a decent house for them brats of yours.
now, please, nobody send in more than four bits because you may not be able to spare it yourself.
if you're gonna follow that all the way ain't it better to just sleep on the floor?
but if some of you softies insist on sleeping on a bed i reckon you can do worse than a luffler easy rest.
- you slip in a remark, innocent-like about a product, and they pay in kind.
you know, a case of beer, free drinks at the yellow rose café.
mr. luffler said he don't like me to talk nasty about his mattress.
shucks, i said you could get a good night's sleep on one of them.
you may as well know vitajex is the sixth sister in the international drug family.
they're ready to put out a smaller pill and to cut the...
rhodes, i want you to get to know people like that.
i'd like to sort of take you under my wing and educate you.
but lonesome rhodes could be made into an influence, a wielder of opinion.
an institution positively sacred to this country, like the washington monument.
look at all them tv aerials sticking up like branches down there.
there's a whole forest of them from here to san diego.
all of them waiting to hear what i got to say.
that's why you woke me up in the middle of the night?
a thousand times deeper than we dreamed when we were starting out in arkansas.
on the set i'm beginning to act like i just ate the western hemisphere for breakfast.
but then, down here in the boiler room, i know i need advice.
not the kind i get from joey or the madison avenue high-domes who say "gesundheit" before i even pucker up to sneeze.
i hope you have better luck keeping him lonesome than i did.
i think you should understand that i'm just a business associate of mr. rhodes.
larry, he thinks he has to take a bite out of every broad he comes across.
then he calls them a tramp, and he drops them, and...
they even slide our paychecks under the door so they can pretend we're not here.
think of the satisfaction of being a small cog in the great wheel of humanity known as lonesome rhodes.
"today a face in the crowd takes you on a sentimental journey.
as lonesome rhodes, your old arkansas traveler goes home to the typical dirt-road, cotton-picking town of pickett, arkansas."
- where america's favorite country cousin first got his humble start.
and where he now returns to the simple folks who saw and loved him first.
i know i should start off with a funny story about them kinfolk of mine in riddle but i just feel too humble this afternoon as i look out upon this fine representative body of wholesome young american womanhood.
you know, i've been a fan of baton twirling from way back.
i suppose i should be a gentleman, wish you all the happiness.
i think i'll just be a cad and hope he chokes on a vitajex pill.
when newspaper people ask me, "walter, where do you get all that news?"
i invariably tell them, "i usually get it from an awful lot of people who promised somebody else they'd keep it secret." as for example:
that's why everyone here wants you to be the next president of the united states.
but your problem is getting the voters to listen to you getting them to like you enough to listen to you.
and i'll have to say he'll never get over to my audience.
not to the 65 million people who welcome me into their living rooms each week.
and if i wouldn't buy him, do you realize what that means?
if i wouldn't buy him the people of this country aren't ready to buy him for that job on pennsylvania avenue.
we didn't know that swallowing too much raw politics can put a crease in your head a lot deeper than that homemade kickapoo joy juice that we used to concoct back in arkansas.
i wished you'd give me the real cotton-picking truth about how you feel on the subject of more and more and more social security.
they think the time is right to pull the mask off him.
- let the public see what a fraud he really is.
well, at least i tone down some of the crazier notions he wants to spout on the air.
and i seem to be the only person he can talk to anymore.
you're the shock absorber for collisions with ex-wives and models and new wives and assorted tramps.
the wheel of efficiency without which the streamlined express called lonesome rhodes plunges off the track and leaps to destruction.
don't play the noble defender of the sanctity of marriage with me.
i know where you've been when betty was waiting up for you.
ed sullivan wants me to do my double-fire baton dance on his show sunday night.
you can do your double-fire baton-twirling dance in the ladies' room of the little rock depot.
he's selling him on the idea of creating a new cabinet post for me.
"in time of imminent crisis and danger." that's the way the general puts it.
i got 20 of the biggest men in this country coming to get fighters for fuller rolling.
i got an admiral, two governors some of them big investment-house boys and a cabinet minister.
shucks, i can take chicken fertilizer and sell it to them for caviar.
i can make them eat dog food, and they'll think it's steak.
finally, you gotta force complicated things into simple channels like this.
either you go up there and tell him it was you who did it and chop it off clean so he never comes crying to you again or you hold his hand, wipe his poor, perspiring brow fan his smoldering, dampened ego so it can burst up into flames and burn...
who else could move the people to action like lonesome rhodes?
you are looking at america's answer to the crying need for national...
but all i gotta do is talk with them one more time.
yeah, i'll tell them i just said that to see how many is really listening.
and pretty soon, a lot of your fans will be flocking around them.
and then one day, somebody will ask, "whatever happened to whatshisname?
i, agatha alder, being in sound mind, believe that i am going to be murdered by my nephew george alder."
"he has found out that i am changing my will and am disinheriting him for the inhumane treatment of his unhappy wife, karen.
may i quote from canon of legal ethics the definition of a prosecutor's job?
quote, "the primary duty of a lawyer engaged in a public prosecution is not to convict, but to see that justice is done," unquote.
there were footprints in the flower bed outside of a woman's shoes.
now, i ask you if this is the cast that was made of those footprints?
now, then, did you check the handles of those french doors for fingerprints?
i lifted several prints from the door handles and the immediate area.
yet you're surprised to find that area covered with her fingerprints?
now, lieutenant, are you familiar with the personal property the defendant took with her to the alder house on the night of the murder?
i was with her at the bank just before we sailed.
who was the first person to enter agatha alder's cabin after her disappearance?
would it surprise you, miss santos, to learn that your employer, mr. isidoro martinez, also lives at 22 ederline avenue?
your honour, i resent this attempt to humiliate and degrade the witness.
dr. murray, is there not the distinct possibility that had agatha alder been pushed through a cabin porthole, there still would not necessarily have been marks or bruises upon her body?
that would be possible if she could have been pushed through the porthole.
and that your testimony here is an ingenious, but obvious perjury.
your honour, at this point i request permission of the court to defer any further examination of this witness so that i can secure information which will prove perjury on her part.
mrs. alder, the night of your husband's murder, did you see any signs of disorder or violence in the vicinity of the body?
the desk was ransacked, and his papers were all over the floor.
you are right, mrs. alder, this is the bottle that was found at paradise cove.
but dorian testified he brought only a copy of the note to your husband.
you saw it when you wrote that note accusing your husband of murder.
you saw it when you threw it into the ocean at paradise cove.
it's as if he was a kid again, that's all we needed.
he behaves only when he's drunk and drinking's bad for him.
it's as if he was a kid again, that's all we needed.
he behaves only when he's drunk and drinking's bad for him.
i'll handle aldo, i just need you to watch out for him.
he must not know, he must stay home, otherwise... who knows what may happen.
you'd think it impossible for an animal so small... to be so tough.
imagine, a hippopotamus steak, an animal that weighs 3 ton, is as tender as butter.
maybe i can get a good movie on the late show.
keep the volume down or you'll have mrs. bolton pounding on the ceiling again.
now listen, harry, if this gets out, they'll take me out of the show.
and i already wrote home and i told my family all about it.
i carried the body down to the cellar and hid it.
i lost the sash to my bathrobe and i had to go down there again to get it.
the killer couldn't have come up the fire escape because the retractable ladder hasn't been lowered.
you know, there's only one way he or she could have gotten out there and that's through the window of your apartment.
maybe i can get a good movie on the late show.
keep the volume down or you'll have mrs. bolton pounding on the ceiling again.
now listen, harry, if this gets out, they'll take me out of the show.
and i already wrote home and i told my family all about it.
i carried the body down to the cellar and hid it.
i lost the sash to my bathrobe and i had to go down there again to get it.
the killer couldn't have come up the fire escape because the retractable ladder hasn't been lowered.
you know, there's only one way he or she could have gotten out there and that's through the window of your apartment.
you're wrong, you know, you're wrong, but there's something wrong here there's something that's been overlooked.
i put all the skill, all the knowledge of twenty years of the law into this...
he told me she was so drunk he had to leave her at the flat.
the postmortem showed no trace of alcohol in the girl's blood.
then you must have known when those magazines were sent off that i should never read that letter!
look, brian, i'm not a detective, you've got to help me!
well, look in one of those magazines was a note written on a piece of blue paper.
look, it got slipped in with one of the magazines by mistake.
you needn't be delicate with me, mr. gauge, i'm a woman who's lived.
i saw you out there in the car, looking very grand.
well, there are one or two questions i'd like to ask you.
well, you tell mrs. stanford if she wants any evidence for a divorce.... ...she doesn't have to send a detective, she can come around and get it herself.
well, it just goes to show you, mr. gauge i'm not a very good judge of life, am i?
do you know what i said to my vickie when she told me about the promotion?
one of the little pleasures in life, mr gauge, i can now give myself.
just to hear it ring and know that you don't have to go anywhere.
do they strike you as people who have a secret of this kind on their minds?
everyone has a secret, it's not always written in the face.
mr. maxwell, i don't think you got the point of my last question.
why have you called a press conference a few hours before alec graham is due to be hanged?
that scaffold which is so conveniently placed in the cell next to alec graham.
what is it that you supporters of the bill actually object to?
i picked up the phone, and while i was on the phone, i i could see the two of them in that mirror, there...
i thought i saw honor put a piece of paper in amongst some old magazines on the table, there.
used to sit there opening it and closing it opening it and closing it.
sometimes in the middle of the night that hand's there and the locket and alec's face!
i thought he'd paid you to be his alibi, but but he didn't have to pay you, he...
mrs. stanford would never have thought of checking on it she'd have taken his word!
but she wasn't drunk, of course, she was she was just pretending to be drunk.
she wanted to get rid of alec because she was waiting for you!
she don't work hard enough all day, besides taking care of the baby.
come wednesday night, she's got to knock herself out teaching these monzas how to dance spanish.
honest to peter and paul, i'm married to a crazy lunatic.
you want to be a hero for the union, go organize the devils in hell...
but when a hoodlum climbs on a manufacturer's back, it's tough to shake him off.
but he couldn't have had anything to do with killing his partner.
now i don't have to remind you that 10%% of the shops in the garment center are still non-union.
now we've either got to get them in or there'll be no more...
'cause somebody here's wired direct to these goons, that's how come!
yes, i know there are traitors here in my own committee, but i want them and those they invited to hear your answer.
he was at a union meeting last night, when they broke in and beat him up.
and before that, they told his wife they'd kill him if he didn't stay away from here.
mr. mitchell, i came here because your son asked me to.
but i'm telling you, we're going to bring roxton fashions into the union.
three percent of the payroll for retirement, 2%% for health, 2%% for vacations, always with a hand stuck out for more.
the only thing a boss can be sure of these days is an early heart attack.
well, this boy, when he gives it to you, right under the belt.
mr. junior executive, when you learn the facts of life in this business...
in the old days, when the union started, they used to kill them like flies.
when the union loses a tulio renata, it may well weep, for the tulio renatas can never be replaced, even in a union like ours, where so many have given so much for the betterment of others.
but as tulio dedicated himself, so we shall pledge ourselves to his memory, all 400, 000 of us.
they gave tulio renata a martyr's funeral, one of the biggest ever held in new york city.
use it to turn a buck, and you might as well go all the way.
for 15 years, i kept the union off your back, and you never asked me how.
the slain man's son has promised that evidence will soon be forthcoming that will lead to the arrest and conviction of the murderer.
if i'd stayed away, hadn't come back, this never would have happened.
one august afternoon our 2 lovers went for a ride in the nearby woods
we'd spotted them earlier in the afternoon and like hunters, we tracked them at a distance... instead of hounding them as usual with our name-calling and teasing
at the end of vacation, life gave its cruelest reply to our letter, leaving an abominable sadness in our hearts
we learned bernadette's fiancé had died that summer in a mountain-climbing accident
what led us there as the balls flew over the hot sand?
love of the game, the short skirt or bernadette's bare legs?
how could childhood instincts fight an enemy stronger than us... an unknown enemy named love?
we kept an eye on bernadette on her bike flying off to her dates and pleasures
we learned bernadette's fiancé had died that summer in a mountain-climbing accident
at heart, we weren't mean, but beset with a rage... children feel concerning love, unknown yet haunting
you know, we're real pals, but it bothers me he always pays.
if you prefer that gentleman's company to mine, just say so.
if steve sees it, you'll be hanging out at the morgue.
but if you toe the line, we could work things out.
it's very hard not to cave in during questioning, especially when bedridden.
i took you for a traitor, hence my regrettable fit of temper.
you know, we're real pals, but it bothers me he always pays.
if you prefer that gentleman's company to mine, just say so.
if steve sees it, you'll be hanging out at the morgue.
but if you toe the line, we could work things out.
it's very hard not to cave in during questioning, especially when bedridden.
i took you for a traitor, hence my regrettable fit of temper.
florence, 5km along this road is the end of the casino's lake.
leave the car there and walk back to the pontoon, where the speedboat is.
you see, this is arranged so that anyone touching the channel selector to change programs gets a nasty shock.
we rather hope we will improve the loyalty of our viewers.
i told him to go to machine gun riley to get a story.
i figured that riley would give the kid the scare of his life and just toss him out on his kisser.
so i tell you what, johnny, because the world is coming to an end,
i'll put you on the cuff for a half a pint.
it can't make no difference now to you or to me.
all of us ought to do something good for the little time we got left, something decent.
now, the kettle's on and soon we'll have a sizzling cup of hot tea.
now, please, may i have your jacket so i can clean it?
i ain't thought about any of it in a long time.
oh, i'm so sorry to have asked you questions of such a personal nature.
the world coming to an end, you keeping kids from being happy.
they only got a few minutes and you take it away from them.
it also burns out the television tube, making it impossible for the bereaved to watch the rest of the show.
well, nothing is perfect and there's nothing like a good practical joke.
to you, halloran, for teaching me two things in my youth.
this great newspaperman taught me never to trust anyone, especially mr. halloran.
i was only 20 at the time, just a cub on the gazette.
i told him to go to machine gun riley to get a story.
so i tell you what, johnny, because the world is coming to an end,
i'll put you on the cuff for a half a pint.
it can't make no difference now to you or to me.
all of us ought to do something good for the little time we got left, something decent.
now, the kettle's on and soon we'll have a sizzling cup of hot tea.
now, please, may i have your jacket so i can clean it?
i ain't thought about any of it in a long time.
oh, i'm so sorry to have asked you questions of such a personal nature.
the world coming to an end, you keeping kids from being happy.
they only got a few minutes and you take it away from them.
it also burns out the television tube, making it impossible for the bereaved to watch the rest of the show.
well, nothing is perfect and there's nothing like a good practical joke.
to you, halloran, for teaching me two things in my youth.
this great newspaperman taught me never to trust anyone, especially mr. halloran.
i was only 20 at the time, just a cub on the gazette.
i told him to go to machine gun riley to get a story.
so i tell you what, johnny, because the world is coming to an end,
i'll put you on the cuff for a half a pint.
it can't make no difference now to you or to me.
all of us ought to do something good for the little time we got left, something decent.
now, the kettle's on and soon we'll have a sizzling cup of hot tea.
now, please, may i have your jacket so i can clean it?
i ain't thought about any of it in a long time.
oh, i'm so sorry to have asked you questions of such a personal nature.
the world coming to an end, you keeping kids from being happy.
they only got a few minutes and you take it away from them.
you see, this is arranged so that anyone touching the channel selector to change programs gets a nasty shock.
we rather hope we will improve the loyalty of our viewers.
i told him to go to machine gun riley to get a story.
i figured that riley would give the kid the scare of his life and just toss him out on his kisser.
i guess that's why i ain't thought about her, or the baby or chuck.
when you ain't got nobody to talk with, you don't do much thinking or remembering.
i hope you'll join us next time when we shall return with another story.
we also hope to have the bugs out of this little device.
on the left bank on the right bank and in between.
they do it by day and they do it by night.
how about the case of the benedictine monk who quit his order for the love of a young widow?
she only married him because she wanted the secret formula for the liqueur.
before i show you these photographs i wish to point out that they were taken under very difficult conditions.
the light was bad, the distance considerable and the angle was quite impossible.
loulou first thing tomorrow morning you're going to the analyst, bad dog!
when i saw you coming down the corridor, i could have sworn you were my wife.
you wouldn't want me to spend my last night in paris alone?
well, the gentleman with the gun offered to introduce you to his wife.
i hope this letter reaches you in time to cancel the gypsies.
i'm not exactly the kind of girl you would be interested in.
preliminary estimate on the cost of overhauling your canals is $87,000,000.
if you want my advice, drain the water out of the canals and pave them over, or those plumbing bills will kill you.
pardon, monsieur, but it is 10:00 your car is here to take you to the airport.
you can send up for the luggage, and tell my chauffeur i'll be right down.
of course, if you must know, it was an alpine guide.
very strong, very blond, with edelweiss behind his ears and he had the most attractive knees.
or that i've spent all this time crying over you and carrying on and swallowing things like that girl in venice.
if i thought that, i'd get out of here like a scared jackrabbit.
he will solve it for you, monsieur, one way or the other.
either the young lady is innocent, in which case everything is fine or she is guilty, in which case i will sell you my gun at a very reasonable price.
he wants to give me a mercedes benz, a blue one, it's my favorite color.
and while you're in athens, i'll be with the duke again, in scotland.
it is just like any other big city, london, new york, tokyo except for two little things.
in paris, people eat better and in paris people make love, well, perhaps not better but certainly more often.
i had been working the nightwatch on the place vendôme outside the ritz hotel.
in order to protect the innocent, i will call this the case of madame x.
your hand will tremble, at best you will wound her in the leg or shoulder.
you will take her to the hospital she will meet a very attractive doctor--
loulou first thing tomorrow morning you're going to the analyst, bad dog!
when i saw you coming down the corridor, i could have sworn you were my wife.
you wouldn't want me to spend my last night in paris alone?
well, the gentleman with the gun offered to introduce you to his wife.
i hope this letter reaches you in time to cancel the gypsies.
i'm not exactly the kind of girl you would be interested in.
preliminary estimate on the cost of overhauling your canals is $87,000,000.
if you want my advice, drain the water out of the canals and pave them over, or those plumbing bills will kill you.
no, that would've been too risky with the way people talk.
well, i could have put it in a paper bag, a big brown paper bag.
of course, if you must know, it was an alpine guide.
very strong, very blond, with edelweiss behind his ears and he had the most attractive knees.
or that i've spent all this time crying over you and carrying on and swallowing things like that girl in venice.
if i thought that, i'd get out of here like a scared jackrabbit.
he will solve it for you, monsieur, one way or the other.
either the young lady is innocent, in which case everything is fine or she is guilty, in which case i will sell you my gun at a very reasonable price.
he wants to give me a mercedes benz, a blue one, it's my favorite color.
and while you're in athens, i'll be with the duke again, in scotland.
you will also investigate the phenomenon encountered by the byrd expedition of 1947, a polar oasis consisting of a body of warm water completely surrounded by this vast desert of ice.
now, at the time, this discovery astounded the entire scientific world, caused a great deal of speculation.
don't forget, once i was alone with half a million of them for three months in korea.
in that case, miss hathaway, i think you've had excellent basic training.
i hope you won't mind having to fly the first woman over antarctica.
ma'am, you just say the word, and i'll fly you up to the moon.
in 1947, the use of huskies as draft animals was still very much a part of any operation in the antarctic.
and here we see some scenes of the careful training that both men and dogs underwent in the months prior to embarkation.
its main goal is the bay of whales in the ross sea.
but 800 miles of the ross ice barrier had to be penetrated.
and its foodstuffs, bread and other perishables remain unharmed in nature's great deep freeze.
now, at the edge of the ross ice barrier some 800 miles away from admiral byrd's base camp, huge transport aircraft for the first time are launched from an aircraft carrier and land in little america.
now, their mission, the greatest aerial exploration and mapping program of antarctica ever undertaken.
now, here you see the first pictures ever made of antarctica's ice-free warm water region, first discovered by the byrd expedition in '47 and which will be thoroughly investigated by a member of our own group...
i'll have to ask you to take longer flights than i would permit under ordinary circumstances.
you'll commence operations as soon as we reach open water, which will be just about there.
well, now i believe it, but there's still the big question.
is it the beginning of a new heat wave or the tail-end of a million-year-old cooling-off process?
even if we could, it would be a nice three-week stroll back to base.
why don't we go back to the warm water lakes and just sit it out?
well, i won't be able to tell you till i take it apart.
but it looks as though all it is is a bent tube.
they can pick up our radio signal and home in on it.
they can get us out of here in a few hours.
enough rations in here to feed a small army for a couple of months.
if we're not found within 30 days, we'll have to do better than that.
it's my guess that this valley is still in the mesozoic era.
do you think there's any kind of animal life down here?
we're at the bottom of a deep canyon, about 3,000 feet below sea level.
there's a heavy cloud layer, some 1,500 feet that you'll have to break through.
obviously, the only place we've got a chance is right here in this helicopter.
in that case, we better keep our food supplies in here, too.
in 50 million years, you'll be a monkey in a tree.
and then one day, you'll come down and walk on your hind legs.
you won't call me that after you've been here for 10 years.
you'll be crawling on your belly like the rest of the beasts, if you live that long.
wait till the antarctic night comes and for nine months the black air hangs round you like a rotten rag.
and your eyes are blinded from the dark and from your own sweat.
as officers of this great enterprise, you will facilitate our navy's geographical and meteorological mapping operations.
you will also investigate the phenomenon encountered by the byrd expedition of 1947, a polar oasis consisting of a body of warm water completely surrounded by this vast desert of ice.
in that case, miss hathaway, i think you've had excellent basic training.
now, would you care to meet some of the men you'll be working with?
admiral byrd boards his flagship, and the expedition is on its way.
its main goal is the bay of whales in the ross sea.
but 800 miles of the ross ice barrier had to be penetrated.
but finally, in the winter of '47, which is just the beginning of summer in the antarctic, the expedition arrives.
now, at the edge of the ross ice barrier some 800 miles away from admiral byrd's base camp, huge transport aircraft for the first time are launched from an aircraft carrier and land in little america.
now, their mission, the greatest aerial exploration and mapping program of antarctica ever undertaken.
it's hard to believe that millions of years ago this region was subtropical.
in those days, on an excursion like this, you would have worn a bathing suit.
if we're not found within 30 days, we'll have to do better than that.
the expedition pulls out at the end of february, and there may not be another one for years.
maggie, we gotta face it, they can't risk 1,000 men just for the four of us.
and once winter sets in, the ice pack would crush their ships like matchboxes.
he's a mammal, but it's his eyes that tell the story.
observe, please, they're on the front of his head and not on the side like reptile or fish eyes.
and then one day, you'll come down and walk on your hind legs.
another 50 million years flip by just "pfft," and you'll be aristotle,
maybe you will, if you aren't trampled to death first or eaten alive or die of starvation.
wait till the antarctic night comes and for nine months the black air hangs round you like a rotten rag.
she took away her family's self-respect, the day she ran off with that gypsy... the day before marrying a respectable man.
well, when that "gypsy" as you say, died, he was already her husband.
and by way of its bells and joy, with a few words it proclaims my love.
my love is a star, and i can not reach her,
and i think about her all the time, but she doesn't want to look at me.
i'm a poor altar boy who doesn't have any more consolation, than to dream of this radiance that calls from heaven.
to the four corners of my tower with spring arrived yesterday,
four swallows and a muttering that reminds me of stars and dawn.
curse the light of the day that steals the resplendence from me, when the echo of your song cheers up my agony.
i'm a poor altar boy who doesn't have any more consolation, than to dream of this radiance that calls from heaven.
the tango is danced in cadiz, and that's the honest truth.
just watching as the girls pass by on the sidewalk, as the girls pass by, as the girls pass by, like riverside reeds that are full of playfulness.
with what do you wash your face, to make it smell so much of flowers?
you're worth millions more, you're worth millions more than the little scarlet carnations that overlook the balconies, than the little scarlet carnations that overlook the balconies,
if you ever go to cádiz pass by the neighborhood of santa maria, there you'll see the gypsies, how they dance out of joy.
how i love you, how i love you, with my heart and soul, more than i love the mother who bore me.
and stop playing with it, it's not the squirrel from the tower.
well, señor martin, how much of the money you collected is my concern?
even if they're eating, rice pudding and spiced pork, that i really like...
it's that she called me son, and kissed me, crying, and...!
if you squeal to the priest i'll sing "de profundis" to you!
don't worry, you and i will talk about singing in due time.
i know you don't believe what they say about me in the village.
i don't understand how people are so mean, and even my own father treats me this way!
we thought you weren't coming, señor, you've arrived at the end.
i had a meeting with his grace and left without even stopping for a bite to eat.
they say that you're not good, and they could compare you to the lily.
tell her to stop that gossiping, going around spreading whatever she wants.
because she's the brave skylark, that lifts it's head and begins to sing.
are you the one who told the boy to sing that?
i haven't done more than to bring a little joy to the faithful.
and promote folklore in the parish, bringing the atmosphere of partying and bars here.
oh, holy mother of god, what has the folklore brought us!
i assure you, dear uncle fernando, that there was no sinful intention in these indulgences of my subordinates.
i'll ask his grace to send you as chaplain to a convent.
you're unable to face facts and bring to heel candle wax stealers like this one.
devilish sacristans, altar boys in bolero jackets, women in the rectory...
if i didn't know you, i'd be led to a hasty judgment.
we'll stop by the church to ask god to enlighten us.
so you won't be moved by reason, petitions, doctrine of the holy fathers, nor the example of our lord himself, who forgave the sinful woman when others wanted to stone her.
either forgive, or stop making promises to god that you know you won't keep.
look, man, forgive your daughter... or don't say the lord's prayer any more.
oh, from that water so clear, that doesn't quench my thirst.
oh, the light emanating from your face, it was fire, and i burned!
it goes, bam-balabam, it goes, bam-balabam, the moon and the rose!
it goes, bam-balabam, the ringing, already veiled by the mountain and the sound of the stream.
gonzalo, time has passed and we shouldn't talk about that anymore, but i've never forgotten how badly i treated you.
and what shames me, is that you still look me in the face, and defend me from people like you did at the wedding.
"i spoke to gonzalo before i left, and i made him understand these sublime words of christ:"
"if you look at what you are inside, you won't care what other men say about you."
ha, as far as you want, i grew up, going up and down the stairs in the belfry!
hey, are you going to laugh at my towns bell tower now!
well, i'll tell you for your satisfaction, that some say that flamenco comes from the gregorian.
let's sing the ubi caritas so this new student can hear it.
glory be to the father, and to the son, and to the holy spirit:
as it was in the beginning, is now and ever shall be, forever and ever.
i don't ask that mine holds me like that, because i'm already almost a man, but this... not a single visit in three weeks...
i want to go and see her, but they won't let me.
i'd like to be a bell-ringer, to say with my bells:
now i have a mother's warmth, i no longer have to cry, because the echo of my sorrows cheers up with a song
like a love song crossing the skies, goes my song among the singing bells.
now i have a mother's warmth, i no longer have to cry, because the echo of my sorrows cheers up with a song
that's why you remind me, with the presence of your son.
yes, my son, that i've got back after so much suffering!
this story is but a handful of tales, in which the people have expressed gratefulness and justice, towards pancho villa.
i have chosen to tell these tales as if they where fact... and i will tell them my way.
since, i, the owner of my own head, never knew what was inside of it, it will be tough for others to find that out.
and since i have always put my best face forward.... well now... well then, i will tell you some tales as they came back to me, in no particular order.
and this is the fault of the sages, that by trying to figure my head out, they did it with such scientific candor, that the mixed up all my memories.
i will also change some of the names of people from back then, as to not offend anyone.
and you will see how one of these days, your enemies will kill you!
perhaps then, with my death, i shall have accomplished more, than i have accomplished in my life.
but it is you who has said we must remove the weeds!
yes, but remove it from the heads and hearts of the oppressors.
and its better to die,so the country may live, than to be alive, with a dead country.
and since death is ours, with death we will take that town!
i believe that the justice from above, shall be with us.
and if it is not with us, we shall make our own justice!
what is all this about last times, i am your woman!
the one that risked her life with you in the trenches!
now that i have kissed lupita, i know that it is she who i love the most.
oh what, does not one have a rigth to be wrong twice?
because each woman i have told i love, it was the truth, i do love her!
and that's the bad part, if i loved them so much, why should i have left them?
each one of them, has given me a bit of her life.
and now, i can't choose among them who will be my partner for life.
well, since i can't live without a woman by my side,
i will marry the one i said i was going to marry, with miss dora, who is far removed from the rest.
the flower in their place, and the women soldiers in theirs.
well done, i am on my way, wait for me here.
woman must no longer seek out man, it is he who must go looking for her.
and if he does not return, it is because he did not love her.
each one of us will return where his heart pulls him, or the blood calls him.
because a woman who has really enthralled a man, always lives in his mind.
but i believe that what you have done, is sowed a nation.
and now, you are in the fields of mexico, and the fields of the heart of francisco villa.
my parents promised you my hand in marriage, and i will not renege on that promise.
but it is also my right to tell you, that i do not want to marry you.
since they did not blow it up, it has to be around here, keep looking.
fierro, when triana is done, have him meet me up here, i am with the generals.
my last request, is that you indicate to colonel cabrera, who will be here tomorrow.
the place where we cached a great quantity of ammunition, property of the government
and from my lips, no one will know where that ammo is located.
damn, priest boy, and i did not trust you, but you are quite clever.
i officially accuse him of treason, and demand his immediate court martial!
hold your wagon, general, in villa's forces, only villa is in command!
above francisco villa and every one of us, is the revolutionary council!
three generals is enough to represent it, and in its name i demand a court martial!
how can you expect me to kill a man who is honest with himself, who is willing to die for his beliefs.
i have killed many, and will kill many more, but that, because i believed it had to be done.
but all you have to do, is hide for some time.
then you can go back to your church, there is no risk.
not that well, what i do understand is that you are very brave.
i know, don't tell us where the ammo is, just tell us if we are hot or cold.
you know how it is, general, this is my home town.
yes, but you have no relatives left, or friends, or anyone.
i came here to please all of them, not just one.
now, if there is one that is more of a stud than the rest, well then...
it seems you care more for some troublemaking broad, than the appreciation of your comrades!
this one would make you fight even me, and i think it's a fine idea!
general mendoza has the gold, but he is wounded in a cave.
they where going to tell me something about the federal forces, when they where ambushed.
a man has died in action, someone who was said to be a savage, and a murderer!
but we all know , that he was a brave man, and the most loyal of all my men!
because tears come from the eyes, but they are born much further down.
and, since they can't come from the legs of this case, from where?
- no but ah... we have so much to do here in istanbul.
it is a pleasure to have met the lady who keeps jim brennan... from making what i believe is called a "fast buck."
they want me to do a benefit in anchora this sunday.
and i thought if you happened to be flying that way, i could hitchhike.
a foolish bookkeeper of mine stole the diamonds and sold them to rachim aziz.
a few days later, aziz learned that my bookkeeper... met with a fatal accident.
but since it's not the case, the simplest way to prove it was not to meet you.
but you showed up at the place and time we agreed on.
then my mother ran off with someone who wasn't my father.
then my grandmother got scared i might do something of the sort.
at first grandma didn't like the idea of him lending me books, suspicious as she was of everyone and everything.
she made me read them to her, one by one, out loud.
i'm in some serious trouble that i can't tell you about.
i've been forced to agree to go away for a year.
i didn't think there were girls like you left in the world.
you might as well have told me you believe in fairy tales.
i, on the other hand, am very glad i ran into you.
all day i've been afraid of meeting you, of you coming to the house.
if you only knew all the things i did today to pass the time.
i washed the windows of every room in the house -
when we are, there won't be anyone here to disturb our peace.
all right, i'll speak no more of it until you want to.
what i'm trying to say is with you at my side, i will improve.
i wish i could make you fall asleep... like the character in the fairy tale,
one day you'll wake up and find that it's a lovely day.
the sun will be shining, and everything will be fresh and clean.
for days and days, i read her stories about stranglers, policemen and international spies...
grandma got very caught up in those stories that i could hardly understand, lost, as i was, in my own thoughts.
it's just that this story is so alien to me, to my way of thinking.
by this, i don't mean that if i could help you...
i didn't think girls like you existed in this world any more.
you see, for me, it's like asking me to believe in fairy tales.
you should fix a formal appointment saying you only want to...
i mean, you should take the first step and see if he...
i told you not to believe in fairy tales, then i myself began to believe in mine.
i felt like you did when you went to him with your little suitcase.
okay, i won't mention it again until you feel like it.
but i do feel duty-bound to tell you at least this:
of course, i could always get a better one, but i mean with you by my side, i'm bound to do well.
i'd like to send you to sleep but like characters in fairy tales,
god bless you for the little bit of happiness you gave me.
it was not a mere detail in the course of my lifetime.
and i thought, excuse me for saying this, i thought... very well, i'll come clean.
i approached youthen because... well, i would have liked... but then i realized you weren't... it's all clear.
- we'll have plenty of time for this why don't we decide, first, where we'll go?
it's too late for the movies now and anyhow, you can't talk there.
it was so damp, it really seemed it was about to rain but it didn't.
careful... your grandmother doesn't seem so strict, if she lets you stay out overnight on your own.
it seems almost impossible that today, a girl... but don't you ever go anywhere?
to the movies, for a walk... shall we go out together, some times?
she wanted me to read them out to her, one by one.
for days and days, i read her stories about stranglers, policemen and international spies... grandma got very caught up in those stories that i could hardly understand, lost, as i was, in my own thoughts.
if they touch me where i am weak, i'll turn into a viper!
and a hundred traps before giving in, i shall set, i shall set.
by this, i don't mean that if i could help you... i didn't think girls like you existed in this world any more.
you see, for me, it's like asking me to believe in fairytales.
you're looking at me like a man in love you can't!
after everything i've told you about myself you can't fall in love with me.
people... when i leave the office, i no longer come to places like this.
i like wandering around on my own, thinking, daydreaming... so, you're a dreamer too?
i told you not to believe in fairytales, then i myself began to believe in mine.
i felt like you did when you went to him with your little suitcase.
okay, i won't mention it again until you feel like it.
but i do feel duty-bound to tell you at least this:
of course, i could always get a better one, but i mean with you by my side, i'm bound to do well.
i'd like to send you to sleep but like characters in fairytales, who sleep, only to wake up on the day they'll be happy.
god bless you for the little bit of happiness you gave me.
it was not a mere detail in the course of my lifetime.
is it you who doesn't want to or is it your grandmother who won't give you her permission?
if that were the case, it would be easy: don't ask permission and we'll go slip out unseen.
she wanted me to read them out to her, one by one.
for days and days, i read her stories about stranglers, policemen and international spies...
he hardly ever left the house then, but i rarely saw him.
i heard him pacing back and forth in his room, until one day...
it's just that this story is so alien to me, to my way of thinking.
by this, i don't mean that if i could help you...
i didn't think girls like you existed in this world any more.
you see, for me, it's like asking me to believe in fairy tales.
you should fix a formal appointment saying you only want to...
i mean, you should take the first step and see if he...
i told you not to believe in fairy tales, then i myself began to believe in mine.
i felt like you did when you went to him with your little suitcase.
okay, i won't mention it again until you feel like it.
but i do feel duty-bound to tell you at least this:
of course, i could always get a better one, but i mean with you by my side, i'm bound to do well.
i'd like to send you to sleep but like characters in fairy tales, who sleep, only to wake up on the day they'll be happy.
god bless you for the little bit of happiness you gave me.
it was not a mere detail in the course of my lifetime.
for days and days, i read her stories about stranglers, policemen and international spies...
grandma got very caught up in those stories that i could hardly understand, lost, as i was, in my own thoughts.
the main thing is to clear the matter up instead of crying and waiting.
you should fix a formal appointment saying you only want to...
none of what i said counts because i was onlythinking of myself.
i told you not to believe in fairytales, then i myself began to believe in mine.
i felt like you did when you went to him with your little suitcase.
i loved him for a whole year... and was never unfaithfulto him,
god bless you for the little bit of happiness you gave me.
it was not a mere detail in the course of my lifetime.
she wanted me to read them out to her, one by one.
for days and days, i read her stories about stranglers, policemen and international spies...
he hardly ever left the house then, but i rarely saw him.
i heard him pacing back and forth in his room, until one day...
by this, i don't mean that if i could help you...
i didn't think girls like you existed in this world any more.
the main thing is to clear the matter up instead of crying and waiting.
you should fix a formal appointment saying you only want to...
if i told you everything i did today to kill time...!
i washed all the windows of the house and when grandma...
you meet up, you break up and then you start over.
i used to think it was a life of riley, but i don't enjoy it any more, maybe because i'm getting old.
none of what i said counts because i was only thinking of myself.
i told you not to believe in fairy tales, then i myself began to believe in mine.
i felt like you did when you went to him with your little suitcase.
i loved him for a whole year... and was never unfaithful to him,
but when we are, no one else will be around, and no one will disturb us.
okay, i won't mention it again until you feel like it.
god bless you for the little bit of happiness you gave me.
it was not a mere detail in the course of my lifetime.
she wanted me to read them out to her, one by one.
for days and days, i read her stories about stranglers, policemen and international spies...
he hardly ever left the house then, but i rarely saw him.
i heard him pacing back and forth in his room, until one day...
by this, i don't mean that if i could help you...
i didn't think girls like you existed in this world any more.
the main thing is to clear the matter up instead of crying and waiting.
you should fix a formal appointment saying you only want to...
if i told you everything i did today to kill time...!
i washed all the windows of the house and when grandma...
you meet up, you break up and then you start over.
i used to think it was a life of riley, but i don't enjoy it any more, maybe because i'm getting old.
none of what i said counts because i was only thinking of myself.
i told you not to believe in fairy tales, then i myself began to believe in mine.
i felt like you did when you went to him with your little suitcase.
i loved him for a whole year... and was never unfaithful to him,
but when we are, no one else will be around, and no one will disturb us.
okay, i won't mention it again until you feel like it.
i'd like to send you to sleep but like characters in fairy tales,
who sleep, only to wake up on the day they'll be happy.
i don't know how you can stay indoors all day long.
you're a good girl. lt's a pity to see you wasted like this.
for days and days, i read her stories about stranglers, policemen and international spies...
grandma got very caught up in those stories that i could hardly understand, lost, as i was, in my own thoughts.
it's just that this story is so alien to me, to my way of thinking.
by this, i don't mean that if i could help you...
i didn't think girls like you existed in this world any more.
you see, for me, it's like asking me to believe in fairytales.
you should fix a formal appointment saying you only want to...
i mean, you should take the first step and see if he...
i told you not to believe in fairytales, then i myself began to believe in mine.
i felt like you did when you went to him with your little suitcase.
but when we are, no one else will be around, and no one will disturb us.
okay, i won't mention it again until you feel like it.
[man narrating] war began between germany and france on august 3, 1914.
five weeks later, the german army had smashed its way... to within 18 miles of paris.
there, the battered french miraculously rallied their forces at the marne river...
- and in a series of unexpected counterattacks — - [officer] detail, halt!
the front was stabilized... then shortly afterwards developed into a continuous line... of heavily fortified trenches... zigzagging their way 500 miles... from the english channel to the swiss frontier.
by 1916, after two grisly years of trench warfare... the battle lines had changed very little.
they've held on to it for a year now... and it looks as though they'll hold on to it for another year if they want to.
paul, i have formal orders to take the anthill no later than the 10th.
i don't imagine i'd be here if i really thought that.
[chuckles] paul, if there's one man in this army who can do this for me, it's you.
the 12th corps needs a fighting general, and you're overdue on that star.
now, we both know that your record is good enough... for you to refuse this assignment on the grounds you've stated.
nothing is beyond those men, once their fighting spirit is aroused.
paul, i don't want to push you into it if you think it's ill-advised.
you know, general, i'm convinced that these tours of yours... have an incalculable effect upon the morale of these men.
in fact, i think the fighting spirit of the 701st derives from it.
seriously though, if a man's a ninny... let him put on a dress and hide under the bed.
but if he wants to be a soldier, then, by heavens, he's got to be one.
i think i have to agree with you, presenting your case so convincingly, sir.
[major] and you've never failed to live up to it, sir.
ten percent more in getting through no-man's-land... and 20 % more getting through the wire.
that leaves 65 % with the worst part of the job over.
general, you're saying that more than half of my men will be killed.
yes, it's a terrible price to pay, colonel... but we will have the anthill.
if a commanding officer lacks confidence, what can we expect of his men?
naturally, i don't want to relieve you, but i must have your enthusiastic support.
if any soldiers in the world can take it... we'll take the anthill.
and when you do, your men will be relieved and get a long rest.
this is a reconnaissance patrol — german wire, machine gun posts... identification of bodies.
there will only be the three of us, and we're to avoid a fight if we can.
wanton murder of one of your own men... and cowardice in the face of the enemy.
philippe, have you ever tried to bring charges against an officer?
sir, is 15 minutes of artillery preparation all that we can expect?
the feeling is that any more than that will give them too much time to get organized.
[officer] if, uh — perhaps i should say when we take the anthill... how long do we have to hold it before we can expect any support?
well, general mireau, who, by the way, will be personally observing the attack... has promised us support from the 72nd by sundown tomorrow... which means, of course, that we'll have to hold all day.
because i know a wound to the head will hurt much more than one in the tail.
the tail is just meat, but the head — ah, the head is all bone.
if you're really afraid of dying, you'd be living in a funk all the rest of your life... because you know you've got to go someday, any day.
and besides, if it's death that you're really afraid of... why should you care about what it is that kills you?
the fact remains that a good part of your men never left their own trenches.
colonel dax, i'm going to have 10 men from each company in your regiment... tried under penalty of death for cowardice.
- i'm not gonna mince words and stand on protocol —
colonel dax, if you continue in this manner, i shall have to place you under arrest.
i believe the colonel has a point, even though he makes it rather bluntly.
this is not a trial, but it does bear certain aspects of one.
and colonel dax, technically, is cast in the role of the defense.
in view of the gravity of the charges... a court of law would grant him all possible latitude in presenting his case.
let's get it settled once and for all so that we can all live with it.
well, perhaps i was a bit too anxious to see proper justice meted out.
colonel dax, when this mess is cleaned up, i'll break you.
i'll find an excuse and i'll break you to the ranks.
general mireau feels that the attack on the anthill yesterday morning failed... because of an inadequate effort on the part of the first battalion.
each of you is to select one man from your company... place him under arrest and have him ready to appear before a general court-martial... no later than 1500 hours this afternoon.
besides, such charges against an officer would only antagonize the court.
when we get clear of this, i'm going into the story of that patrol again.
the indictment is lengthy, and there's no point in reading it.
the defense has a right to know the exact accusations —
i guess the rest of them had been killed or wounded.
and you found yourself in the middle of no-man's-land alone with private meyer.
it's accepted practice in the french army to pick examples by lot.
and since this entire company advanced only a few meters... picking by lot was eminently fair in this case.
i'll read citations for bravery that he's already earned on two occasions.
first, citations in the orders in the army for bravery —
major vignon was shot, and he fell back on top of me, sir, and knocked me cold.
and were you lying unconscious in the trenches during the entire attack?
and i submit that that attack... was a stain on the flag of france... a blot on the honor... of every man, woman and child in the french nation.
it is to us that the sad, distressing... repellant duty falls, gentlemen.
and lastly, i protest against the fact... that no stenographic records of this trial have been kept.
the attack yesterday morning was no stain on the honor of france... and certainly no disgrace to the fighting men of this nation.
but this court-martial is such a stain and such a disgrace.
the case made against these men is a mockery of all human justice.
gentlemen of the court... to find these men guilty... would be a crime to haunt each of you... till the day you die.
i can't believe that the noblest impulse of man — his compassion for another — can be completely dead here.
and if the trouble doesn't subside at once, the prisoner will be shot on the spot.
everything must go off without a hitch with the least possible delay... but it shouldn't be hurried.
but you can take it from me that i shall pass on any blame — and with interest — to any one of you who fails in his duties.
execution will take place at 7:00 according to the verdict of the court-martial.
maybe nothing for you, but i'm gonna get out of this somehow... and i don't wanna be drugged.
[arnaud] how are you gonna get out — chew your way through that stone wall?
now, you — you take your position with the firing squad... you raise your sword — "ready, aim, fire."
then you draw your revolver out, you walk forward... and put a bullet through each man's head.
i must apologize for not inviting you to join the party downstairs tonight... but i'm afraid that it's, uh, a dress affair.
well, thank you, sir, but i must confess that, uh, this is not entirely a social visit.
oh, come, dax, let's not go over all that ground again.
though, uh, i must admit that, judging from the casualties... the efforts of your regiment must have been considerable.
these executions will be a perfect tonic for the entire division.
there are few things more fundamentally encouraging and stimulating... than seeing someone else die.
and one way to maintain discipline is to shoot a man now and then.
may i ask... do you sincerely believe all the things you've just said?
well, of course the captain refused without a written order... but general mireau demanded that he commence firing on our own trenches.
again rousseau refused without an order in writing... but again he was ordered, and again he refused — all in front of witnesses.
battery commander rousseau, captain nichols, the artillery spotter... the telephone clerk and, uh, my own deposition.
what has all this got to do with the charge against the condemned prisoners?
a general in a tantrum over the failure of an impossible attack... orders his artillery to fire on his own men.
now, this same officer on the same day... orders a court-martial in which three of his men are sentenced to be shot.
general mireau's assault on the anthill failed... and his order to fire on this own troops was refused.
but his attempt to murder three innocent men... to protect his own reputation will be prevented by the general staff.
"having been found guilty of cowardice in the face of the enemy...
"are to be executed by rifle fire immediately... in accordance with the judgment of the military court-martial."
but this one had a kind of splendor to it, don't you think?
i have never seen an affair of this sort handled any better.
- colonel dax came to me last night with the story.
colonel dax, i've always known that you were a disloyal officer... but i never dreamed that you would stoop to anything so low as this.
you really did want to save those men... and you were not angling for mireau's command.
you're an idealist, and i pity you as i would the village idiot.
the front was stabilized... then shortly afterwards developed into a continuous line... of heavily fortified trenches... zigzagging their way 500 miles... from the english channel to the swiss frontier.
by 1916, after two grisly years of trench warfare... the battle lines had changed very little.
- it's the key to the whole german position in this sector.
they've held on to it for a year now... and it looks as though they'll hold on to it for another year if they want to.
- that comes pretty close to being ridiculous, don't you think?
i don't imagine i'd be here if i really thought that.
well, paul, there was something else i wanted to tell you.
however, i'm sure that you'll misunderstand my motives in mentioning it.
the life of one of those soldiers means more to me... than all the stars and decorations and honors in france.
so... you think this attack is absolutely beyond the ability of your men at this time?
but if he wants to be a soldier, then, by heavens, he's got to be one.
he's got to fight, and he can't do that unless he's where the fighting is.
ten percent more in getting through no-man's-land... and 20% more getting through the wire.
that leaves 65% with the worst part of the job over.
general, you're saying that more than half of my men will be killed.
yes, it's a terrible price to pay, colonel... but we will have the anthill.
if a commanding officer lacks confidence, what can we expect of his men?
naturally, i don't want to relieve you, but i must have your enthusiastic support.
if any soldiers in the world can take it... we'll take the anthill.
and when you do, your men will be relieved and get a long rest.
this is a reconnaissance patrol - german wire, machine gun posts... identification of bodies.
there will only be the three of us, and we're to avoid a fight if we can.
third, refusing to obey an order and inciting others to do the same.
now, how do you think those charges are gonna look on paper?
so far, all i have written in this report... is that you and lejeune were killed while out on patrol.
i'll fix this to read that you made your way back... after becoming separated during the skirmish.
i'd give anything in the world if it hadn't have happened, and that's the truth.
honestly, i know you don't like me, but what kind of a man do you think i am?
sir, is 15 minutes of artillery preparation all that we can expect?
the feeling is that any more than that will give them too much time to get organized.
because i know a wound to the head will hurt much more than one in the tail.
the tail is just meat, but the head - ah, the head is all bone.
the fact remains that a good part of your men never left their own trenches.
colonel dax, i'm going to have 10 men from each company in your regiment... tried under penalty of death for cowardice.
- i'm not gonna mince words and stand on protocol -
colonel dax, if you continue in this manner, i shall have to place you under arrest.
i believe the colonel has a point, even though he makes it rather bluntly.
this is not a trial, but it does bear certain aspects of one.
and colonel dax, technically, is cast in the role of the defense.
in view of the gravity of the charges... a court of law would grant him all possible latitude in presenting his case.
- yes, sir, if it's an example you want... one man will do as well as a hundred.
the logical choice is the officer most responsible for the attack.
and the best solution is to shelve him to another outfit.
a court of inquiry ought to roast him a bit first.
colonel dax, when this mess is cleaned up, i'll break you.
i'll find an excuse and i'll break you to the ranks.
general mireau feels that the attack on the anthill yesterday morning failed... because of an inadequate effort on the part of the first battalion.
each of you is to select one man from your company... place him under arrest and have him ready to appear before a general court-martial... no later than 1500 hours this afternoon.
besides, such charges against an officer would only antagonize the court.
when we get clear of this, i'm going into the story of that patrol again.
the defense has a right to know the exact accusations -
the indictment is that the accused showed cowardice in the face of the enemy... during the attack on the anthill.
i guess the rest of them had been killed or wounded.
and you found yourself in the middle of no-man's-land alone with private meyer.
now, private arnaud, before you were ordered back... did you urge your fellow soldiers forward?
most of them were dead or wounded before they got three steps beyond the trenches.
and since this entire company advanced only a few meters... picking by lot was eminently fair in this case.
well, i'd like to point out that this soldier has distinguished himself... in some of the bloodiest battles of the war.
but you may call witnesses to the effect that he reached the german wire.
mr. president, no one in the entire regiment... got anywhere near the german wire, including myself.
it is to us that the sad, distressing... repellant duty falls, gentlemen.
i ask this court to find the accused guilty... and impose the penalties prescribed by the code of military justice.
gentlemen of the court, there are times when i'm ashamed... to be a member of the human race... and this is one such occasion.
it's impossible for me to summarize the case for the defense... since the court never allowed me a reasonable opportunity to present my case.
there has never been a written indictment of charges made against the defendants.
and lastly, i protest against the fact... that no stenographic records of this trial have been kept.
the attack yesterday morning was no stain on the honor of france... and certainly no disgrace to the fighting men of this nation.
but this court-martial is such a stain and such a disgrace.
the case made against these men is a mockery of all human justice.
gentlemen of the court... to find these men guilty... would be a crime to haunt each of you... till the day you die.
i've been put in charge and made personally responsible... for any lack of order or for any mistakes.
but you can take it from me that i shall pass on any blame - and with interest - to any one of you who fails in his duties.
maybe nothing for you, but i'm gonna get out of this somehow... and i don't wanna be drugged.
how are you gonna get out - chew your way through that stone wall?
back in my hometown, there was a certain little café... with an amusing sign over the bar.
it read, "do not be afraid to ask for credit... for our way of refusing is very polite."
now, you -you take your position with the firing squad... you raise your sword - "ready, aim, fire."
then you draw your revolver out, you walk forward... and put a bullet through each man's head.
well, thank you, sir, but i must confess that, uh, this is not entirely a social visit.
oh, come, dax, let's not go over all that ground again.
though, uh, i must admit that, judging from the casualties... the efforts of your regiment must have been considerable.
now, how can you understand that and allow these men to be shot tomorrow?
colonel dax, we think we're doing a good job running the war.
you must be aware of the fact that the general staff... is subject to all kinds of unfair pressures from newspapers and politicians.
in any case... why should we have to bear any more criticism for failure than we have to.
aside from the inescapable fact that a good many of your men never left the trenches... there's the question of the troops' morale.
may i ask... do you sincerely believe all the things you've just said?
it's been a pleasure discussing this with you, colonel... but i'm afraid that i'd better be getting back to my guests.
well, of course the captain refused without a written order... but general mireau demanded that he commence firing on our own trenches.
again rousseau refused without an order in writing... but again he was ordered, and again he refused - all in front of witnesses.
battery commander rousseau, captain nichols, the artillery spotter... the telephone clerk and, uh, my own deposition.
what has all this got to do with the charge against the condemned prisoners?
a general in a tantrum over the failure of an impossible attack... orders his artillery to fire on his own men.
now, this same officer on the same day... orders a court-martial in which three of his men are sentenced to be shot.
general mireau's assault on the anthill failed... and his order to fire on this own troops was refused.
but his attempt to murder three innocent men... to protect his own reputation will be prevented by the general staff.
this is the last decision you'll have a chance to make on earth.
you can pull yourself together, act like a man, or we'll have to drag you out of here.
"having been found guilty of cowardice in the face of the enemy...
"are to be executed by rifle fire immediately... in accordance with the judgment of the military court-martial."
but this one had a kind of splendor to it, don't you think?
i have never seen an affair of this sort handled any better.
colonel dax, i've always known that you were a disloyal officer... but i never dreamed that you would stoop to anything so low as this.
general, i have sworn statements from captain nichols, your artillery spotter...
you're making me the goat - the only completely innocent man in this whole affair.
i have only one last thing to say to you, george.
you really did want to save those men... and you were not angling for mireau's command.
you're an idealist, and i pity you as i would the village idiot.
and as my wife always says, "what is life without a little diversion?"
now, gentlemen, i give you our latest acquisition from the enemy.
as a matter of fact, she has absolutely no talent at all - except, that is, well, maybe a little natural talent?
the little lady can't dance, she can't tell any jokes... and she can't balance rubber balls on her little nose.
five weeks later, the german army had smashed its way... to within 18 miles of paris.
there the battered french miraculously rallied at the marne river... and in a series of unexpected counterattacks, drove the germans back.
the front was stabilized and shortly afterwards... developed into a continuous line of heavily fortified trenches... zigzagging their way 500 miles... from the english channel to the swiss frontier.
by 1916, after two grisly years of trench warfare... the battle lines had changed very little.
they've held it for a year now... and it looks as though they'll hold it for another year if they want to.
i have formal orders to take the ant hill no later than the tenth.
i don't imagine i'd be here if i really thought that.
paul, if there's one man in this army who can do this for me, it's you.
the 12th corps needs a fighting general, and your star is overdue.
we both know that your record is good enough... for you to refuse this assignment on the grounds you've stated.
nothing is beyond those men once their fighting spirit is aroused.
i don't want to push you if you think it's ill-advised.
general, i'm convinced that these tours of yours... have an incalculable effect upon the morale of these men.
i think the fighting spirit of the 701st derives from it.
seriously, though, if a man's a ninny... let him put on a dress and hide under the bed.
but if he wants to be a soldier, then by heavens, he's got to be one.
that leaves 65 percent with the worst part of the job over.
let's say another 25 percent in actually taking the ant hill.
we're still left with a force more than adequate to hold it.
general, you're saying that more than half my men will be killed.
if an officer lacks confidence, what can we expect of his men?
naturally, i don't want to relieve you, but i must have enthusiastic support.
if any soldiers in the world can take it... we'll take the ant hill.
and when you do, your men will be relieved and get a long rest.
there'll only be the three of us, and we're to avoid a fight if we can.
we go out to the left, and we come back through post six on the right.
endangering the lives of your men through recklessness... drunk on duty, wanton murder of one of your own men... and cowardice in the face of the enemy.
phillip, have you ever tried to bring charges against an officer?
battery commander respectfully reports he cannot execute such an order... unless it is in writing and signed by the general, over.
general, battery commander reports he cannot execute such an order... unless it is in writing and signed by the general.
the fact remains... a good part of your men never left their own trenches.
colonel dax, i'm going to have ten men from each company in your regiment... tried under penalty of death for cowardice.
i believe the colonel has a point, even though he makes it rather bluntly.
this is not a trial, but it does bear certain aspects of one... and colonel dax technically is cast in the role of the defense.
well, in cases like shells falling short, i always try to avoid an inquiry.
it gets around among the men and makes a bad impression.
colonel dax, when this mess is cleaned up, i'll break you!
i'll find an excuse, and i'll break you to the ranks.
besides, such charges against an officer would only antagonize the court.
when we get clear of this, i'm going into the story of that patrol again.
stick to your stories, and don't let the prosecutor shake you out of them.
now remember, you'll be soldiers in the presence of superior officers... so act like what you are.
now, private arnaud... before you were ordered back... did you urge your fellow soldiers forward?
most were dead or wounded before they got three steps beyond the trenches.
it's accepted practice in the french army to pick examples by lot.
since this entire company advanced only a few meters... picking by lot was eminently fair in this case.
well, i'd like to point out that this soldier has distinguished himself... in some of the bloodiest battles of the war.
with the court's permission, i'll read citations for bravery... that he's already earned on two occasions.
but you may call witnesses to the effect that he reached the german wire.
mr. president, no one in the entire regiment... got anywhere near the german wire, including myself.
major vignon was shot, and he fell back on top of me, sir, and knocked me cold.
and were you lying unconscious in the trenches during the entire attack?
and i submit that that attack... was a stain on the flag of france... a blot on the honor... of every man, woman and child in the french nation.
it is to us that the sad... distressing, repellent duty falls, gentlemen.
and lastly i protest against the fact that... no stenographic records of this trial have been kept.
the attack yesterday morning was no stain on the honor of france... and certainly no disgrace to the fighting men of this nation.
but this court martial is such a stain... and such a disgrace.
the case made against these men is a mockery of all human justice.
gentlemen of the court... to find these men guilty would be a crime... to haunt each of you till the day you die.
i can't believe that the noblest impulse of man-- his compassion for another-- can be completely dead here.
any sign of trouble, the prisoners will be instantly covered... and if the trouble doesn't subside at once, the prisoner will be shot.
everything must go off without a hitch with the least possible delay.
i've been put in charge and made personally responsible... for any lack of order or any mistakes.
but you can take it from me that i shall pass on any blame and with interest... to any one of you who fails in his duties.
well, father, to tell you the truth, i'm not very religious.
i know you're trying to help, and i appreciate it... but if i started praying now i'd feel like a hypocrite.
how can you understand that and allow these men to be shot tomorrow?
come, colonel, you're choosing to take a rather simple view of this.
colonel dax, we think we're doing a good job running the war.
you must be aware the general staff is subject to unfair pressures... from newspapers and politicians.
in any case... why should we have to bear any more criticism than we have to?
aside from the fact that many of your men never left the trenches... there's the troops' morale, don't forget.
these executions will be a perfect tonic for the entire division.
there are few things more fundamentally encouraging and stimulating... than seeing someone else die.
just as a child wants his father to be firm, troops crave discipline.
one way to maintain discipline is to shoot a man now and then.
may i ask... do you sincerely believe the things you've said?
it's been a pleasure discussing this with you, colonel... but i'm afraid that i'd better be getting back to my guests.
here are copies of the sworn statements from all the principals involved.
battery commander rousseau, captain nichols, the artillery spotter... the telephone clerk and my own deposition.
what has this got to do with the charge against the condemned prisoners?
a general in a tantrum over the failure of an impossible attack... orders his artillery to fire on his own men.
the same officer on the same day orders a court martial... in which three of his men are sentenced to be shot.
general, what would your newspapers and your politicians do with that?
this is the last decision you'll have a chance to make on earth.
you can act like a man, or we'll have to drag you out of here.
you've spoiled the keenness of your mind by wallowing in sentimentality.
you really did want to save those men... and you were not angling for mireau's command.
you're an idealist, and i pity you as i would the village idiot.
we're fighting a war, a war that we've got to win.
and my wife always says, "what is life without a little diversion?"
now, gentlemen, i give you our latest acquisition from the enemy.
as a matter of fact, she has absolutely no talent at all... except, that is, maybe a little natural talent.
the little lady can't dance, she can't tell any jokes... and she can't balance rubber balls on her little nose.
there the battered french miraculously rallied at the marne river... and in a series of unexpected counterattacks, drove the germans back.
the front was stabilized and shortly afterwards... developed into a continuous line of heavily fortified trenches... zigzagging their way 500 miles... from the english channel to the swiss frontier.
by 1916, after two grisly years of trench warfare... the battle lines had changed very little.
successful attacks were measured in hundreds of yards... and paid for in lives by hundreds of thousands.
it's the key to the whole german position in this sector.
they've held it for a year now... and it looks as though they'll hold it for another year if they want to.
one soldier's life means more to me than all the decorations in france.
so, you think... this attack is absolutely beyond the ability of your men at this time?
i can't understand these armchair officers-- fellows trying to fight from behind a desk, waving papers at the enemy.
worrying about whether a mouse is going to run up their pants leg.
ten percent more in getting through no-man's-land... and 20 percent more getting through the wire.
that leaves 65 percent with the worst part of the job over.
let's say another 25 percent in actually taking the ant hill.
we're still left with a force more than adequate to hold it.
i don't need a flag waved to get me to charge.
i don't like your comparison of the flag of france to a bullfighter's cape.
naturally, i don't want to relieve you, but i must have enthusiastic support.
not once have you said that your men can take the ant hill.
third, refusing to obey an order and inciting others to do the same.
how do you think those charges are going to look on paper?
so far, all i have written in this report... is that you and lejeune were killed while out on patrol.
i'll fix this to read that you made your way back... after becoming separated during the skirmish.
sir, is 15 minutes of artillery preparation all that we can expect?
the feeling is that any more will give them too much time to get organized.
if, or perhaps i should say when, we take the ant hill... how long do we have to hold it before we can expect any support?
general mireau, who, by the way, will be personally observing the attack... has promised support from the 72nd by sundown tomorrow... which means, of course, that we'll have to hold all day.
i'd hate like the devil to be without my tin hat.
but i don't mind not having a tin hat for my tail.
because i know a wound to the head will hurt more than one in the tail.
the tail is just meat, but the head-- the head is all bone.
if you're really afraid of dying... you'd be living in a funk all the rest of your life... because you know you've got to go someday, any day.
if death is what you really fear, why should you care about what kills you?
if you continue in this manner, i shall be forced to place you under arrest.
i believe the colonel has a point, even though he makes it rather bluntly.
this is not a trial, but it does bear certain aspects of one... and colonel dax technically is cast in the role of the defense.
in view of the charges, a court would grant latitude in presenting his case.
we can't leave it up to the men to decide whether an order is possible.
if it was impossible, the only proof of that would be their dead bodies... lying in the trenches.
if you want an example... one man will do as well as a hundred.
the logical choice is the officer most responsible for the attack.
let's get it settled once and for all, so we can all live with it.
well, perhaps i was a bit too anxious to see proper justice meted out.
a court of inquiry ought to roast him a bit first.
well, in cases like shells falling short, i always try to avoid an inquiry.
it gets around among the men and makes a bad impression.
shelving will be the best discipline for him in my opinion.
general mireau feels that the attack on the ant hill yesterday morning... failed because of an inadequate effort on the part of the first battalion.
each of you is to select one man from your company... place him under arrest and have him appear before a general court martial... no later than 1500 hours this afternoon.
when we get clear of this, i'm going into the story of that patrol again.
sir, in my case, captain renouart had the sergeant draw lots.
i guess the rest of them had been killed or wounded.
you found yourself in the middle of no-man's-land alone with private meyer?
since this entire company advanced only a few meters... picking by lot was eminently fair in this case.
well, i'd like to point out that this soldier has distinguished himself... in some of the bloodiest battles of the war.
it is to us that the sad... distressing, repellent duty falls, gentlemen.
i ask this court... to find the accused guilty... and impose the penalties prescribed by the code of military justice.
gentlemen of the court, there are times when i'm ashamed... to be a member of the human race, and this is one such occasion.
it's impossible for me to summarize the case for the defense since... the court never allowed me a reasonable opportunity to present my case.
there has never been a written indictment of charges... made against the defendants.
and lastly i protest against the fact that... no stenographic records of this trial have been kept.
the attack yesterday morning was no stain on the honor of france... and certainly no disgrace to the fighting men of this nation.
but this court martial is such a stain... and such a disgrace.
the case made against these men is a mockery of all human justice.
gentlemen of the court... to find these men guilty would be a crime... to haunt each of you till the day you die.
but you can take it from me that i shall pass on any blame and with interest... to any one of you who fails in his duties.
the execution will take place at 7:00... according to the verdict of the court martial.
first you help the sergeant tie the men to the post... and offer the men blindfolds-- if they want them, you tie them on.
now, you take your position with the firing squad, you raise your sword:
i must apologize for not inviting you to the party tonight... but i'm afraid that it's a dress affair.
thank you, sir, but i must confess... that this is not entirely a social visit.
though, i must admit that judging.... from the casualties, the efforts of your regiment must have been considerable.
how can you understand that and allow these men to be shot tomorrow?
one way to maintain discipline is to shoot a man now and then.
may i ask... do you sincerely believe the things you've said?
but general mireau demanded that he commence firing on our own trenches.
well, again, rousseau refused without an order in writing... but again he was ordered and again he refused... all in front of witnesses.
battery commander rousseau, captain nichols, the artillery spotter... the telephone clerk and my own deposition.
what has this got to do with the charge against the condemned prisoners?
a general in a tantrum over the failure of an impossible attack... orders his artillery to fire on his own men.
the same officer on the same day orders a court martial... in which three of his men are sentenced to be shot.
sir, would you like me to suggest what you can do with that promotion?
colonel, you will apologize at once or shall be placed under arrest!
i apologize for not telling you sooner... that you're a degenerate, sadistic old man.
and you can go to hell before i apologize to you now or ever again!
you really did want to save those men... and you were not angling for mireau's command.
you're an idealist, and i pity you as i would the village idiot.
sort of a-- sort of a little diversion, as it were.
and my wife always says, "what is life without a little diversion?"
five weeks later, the german army had smashed its way... to within 18 miles of paris.
there, the battered french miraculously rallied their forces at the marne river... and in a series of unexpected counterattacks...
by 1916, after two grisly years of trench warfare... the battle lines had changed very little.
successful attacks were measured in hundreds of yards... and paid for in lives by hundreds of thousands.
it's the key to the whole german position in this sector.
they've held on to it for a year now... and it looks as though they'll hold on to it for another year if they want to.
well, paul, there was something else i wanted to tell you.
however, i'm sure that you'll misunderstand my motives in mentioning it.
the life of one of those soldiers means more to me... than all the stars and decorations and honors in france.
so... you think this attack is absolutely beyond the ability of your men at this time?
you know, general, i'm convinced that these tours of yours... have an incalculable effect upon the morale of these men.
in fact, i think the fighting spirit of the 701st derives from it.
seriously though, if a man's a ninny... let him put on a dress and hide under the bed.
but if he wants to be a soldier, then, by heavens, he's got to be one.
i think i have to agree with you, presenting your case so convincingly, sir.
[major] and you've never failed to live up to it, sir.
ten percent more in getting through no-man's-land... and 20% more getting through the wire.
that leaves 65% with the worst part of the job over.
general, you're saying that more than half of my men will be killed.
yes, it's a terrible price to pay, colonel... but we will have the anthill.
if a commanding officer lacks confidence, what can we expect of his men?
naturally, i don't want to relieve you, but i must have your enthusiastic support.
if any soldiers in the world can take it... we'll take the anthill.
and when you do, your men will be relieved and get a long rest.
third, refusing to obey an order and inciting others to do the same.
now, how do you think those charges are gonna look on paper?
so far, all i have written in this report... is that you and lejeune were killed while out on patrol.
i'll fix this to read that you made your way back... after becoming separated during the skirmish.
i'd give anything in the world if it hadn't have happened, and that's the truth.
honestly, i know you don't like me, but what kind of a man do you think i am?
sir, is 15 minutes of artillery preparation all that we can expect?
the feeling is that any more than that will give them too much time to get organized.
because i know a wound to the head will hurt much more than one in the tail.
the tail is just meat, but the head... ah, the head is all bone.
i believe the colonel has a point, even though he makes it rather bluntly.
this is not a trial, but it does bear certain aspects of one.
and colonel dax, technically, is cast in the role of the defense.
in view of the gravity of the charges... a court of law would grant him all possible latitude in presenting his case.
let's get it settled once and for all so that we can all live with it.
well, perhaps i was a bit too anxious to see proper justice meted out.
colonel dax, when this mess is cleaned up, i'll break you.
i'll find an excuse and i'll break you to the ranks.
general mireau feels that the attack on the anthill yesterday morning failed... because of an inadequate effort on the part of the first battalion.
each of you is to select one man from your company... place him under arrest and have him ready to appear before a general court-martial... no later than 1500 hours this afternoon.
besides, such charges against an officer would only antagonize the court.
when we get clear of this, i'm going into the story of that patrol again.
i guess the rest of them had been killed or wounded.
and you found yourself in the middle of no-man's-land alone with private meyer.
it's accepted practice in the french army to pick examples by lot.
and since this entire company advanced only a few meters... picking by lot was eminently fair in this case.
major vignon was shot, and he fell back on top of me, sir, and knocked me cold.
and were you lying unconscious in the trenches during the entire attack?
and i submit that that attack... was a stain on the flag of france... a blot on the honor... of every man, woman and child in the french nation.
it is to us that the sad, distressing... repellant duty falls, gentlemen.
and lastly, i protest against the fact... that no stenographic records of this trial have been kept.
the attack yesterday morning was no stain on the honor of france... and certainly no disgrace to the fighting men of this nation.
but this court-martial is such a stain and such a disgrace.
the case made against these men is a mockery of all human justice.
gentlemen of the court... to find these men guilty... would be a crime to haunt each of you... till the day you die.
i can't believe that the noblest impulse of man... his compassion for another...
and if the trouble doesn't subside at once, the prisoner will be shot on the spot.
everything must go off without a hitch with the least possible delay... but it shouldn't be hurried.
but you can take it from me that i shall pass on any blame... and with interest... to any one of you who fails in his duties.
execution will take place at 7:00 according to the verdict of the court-martial.
well, father, to tell you the truth, i'm not very religious.
i know you're trying to help, and i appreciate it... but if i started praying now, i'd feel like a hypocrite.
back in my hometown, there was a certain little café... with an amusing sign over the bar.
it read, "do not be afraid to ask for credit... for our way of refusing is very polite."
and, well, if they want them, you tie them on, see?
now, you... you take your position with the firing squad... you raise your sword...
well, thank you, sir, but i must confess that, uh, this is not entirely a social visit.
oh, come, dax, let's not go over all that ground again.
though, uh, i must admit that, judging from the casualties... the efforts of your regiment must have been considerable.
now, how can you understand that and allow these men to be shot tomorrow?
colonel dax, we think we're doing a good job running the war.
you must be aware of the fact that the general staff... is subject to all kinds of unfair pressures from newspapers and politicians.
in any case... why should we have to bear any more criticism for failure than we have to.
aside from the inescapable fact that a good many of your men never left the trenches... there's the question of the troops' morale.
may i ask... do you sincerely believe all the things you've just said?
it's been a pleasure discussing this with you, colonel... but i'm afraid that i'd better be getting back to my guests.
here are copies of the sworn statements from all the principals involved...
battery commander rousseau, captain nichols, the artillery spotter... the telephone clerk and, uh, my own deposition.
what has all this got to do with the charge against the condemned prisoners?
a general in a tantrum over the failure of an impossible attack... orders his artillery to fire on his own men.
now, this same officer on the same day... orders a court-martial in which three of his men are sentenced to be shot.
general, what would your, uh, newspapers and your politicians do with that?
"having been found guilty of cowardice in the face of the enemy...
"are to be executed by rifle fire immediately... in accordance with the judgment of the military court-martial."
but this one had a kind of splendor to it, don't you think?
i have never seen an affair of this sort handled any better.
colonel dax, i've always known that you were a disloyal officer... but i never dreamed that you would stoop to anything so low as this.
general, i have sworn statements from captain nichols, your artillery spotter...
you're making me the goat... the only completely innocent man in this whole affair.
i have only one last thing to say to you, george.
it would be a pity to lose your promotion before you get it... a promotion you have so very carefully planned for.
sir, would you like me to suggest what you can do with that promotion?
you've spoiled the keenness of your mind by wallowing in sentimentality.
you really did want to save those men... and you were not angling for mireau's command.
you're an idealist, and i pity you as i would the village idiot.
we're fighting a war, dax, a war that we've got to win.
sort of a... sort of a little diversion as it were.
and as my wife always says, "what is life without a little diversion?"
five weeks later the german army had smashed its way to within 18 miles of paris.
there, the battered french rallied their forces at the marne river and, in a series of unexpected counterattacks, drove the germans back.
the front was stabilised, then shortly afterwards developed into a continuous line of heavily fortified trenches, zigzagging their way 500 miles from the english channel to the swiss frontier.
by 1916, after two grisly years of trench warfare, the battle lines had changed very little.
they've held onto it for a year and it looks as if they'll hold onto it for another year.
i have orders to take the ant hill no later than the 10th, the day after tomorrow.
seriously, though, if a man's a ninny, let him put on a dress and hide under the bed.
but if he wants to be a soldier, then he's got to be one.
10%more in getting through no-man's-land, and 20%more getting through the wire.
that leaves 65%, with the worst part of the job over.
you're saying that more than half my men will be killed.
yes, it's a terrible price to pay, colonel, but we will have the ant hill.
if a commanding officer lacks confidence, what can we expect of his men?
i don't want to relieve you, but i must have your enthusiastic support.
if any soldiers in the world can take it, we'll take the ant hill.
and when you do, your men will be relieved and get a long rest.
endangering the lives of your men through recklessness, drunk on duty, wanton murder of one of your own men, and cowardice in the face of the enemy.
phillip, have you ever tried to bring charges against an officer?
sir, is 15 minutes of artillery preparation all that we can expect?
the feeling is that any more than that will give them too much time to get organised.
it's the same with me, because i know that it can chew you up worse than anything else.
if you're afraid of dying, you'd spend your life in a funk because you know you've got to go someday.
a good part of your men never left their own trenches.
colonel dax, i'm going to have 10 men from each company in your regiment tried under penalty of death for cowardice.
colonel dax, if you continue in this manner, you shall be arrested.
i believe the colonel has a point, even though he makes it bluntly.
this is not a trial, but it does bear aspects of one.
colonel dax technically is cast in the role of the defence.
if it's an example you want, one man will do as well as 100.
the logical choice is the officer most responsible for the attack.
general mireau feels that the attack on the ant hill failed because of an inadequate effort on the part of the 1st battalion.
each of you is to select one man from your company, place him under arrest, and have him ready to appear before a court martial at 1500 hours today.
besides, such charges against an officer would only antagonise the court.
when this is over, i'm going into the story of that patrol again.
this is a general court martial, so we shall dispense with unnecessary formalities.
these men are charged with cowardice in the face of the enemy, and will be tried for that offence.
this entire company advanced only a few metres, so picking by lot was eminently fair in this case.
this soldier has distinguished himself in some of the bloodiest battles of the war.
major vignon was shot and he fell back on top of me, sir, and knocked me cold.
were you lying unconscious in the trenches during the entire attack?
and i submit that that attack was a stain on the flag of france,
a blot on the honour of every man, woman and child in the french nation.
and lastly, i protest against the fact that no stenographic records of this trial have been kept.
the attack yesterday morning is no stain on the honour of france, and certainly no disgrace to the fighting men of this nation.
but this court martial is such a stain, and such a disgrace.
the case made against these men is a mockery of all human justice.
gentlemen of the court, to find these men guilty will be a crime to haunt each of you till the day you die.
i can't believe that the noblest impulse of man, his compassion for another, can be completely dead here.
it must all go off without a hitch and with the least possible delay.
it shouldn't be hurried, but there must be no fumbling around.
i've been put in charge and made personally responsible for any lack of order, or for any mistakes.
but you can take it from me that i shall pass on any blame, and with interest, to any one of you who fails in his duties.
well, father, to tell you the truth, i'm not very religious.
i know you're trying to help and i appreciate it, but if i started praying now i'd feel like a hypocrite.
first, you help the sergeant tie the men to the posts.
of course, you offer the men blindfolds and... if they want them, you tie them on.
you take your position with the firing squad, raise your sword - ready, aim, fire.
then you draw your revolver out, you walk forward, and put a bullet through each man's head.
i apologise for not inviting you to the party, but i'm afraid that it's a dress affair.
thank you, sir, but i must confess that this is not entirely a social visit.
oh, come, dax, let's not go over all that ground again.
but judging by the casualties, the efforts of your regiment must have been notable.
colonel dax, we think we're doing a good job running the war.
you must be aware that the general staff is subject to all kinds of unfair pressures from newspapers and politicians.
why should we have to bear any more criticism for the failure than we have to?
aside from the fact that many of your men never left the trenches, there's the question of the troops' morale.
just as a child wants his father to be firm, troops crave discipline.
one way to maintain discipline is to shoot a man now and then.
may i ask... do you sincerely believe all the things you've just said?
it's been a pleasure discussing this with you, but i'd better get back to my guests.
here are copies of the sworn statements from all the principals involved.
battery commander rousseau, captain nichols, the artillery spotter, the telephone clerk, and, uh...
a general in a tantrum over the failure of an impossible attack orders his artillery to fire on his own men.
now, the same officer on the same day orders a court martial in which three of his men are sentenced to be shot.
this sort of thing is always rather grim, but this one had a kind of splendour to it.
i have never seen an affair of this sort handled any better.
it would be a pity to lose your promotion - a promotion you have so very carefully planned for.
sir, would you like me to suggest what you can do with that promotion?
i apologise for not telling you sooner that you are a degenerate, sadistic old man.
and you can go to hell before i apologise to you now or ever again!
you really did want to save those men, and you were not angling for mireau's command.
you're an idealist, and i pity you, as i would the village idiot.
there, the battered french rallied their forces at the marne river and, in a series of unexpected counterattacks, drove the germans back.
the front was stabilised, then shortly afterwards developed into a continuous line of heavily fortified trenches, zigzagging their way 500 miles from the english channel to the swiss frontier.
by 1916, after two grisly years of trench warfare, the battle lines had changed very little.
successful attacks were measured in hundreds of yards, and paid for in lives by hundreds of thousands.
the life of one soldier means more to me than all the stars and honours in france.
so... you think this attack is beyond the ability of your men at this time?
worrying whether a mouse is going to run up their pants leg.
if i had the choice between mice and mausers, i'd take the mice every time.
but if he wants to be a soldier, then he's got to be one.
he's got to fight, and he can't do that unless he's where the fighting is.
we're still left with a force more than adequate to hold it.
you're saying that more than half my men will be killed.
i don't want to relieve you, but i must have your enthusiastic support.
not once have you said that your men can take the ant hill.
so far, all i have written in this report is that you and lejeune were killed while out on patrol.
i'll make it read that you made your way back after getting separated in the skirmish.
i'd give anything in the world if it hadn't had happened.
honestly, i know you don't like me, but what kind of a man do you think i am?
perhaps i should say when we take the ant hill, how long do we have to hold it before we can expect any support?
general mireau, who will be personally observing the attack, has promised support from the 72nd by sundown tomorrow, which means, of course, that we'll have to hold all day.
if you're afraid of dying, you'd spend your life in a funk because you know you've got to go someday.
and if it's death you're afraid of, why should you care about what kills you?
i believe the colonel has a point, even though he makes it bluntly.
this is not a trial, but it does bear aspects of one.
colonel dax technically is cast in the role of the defence.
with such grave charges, a court of law would grant him latitude in presenting his case.
we can't leave it up to the men to decide when an order is possible or not.
if it was impossible, the only proof would be their dead bodies lying in the trenches.
let's get it settled once and for all so that we can all live with it.
well, perhaps i was a bit too anxious to see proper justice meted out.
in cases like this, shells falling short, i always try to avoid an inquiry.
it gets around among the men and makes a bad impression.
when this is over, i'm going into the story of that patrol again.
sir, in my case, captain renoir had the sergeant draw lots.
this is a general court martial, so we shall dispense with unnecessary formalities.
these men are charged with cowardice in the face of the enemy, and will be tried for that offence.
this entire company advanced only a few metres, so picking by lot was eminently fair in this case.
this soldier has distinguished himself in some of the bloodiest battles of the war.
major vignon was shot and he fell back on top of me, sir, and knocked me cold.
were you lying unconscious in the trenches during the entire attack?
and i submit that that attack was a stain on the flag of france,
a blot on the honour of every man, woman and child in the french nation.
and lastly, i protest against the fact that no stenographic records of this trial have been kept.
the attack yesterday morning is no stain on the honour of france, and certainly no disgrace to the fighting men of this nation.
but this court martial is such a stain, and such a disgrace.
the case made against these men is a mockery of all human justice.
gentlemen of the court, to find these men guilty will be a crime to haunt each of you till the day you die.
i can't believe that the noblest impulse of man, his compassion for another, can be completely dead here.
it must all go off without a hitch and with the least possible delay.
it shouldn't be hurried, but there must be no fumbling around.
i've been put in charge and made personally responsible for any lack of order, or for any mistakes.
but you can take it from me that i shall pass on any blame, and with interest, to any one of you who fails in his duties.
well, father, to tell you the truth, i'm not very religious.
i know you're trying to help and i appreciate it, but if i started praying now i'd feel like a hypocrite.
of course, you offer the men blindfolds and... if they want them, you tie them on.
you take your position with the firing squad, raise your sword - ready, aim, fire.
thank you, sir, but i must confess that this is not entirely a social visit.
oh, come, dax, let's not go over all that ground again.
but judging by the casualties, the efforts of your regiment must have been notable.
how can you understand that and allow these men to be shot?
one way to maintain discipline is to shoot a man now and then.
may i ask... do you sincerely believe all the things you've just said?
but general mireau demanded that he commence firing on our own trenches.
rousseau refused without an order in writing, but again he was ordered, and again he refused... all in front of witnesses.
what has all this got to do with the charge against the prisoners?
a general in a tantrum over the failure of an impossible attack orders his artillery to fire on his own men.
now, the same officer on the same day orders a court martial in which three of his men are sentenced to be shot.
general, what would your newspapers and your politicians do with that?
it would be a pity to lose your promotion - a promotion you have so very carefully planned for.
sir, would you like me to suggest what you can do with that promotion?
i apologise for not telling you sooner that you are a degenerate, sadistic old man.
and you can go to hell before i apologise to you now or ever again!
you really did want to save those men, and you were not angling for mireau's command.
you're an idealist, and i pity you, as i would the village idiot.
five weeks later the german army had smashed its way to within 18 miles of paris.
there, the battered french rallied their forces at the marne river and, in a series of unexpected counterattacks, drove the germans back.
the front was stabilised, then shortly afterwards developed into a continuous line of heavily fortified trenches, zigzagging their way 500 miles from the english channel to the swiss frontier.
by 1916, after two grisly years of trench warfare, the battle lines had changed very little.
they've held onto it for a year and it looks as if they'll hold onto it for another year.
i have orders to take the ant hill no later than the 10th, the day after tomorrow.
seriously, though, if a man's a ninny, let him put on a dress and hide under the bed.
but if he wants to be a soldier, then he's got to be one.
10% more in getting through no-man's-land, and 20% more getting through the wire.
that leaves 65%, with the worst part of the job over.
you're saying that more than half my men will be killed.
yes, it's a terrible price to pay, colonel, but we will have the ant hill.
if a commanding officer lacks confidence, what can we expect of his men?
i don't want to relieve you, but i must have your enthusiastic support.
if any soldiers in the world can take it, we'll take the ant hill.
and when you do, your men will be relieved and get a long rest.
endangering the lives of your men through recklessness, drunk on duty, wanton murder of one of your own men, and cowardice in the face of the enemy.
phillip, have you ever tried to bring charges against an officer?
sir, is 15 minutes of artillery preparation all that we can expect?
the feeling is that any more than that will give them too much time to get organised.
it's the same with me, because i know that it can chew you up worse than anything else.
if you're afraid of dying, you'd spend your life in a funk because you know you've got to go someday.
a good part of your men never left their own trenches.
colonel dax, i'm going to have 10 men from each company in your regiment tried under penalty of death for cowardice.
colonel dax, if you continue in this manner, you shall be arrested.
i believe the colonel has a point, even though he makes it bluntly.
this is not a trial, but it does bear aspects of one.
colonel dax technically is cast in the role of the defence.
if it's an example you want, one man will do as well as 100.
the logical choice is the officer most responsible for the attack.
in cases like this, shells falling short, i always try to avoid an inquiry.
it gets around among the men and makes a bad impression.
when this is over, i'm going into the story of that patrol again.
sir, in my case, captain renoir had the sergeant draw lots.
before you were ordered back, did you urge your fellow soldiers forward?
most of them were dead or wounded before they'd taken three steps.
it's accepted practice in the french army to pick examples by lot.
this entire company advanced only a few metres, so picking by lot was eminently fair in this case.
this soldier has distinguished himself in some of the bloodiest battles of the war.
with your permission, i'll read citations for bravery that he's already earned on two occasions.
but you may call witnesses to the effect that he reached the german wire.
mr president, no one in the entire regiment got anywhere near the german wire, including myself.
a blot on the honour of every man, woman and child in the french nation.
it is to us that the sad, distressing, repellent duty falls.
gentlemen, there are times when i'm ashamed to belong to the human race, and this is one such occasion.
it's impossible for me to summarise the case for the defence, since the court never allowed me an opportunity to present my case.
there has never been a written indictment of charges made against the defendants.
and lastly, i protest against the fact that no stenographic records of this trial have been kept.
the attack yesterday morning is no stain on the honour of france, and certainly no disgrace to the fighting men of this nation.
but this court martial is such a stain, and such a disgrace.
the case made against these men is a mockery of all human justice.
gentlemen of the court, to find these men guilty will be a crime to haunt each of you till the day you die.
if the trouble doesn't subside at once, the prisoner will be shot.
it must all go off without a hitch and with the least possible delay.
it shouldn't be hurried, but there must be no fumbling around.
i've been put in charge and made personally responsible for any lack of order, or for any mistakes.
but you can take it from me that i shall pass on any blame, and with interest, to any one of you who fails in his duties.
execution will take place at seven o'clock, according to the verdict of the court martial.
back in my home town, there was a café with an amusing sign over the bar.
it read "do not be afraid to ask for credit for our way of refusing is very polite."
of course, you offer the men blindfolds and... if they want them, you tie them on.
you take your position with the firing squad, raise your sword - ready, aim, fire.
thank you, sir, but i must confess that this is not entirely a social visit.
oh, come, dax, let's not go over all that ground again.
but judging by the casualties, the efforts of your regiment must have been notable.
how can you understand that and allow these men to be shot?
one way to maintain discipline is to shoot a man now and then.
may i ask... do you sincerely believe all the things you've just said?
but general mireau demanded that he commence firing on our own trenches.
rousseau refused without an order in writing, but again he was ordered, and again he refused... all in front of witnesses.
what has all this got to do with the charge against the prisoners?
a general in a tantrum over the failure of an impossible attack orders his artillery to fire on his own men.
now, the same officer on the same day orders a court martial in which three of his men are sentenced to be shot.
general, what would your newspapers and your politicians do with that?
corporal phillip paris, private maurice ferol, and private pierre arnaud of the 701st regiment, having been found guilty of cowardice in the face of the enemy,
are to be executed by rifle fire immediately, in accordance with the judgment of the military court martial.
colonel dax, i've always known that you were a disloyal officer, but i never dreamed that you would stoop to anything this low.
general, i have sworn statements from captain nichols, your artillery spotter,
you're making me the goat - the only completely innocent man in this whole affair.
i have only one last thing to say to you, george.
you have spoiled the keenness of your mind by wallowing in sentimentality.
you really did want to save those men, and you were not angling for mireau's command.
as my wife always says, what is life without a little diversion?
now, gentlemen, i give you our latest acquisition from the enemy.
five weeks later, the german army had smashed its way... to within 18 miles of paris.
there, the battered french miraculously rallied their forces at the marne river...
the front was stabilized... then shortly afterwards developed into a continuous line... of heavily fortified trenches... zigzagging their way 500 miles... from the english channel to the swiss frontier.
by 1916, after two grislyyears oftrench warfare... the battle lines had changed very little.
- it's the key to the whole german position in this sector.
they've held on to it for a year now... and it looks as though they'll hold on to it for anotheryear ifthey want to.
- that comes pretty close to being ridiculous, don't you think?
i don't imagine i'd be here if i really thought that.
well, paul, there was something else i wanted to tell you.
however, i'm sure that you'll misunderstand my motives in mentioning it.
the life ofone ofthose soldiers means more to me... than all the stars and decorations and honors in france.
so... you think this attack is absolutely beyond the ability ofyour men at this time?
you know, general, i'm convinced that these tours ofyours... have an incalculable effect upon the morale ofthese men.
in fact, i think the fighting spirit ofthe 701 st derives from it.
but if he wants to be a soldier, then, by heavens, he's got to be one.
he's got to fight, and he can't do that unless he's where the fighting is.
tell me, colonel, how did your relief come off last night?
tell me, colonel, how did your relief come off last night?
general, you're saying that more than halfof my men will be killed.
yes, it's a terrible price to pay, colonel... but we will have the anthill.
lfa commanding officer lacks confidence, what can we expect of his men?
naturally, i don't want to relieve you, but i must have your enthusiastic support.
lfany soldiers in the world can take it... we'll take the anthill.
and when you do, your men will be relieved and get a long rest.
third, refusing to obey an order and inciting others to do the same.
now, how do you think those charges are gonna look on paper?
so far, all i have written in this report... is that you and lejeune were killed while out on patrol.
i'll fix this to read that you made your way back... after becoming separated during the skirmish.
i'd give anything in the world if it hadn't have happened, and that's the truth.
honestly, i know you don't like me, but what kind ofa man do you think i am?
sir, is 15 minutes ofartillery preparation all that we can expect?
the feeling is that any more than that will give them too much time to get organized.
because i know a wound to the head will hurt much more than one in the tail.
the tail isjust meat, but the head ... ah, the head is all bone.
colonel dax, ifyou continue in this manner, i shall have to place you under arrest.
i believe the colonel has a point, even though he makes it rather bluntly.
this is not a trial, but it does bear certain aspects ofone.
and colonel dax, technically, is cast in the role ofthe defense.
we can't leave it up to the men to decide when an order is possible or not.
if it was impossible, the only proofofthat... would be their dead bodies lying at the bottom ofthe trenches.
- yes, sir, if it's an example you want... one man will do as well as a hundred.
the logical choice is the officer most responsible for the attack.
it gets around among the men and makes a bad impression.
no, shelving will be the best discipline for him, in my opinion.
when we get clear ofthis, i'm going into the story ofthat patrol again.
sir, in my case, captain renouart had the sergeant draw lots.
the indictment is lengthy, and there's no point in reading it.
the defense has a right to know the exact accusations ...
now, private arnaud, before you were ordered back... did you urge your fellow soldiers forward?
most ofthem were dead or wounded before they got three steps beyond the trenches.
and since this entire company advanced only a few meters... picking by lot was eminently fair in this case.
well, i'd like to point out that this soldier has distinguished himself... in some ofthe bloodiest battles ofthe war.
but you may call witnesses to the effect that he reached the german wire.
mr. president, no one in the entire regiment... got anywhere near the german wire, including myself.
it is to us that the sad, distressing... repellant duty falls, gentlemen.
i ask this court to find the accused guilty... and impose the penalties prescribed by the code of militaryjustice.
gentlemen ofthe court, there are times when i'm ashamed... to be a member ofthe human race... and this is one such occasion.
it's impossible for me to summarize the case for the defense... since the court never allowed me a reasonable opportunity to present my case.
there has never been a written indictment ofcharges made against the defendants.
and lastly, i protest against the fact... that no stenographic records ofthis trial have been kept.
the attackyesterday morning was no stain on the honor of france... and certainly no disgrace to the fighting men ofthis nation.
but this court-martial is such a stain and such a disgrace.
the case made against these men is a mockery ofall human justice.
gentlemen ofthe court... to find these men guilty... would be a crime to haunt each ofyou... till the dayyou die.
i've been put in charge and made personally responsible... for any lack oforder or for any mistakes.
but you can take it from me that i shall pass on any blame ... and with interest ... to any one ofyou who fails in his duties.
maybe nothing foryou, but i'm gonna get out ofthis somehow... and i don't wanna be drugged.
[arnaud] how are you gonna get out ... chew your way through that stone wall?
it'll have more contact with my wife and child than i will.
- i'll be nothing, and it'll be alive. - [slams table]
well, father, to tell you the truth, i'm not very religious.
i know you're trying to help, and i appreciate it... but if i started praying now, i'd feel like a hypocrite.
back in my hometown, there was a certain little cafe... with an amusing sign over the bar.
it read, "do not be afraid to ask for credit... for our way of refusing is very polite."
now, you ...you take your position with the firing squad... you raise your sword ... "ready, aim, fire."
then you draw your revolver out, you walk forward... and put a bullet through each man's head.
- well, i ... - [chuckling] i thinkyou'll find it delicious.
i must apologize for not inviting you tojoin the party downstairs tonight... but i'm afraid that it's, uh, a dress affair.
well, thankyou, sir, but i must confess that, uh, this is not entirely a social visit.
oh, come, dax, let's not go over all that ground again.
though, uh, i must admit that, judging from the casualties... the efforts ofyour regiment must have been considerable.
now, how can you understand that and allow these men to be shot tomorrow?
colonel dax, we think we're doing a good job running the war.
you must be aware ofthe fact that the general staff... is subject to all kinds of unfair pressures from newspapers and politicians.
in any case... why should we have to bear any more criticism for failure than we have to.
aside from the inescapable fact that a good many ofyour men never left the trenches... there's the question ofthe troops' morale.
may i ask... do you sincerely believe all the things you'vejust said?
it's been a pleasure discussing this with you, colonel... but i'm afraid that i'd better be getting back to my guests.
here are copies ofthe sworn statements from all the principals involved ...
battery commander rousseau, captain nichols, the artillery spotter... the telephone clerk and, uh, my own deposition.
what has all this got to do with the charge against the condemned prisoners?
a general in a tantrum over the failure ofan impossible attack... orders his artillery to fire on his own men.
now, this same officer on the same day... orders a court-martial in which three of his men are sentenced to be shot.
general, what would your, uh, newspapers and your politicians do with that?
but this one had a kind ofsplendor to it, don't you think?
i have never seen an affair ofthis sort handled any better.
colonel dax, i've always known that you were a disloyal officer... but i never dreamed that you would stoop to anything so low as this.
general, i have sworn statements from captain nichols, your artillery spotter...
you really did want to save those men... and you were not angling for mireau's command.
you're an idealist, and i pity you as i would the village idiot.
five weeks later the german army had smashed its way to within 18 miles of paris.
there, the battered french rallied their forces at the marne river and, in a series of unexpected counterattacks, drove the germans back.
the front was stabilised, then shortly afterwards developed into a continuous line of heavily fortified trenches, zigzagging their way 500 miles from the english channel to the swiss frontier.
by 1916, after two grisly years of trench warfare, the battle lines had changed very little.
they've held onto it for a year and it looks as if they'll hold onto it for another year.
i have orders to take the ant hill no later than the 10th, the day after tomorrow.
seriously, though, if a man's a ninny, let him put on a dress and hide under the bed.
but if he wants to be a soldier, then he's got to be one.
10%more in getting through no-man's-land, and 20%more getting through the wire.
that leaves 65%, with the worst part of the job over.
you're saying that more than half my men will be killed.
yes, it's a terrible price to pay, colonel, but we will have the ant hill.
if a commanding officer lacks confidence, what can we expect of his men?
i don't want to relieve you, but i must have your enthusiastic support.
if any soldiers in the world can take it, we'll take the ant hill.
and when you do, your men will be relieved and get a long rest.
endangering the lives of your men through recklessness, drunk on duty, wanton murder of one of your own men, and cowardice in the face of the enemy.
phillip, have you ever tried to bring charges against an officer?
sir, is 15 minutes of artillery preparation all that we can expect?
the feeling is that any more than that will give them too much time to get organised.
it's the same with me, because i know that it can chew you up worse than anything else.
if you're afraid of dying, you'd spend your life in a funk because you know you've got to go someday.
a good part of your men never left their own trenches.
colonel dax, i'm going to have 10 men from each company in your regiment tried under penalty of death for cowardice.
colonel dax, if you continue in this manner, you shall be arrested.
i believe the colonel has a point, even though he makes it bluntly.
this is not a trial, but it does bear aspects of one.
colonel dax technically is cast in the role of the defence.
if it's an example you want, one man will do as well as 100.
the logical choice is the officer most responsible for the attack.
general mireau feels that the attack on the ant hill failed because of an inadequate effort on the part of the 1st battalion.
each of you is to select one man from your company, place him under arrest, and have him ready to appear before a court martial at 1500 hours today.
besides, such charges against an officer would only antagonise the court.
when this is over, i'm going into the story of that patrol again.
before you were ordered back, did you urge your fellow soldiers forward?
most of them were dead or wounded before they'd taken three steps.
it's accepted practice in the french army to pick examples by lot.
this entire company advanced only a few metres, so picking by lot was eminently fair in this case.
this soldier has distinguished himself in some of the bloodiest battles of the war.
with your permission, i'll read citations for bravery that he's already earned on two occasions.
but you may call witnesses to the effect that he reached the german wire.
mr president, no one in the entire regiment got anywhere near the german wire, including myself.
a blot on the honour of every man, woman and child in the french nation.
it is to us that the sad, distressing, repellent duty falls.
gentlemen, there are times when i'm ashamed to belong to the human race, and this is one such occasion.
it's impossible for me to summarise the case for the defence, since the court never allowed me an opportunity to present my case.
there has never been a written indictment of charges made against the defendants.
and lastly, i protest against the fact that no stenographic records of this trial have been kept.
the attack yesterday morning is no stain on the honour of france, and certainly no disgrace to the fighting men of this nation.
but this court martial is such a stain, and such a disgrace.
the case made against these men is a mockery of all human justice.
gentlemen of the court, to find these men guilty will be a crime to haunt each of you till the day you die.
if the trouble doesn't subside at once, the prisoner will be shot.
it must all go off without a hitch and with the least possible delay.
it shouldn't be hurried, but there must be no fumbling around.
i've been put in charge and made personally responsible for any lack of order, or for any mistakes.
but you can take it from me that i shall pass on any blame, and with interest, to any one of you who fails in his duties.
execution will take place at seven o'clock, according to the verdict of the court martial.
back in my home town, there was a café with an amusing sign over the bar.
it read "do not be afraid to ask for credit for our way of refusing is very polite."
first, you help the sergeant tie the men to the posts.
of course, you offer the men blindfolds and... if they want them, you tie them on.
you take your position with the firing squad, raise your sword - ready, aim, fire.
then you draw your revolver out, you walk forward, and put a bullet through each man's head.
i apologise for not inviting you to the party, but i'm afraid that it's a dress affair.
thank you, sir, but i must confess that this is not entirely a social visit.
oh, come, dax, let's not go over all that ground again.
but judging by the casualties, the efforts of your regiment must have been notable.
colonel dax, we think we're doing a good job running the war.
you must be aware that the general staff is subject to all kinds of unfair pressures from newspapers and politicians.
why should we have to bear any more criticism for the failure than we have to?
aside from the fact that many of your men never left the trenches, there's the question of the troops' morale.
just as a child wants his father to be firm, troops crave discipline.
one way to maintain discipline is to shoot a man now and then.
may i ask... do you sincerely believe all the things you've just said?
it's been a pleasure discussing this with you, but i'd better get back to my guests.
here are copies of the sworn statements from all the principals involved.
battery commander rousseau, captain nichols, the artillery spotter, the telephone clerk, and, uh...
a general in a tantrum over the failure of an impossible attack orders his artillery to fire on his own men.
now, the same officer on the same day orders a court martial in which three of his men are sentenced to be shot.
corporal phillip paris, private maurice ferol, and private pierre arnaud of the 701st regiment, having been found guilty of cowardice in the face of the enemy,
are to be executed by rifle fire immediately, in accordance with the judgment of the military court martial.
this sort of thing is always rather grim, but this one had a kind of splendour to it.
i have never seen an affair of this sort handled any better.
colonel dax, i've always known that you were a disloyal officer, but i never dreamed that you would stoop to anything this low.
general, i have sworn statements from captain nichols, your artillery spotter,
you're making me the goat - the only completely innocent man in this whole affair.
i have only one last thing to say to you, george.
you have spoiled the keenness of your mind by wallowing in sentimentality.
you really did want to save those men, and you were not angling for mireau's command.
as my wife always says, what is life without a little diversion?
now, gentlemen, i give you our latest acquisition from the enemy.
five weeks later the german army had smashed its way to within 18 miles of paris.
there, the battered french rallied their forces at the marne river and, in a series of unexpected counterattacks, drove the germans back.
the front was stabilised, then shortly afterwards developed into a continuous line of heavily fortified trenches, zigzagging their way 500 miles from the english channel to the swiss frontier.
by 1916, after two grisly years of trench warfare, the battle lines had changed very little.
i don't imagine i would be here if i really thought that.
paul, if there's one man in this army who can do this for me, it's you.
nothing is beyond those men once their fighting spirit is aroused.
paul, i don't want to push you into it if you think it's ill-advised.
you know general, i'm convinced that these tours of yours have an incalculable effect upon the morale of these men.
in think the fighting spirit of the 701st derives from it.
seriously, though, if a man's a ninny, let him put on a dress and hide under the bed.
but if he wants to be a soldier, then by heavens, he's got to be one.
10% more in getting through no-man's-land, and 20% more getting through the wire.
that leaves 65% with the worst part of the job over.
you're saying that more than half my men will be killed.
yes, it's a terrible price to pay, colonel, but we will have the ant hill.
if a commanding officer lacks confidence, what can we expect of his men?
naturally, i don't want to relieve you, but i must have your enthusiastic support.
if any soldiers in the world can take it, we'll take the ant hill.
and when you do, your men will be relieved and get a long rest.
endangering the lives of your men through recklessness, drunk on duty, wanton murder of one of your own men, and cowardice in the face of the enemy.
phillip, have you ever tried to bring charges against an officer?
i'd give anything in the world if it hadn't happened and that's the truth.
honestly, i know you don't like me, but what kind of a man do you think i am?
perhaps i should say when we take the ant hill how long do we have to hold it before we can expect any support?
general mireau, who will be personally observing the attack, has promised support from the 72nd by sundown tomorrow, which means, of course, that we'll have to hold all day.
i'd hate like the devil to be without my tin hat.
but i don't mind not having a tin hat for my tail.
i believe the colonel has a point, even though he makes it bluntly.
this is not a trial, but it does bear certain aspects of one.
colonel dax technically is cast in the role of the defence.
in view of the gravity of the charges, a court of law would grant him all possible latitude in presenting his case.
my only aim is to remind you of the heroism these men have shown on every occasion in the past.
we're not talking about the past, we're talking about the present.
we can't leave it up to the men to decide when an order is possible or not.
if it was impossible, the only proof would be their dead bodies lying in the trenches.
let's get it settled once and for all so that we can all live with it.
well, perhaps i was a bit too anxious to see properjustice meted out.
in cases like this, shells falling short, i always try to avoid an inquiry.
it gets around among the men and makes a bad impression.
general mireau feels that the attack on the ant hill yesterday morning failed because of an inadequate effort on the part of the 1st battalion.
each of you is to select one man from your company, place him under arrest, and have him ready to appear before a general court martial no later than 15:00 hours this afternoon.
besides, such charges against an officer would only antagonise the court.
when this is over, i'm going into the story of that patrol again.
the indictment is lengthy, and there's no point in reading it.
the defence has a right to know the exact... the indictment is that the accused showed cowardice in the face of the enemy during the attack on the ant hill.
before you were ordered back, did you urge your fellow soldiers forward?
most of them were dead or wounded before they got three steps beyond the trenches.
and since this entire company advanced only a few metres, picking by lot was eminently fair in this case.
i'd like to point out that this soldier has distinguished himself in some of the bloodiest battles of the war.
major vignon was shot and he fell back on top of me, sir, and knocked me cold.
were you lying unconscious in the trenches during the entire attack?
and i submit that that attack was a stain on the flag of france,
a blot on the honour of every man, woman and child in the french nation.
and lastly, i protest against the fact that no stenographic records of this trial have been kept.
the attack yesterday morning is no stain on the honour of france, and certainly no disgrace to the fighting men of this nation.
but this court martial is such a stain, and such a disgrace.
the case made against these men is a mockery of all human justice.
gentlemen of the court, to find these men guilty will be a crime to haunt each of you till the day you die.
i can't believe that the noblest impulse of man, his compassion for another, can be completely dead here.
if the trouble doesn't subside at once, the prisoner will be shot on the spot.
everything must all go off without a hitch and with the least possible delay.
it shouldn't be hurried, but there must be no fumbling around.
i've been put in charge and made personally responsible for any lack of order, or for any mistakes.
but you can take it from me that i shall pass on any blame, and with interest, to any one of you who fails in his duties.
execution will take place at seven o'clock, according to the verdict of the court martial.
well, father, to tell you the truth, i'm not very religious.
i know you're trying to help and i appreciate it, but if i started praying now i'd feel like a hypocrite.
back in my home town, there was a certain little café with an amusing sign over the bar.
it read "do not be afraid to ask for credit for our way of refusing is very polite."
of course, you offer the men blindfolds and... if they want them, you tie them on.
you take your position with the firing squad, raise your sword - ready, aim, fire.
i apologise for not inviting you to join the party downstairs tonight, but i'm afraid that it's a dress affair.
thank you, sir, but i must confess that this is not entirely a social visit.
oh, come, dax, let's not go over all that ground again.
i must admit that judging from the casualties, the efforts of your regiment must have been considerable.
how can you understand that and allow these men to be shot tomorrow?
colonel, you're choosing to take a rather simple view of this.
colonel dax, we think we're doing a good job running the war.
you must be aware of the fact that the general staff is subject to all kinds of unfair pressures from newspapers and politicians.
in any case, why should we have to bear any more criticism for the failure than we have to?
aside from the inescapable fact that a good many of your men never left the trenches, there's the question of the troops' morale, don't forget that.
just as a child wants his father to be firm, troops crave discipline.
one way to maintain discipline is to shoot a man now and then.
may i ask... do you sincerely believe all the things you've just said?
it's been a pleasure discussing this with you, but i'd better get back to my guests.
here are copies of the sworn statements from all the principals involved.
battery commander rousseau, captain nichols, the artillery spotter, the telephone clerk, and, uh...
a general in a tantrum over the failure of an impossible attack orders his artillery to fire on his own men.
now, the same officer on the same day orders a court martial in which three of his men are sentenced to be shot.
this is the last decision you'll have a chance to make on earth.
you can pull yourself together and act like a man, or we'll have to drag you out of here.
corporal phillip paris, private maurice ferol, and private pierre arnaud of the 701st regiment, having been found guilty of cowardice in the face of the enemy,
are to be executed by rifle fire immediately, in accordance with the judgement of the military court martial.
this sort of thing is always rather grim, but this one had a kind of splendour to it.
i have never seen an affair of this sort handled any better.
colonel dax, i've always known that you were a disloyal officer, but i never dreamed that you would stoop to anything so low as this.
general, i have sworn statements from captain nichols, your artillery spotter,
you're making me the goat - the only completely innocent man in this whole affair.
i have only one last thing to say to you, george.
i apologise for not telling you sooner that you are a degenerate, sadistic old man.
and you can go to hell before i apologise to you now or ever again!
you really did want to save those men, and you were not angling for mireau's command.
you're an idealist, and i pity you, as i would the village idiot.
the front was stabilized... then shortly afterwards developed into a continuous line... of heavily fortified trenches... zigzagging their way 500 miles... from the english channel to the swiss frontier.
by 1916, after two grisly years of trench warfare... the battle lines had changed very little.
- it's the key to the whole german position in this sector.
they've held on to it for a year now... and it looks as though they'll hold on to it for another year if they want to.
- that comes pretty close to being ridiculous, don't you think?
i don't imagine i'd be here if i really thought that.
well, paul, there was something else i wanted to tell you.
however, i'm sure that you'll misunderstand my motives in mentioning it.
the life of one ofthose soldiers means more to me... than all the stars and decorations and honors in france.
so... you think this attack is absolutely beyond the ability of your men at this time?
but if he wants to be a soldier, then, by heavens, he's got to be one.
he's got to fight, and he can't do that unless he's where the fighting is.
we're still left with a force more than adequate to hold it.
general, you're saying that more than half of my men will be killed.
i don't need a flag waved in front of me to get me to charge.
i don't think i like your comparison of the flag of france to a bullfighter's cape.
naturally, i don't want to relieve you, but i must have your enthusiastic support.
not once have you said that your men can take the anthill.
there will only be the three of us, and we're to avoid a fight if we can.
we go out to the left, and we come back through post 6 on the right.
third, refusing to obey an order and inciting others to do the same.
now, how do you think those charges are gonna look on paper?
so far, all i have written in this report... is that you and lejeune were killed while out on patrol.
i'll fix this to read that you made your way back... after becoming separated during the skirmish.
i'd give anything in the world if it hadn't have happened, and that's the truth.
honestly, i know you don't like me, but what kind of a man do you think i am?
but i'll tell you something though — i'd hate like the devil to be without my tin hat.
but on the other hand, i don't mind not having a tin hat for my tail.
the fact remains that a good part ofyour men never left their own trenches.
colonel dax, i'm going to have 1 0 men from each company in your regiment... tried under penalty ofdeath for cowardice.
i believe the colonel has a point, even though he makes it rather bluntly.
this is not a trial, but it does bear certain aspects of one.
and colonel dax, technically, is cast in the role ofthe defense.
in view ofthe gravity of the charges... a court of law would grant him all possible latitude in presenting his case.
- yes, sir, if it's an example you want... one man will do as well as a hundred.
the logical choice is the officer most responsible for the attack.
and the best solution is to shelve him to another outfit.
a court of inquiry ought to roast him a bit first.
it gets around among the men and makes a bad impression.
no, shelving will be the best discipline for him, in my opinion.
when we get clear of this, i'm going into the story of that patrol again.
sir, in my case, captain renouart had the sergeant draw lots.
stick to the stories you've told me... and don't let the prosecutor shake you out of them.
now remember, you'll be soldiers in the presence of superior officers.
the indictment is lengthy, and there's no point in reading it.
the defense has a right to know the exact accusations —
i guess the rest of them had been killed or wounded.
and you found yourself in the middle of no-man's-land alone with private meyer.
it's accepted practice in the french army to pick examples by lot.
and since this entire company advanced only a few meters... picking by lot was eminently fair in this case.
i'll read citations f or bravery that he's already earned on two occasions.
first, citations in the orders in the army for bravery —
major vignon was shot, and he fell back on top of me, sir, and knocked me cold.
and were you lying unconscious in the trenches during the entire attack?
it is to us that the sad, distressing... repellant duty falls, gentlemen.
i ask this court to find the accused guilty... and impose the penalties prescribed by the code of military justice.
gentlemen of the court, there are times when i'm ashamed... to be a member of the human race... and this is one such occasion.
it's impossible for me to summarize the case for the defense... since the court never allowed me a reasonable opportunity to present my case.
there has never been a written indictment ofcharges made against the defendants.
and lastly, i protest against the fact... that no stenographic records of this trial have been kept.
the attack yesterday morning was no stain on the honor of france... and certainly no disgrace to the fighting men of this nation.
but this court-martial is such a stain and such a disgrace.
the case made against these men is a mockery of all human justice.
gentlemen of the court... to find these men guilty... would be a crime to haunt each of you... till the day you die.
i've been put in charge and made personally responsible... for any lack oforder or for any mistakes.
but you can take it from me that i shall pass on any blame — and with interest — to any one of you who fails in his duties.
well, father, to tell you the truth, i'm not very religious.
i know you're trying to help, and i appreciate it... but if i started praying now, i'd feel like a hypocrite.
back in my hometown, there was a certain little café... with an amusing sign over the bar.
it read, "do not be afraid to ask for credit... for our way of refusing is very polite."
and, we ll, if they want them, you tie them on, see ?
now, you — you take your position with the firing squad... you raise your sword — "ready, aim, fire."
i must apologize for not inviting you to join the party downstairs to night... but i'm afraid that it's, uh, a dress affair.
well, thank you, sir, but i must confess that, uh, this is not entirely a social visit.
oh, come, dax, let's not go over all that ground again.
though, uh, i must admit that, judging from the casualties... the efforts of your regiment must have been considerable.
these executions will be a perfect tonic for the entire division.
there are few things more fundamentally encouraging and stimulating... than seeing someone else die.
and one way to maintain discipline is to shoot a man now and then.
may i ask... do you sincerely believe all the things you'vejust said?
oh, by the way, sir, have you heard that general mireau... ordered his own battery commander, captain rousseau... to open fire on his own positions during the attack? well, of course the captain refused without a written order... but general mireau demanded that he commence firing on our own trenches.
again rousseau refused without an order in writing... but again he was ordered, and again he refused — all in front of witnesses.
battery commander rousseau, captain nichols, the artillery spotter... the telephone clerk and, uh, my own deposition.
what has all this got to do with the charge against the condemned prisoners?
a general in a tantrum over the failure of an impossible attack... orders his artillery to fire on his own men.
now, this same officer on the same day... orders a court-martial in which three of his men are sentenced to be shot.
general mireau's assault on the anthill failed... and his order to fire on this own troops was refused.
but his attempt to murder three innocent men... to protect his own reputation will be prevented by the general staff.
but this one had a kind ofsplendor to it, don't you think?
i have never seen an affair of this sort handled any better.
colonel dax, i've always known that you were a disloyal officer... but i never dreamed that you would stoop to anything so low as this.
general, i have sworn statements from captain nichols, your artillery spotter...
you're making me the goat — the only completely innocent man in this whole affair.
i have only one last thing to say to you, george.
you really did want to save those men... and you were not angling for mireau's command.
you're an idealist, and i pity you as i would the village idiot.
five weeks later, the german army had smashed its way... to within 18 miles of paris.
there the battered french miraculously rallied at the marne river... and in a series of unexpected counterattacks, drove the germans back.
the front was stabilized and shortly afterwards... developed into a continuous line of heavily fortified trenches... zigzagging their way 500 miles... from the english channel to the swiss frontier.
by 1916, after two grisly years of trench warfare... the battle lines had changed very little.
they've held it for a year now... and it looks as though they'll hold it for another year if they want to.
i have formal orders to take the ant hill no later than the tenth.
i don't imagine i'd be here if i really thought that.
paul, if there's one man in this army who can do this for me, it's you.
the 12th corps needs a fighting general, and your star is overdue.
we both know that your record is good enough... for you to refuse this assignment on the grounds you've stated.
nothing is beyond those men once their fighting spirit is aroused.
i don't want to push you if you think it's ill-advised.
general, i'm convinced that these tours of yours... have an incalculable effect upon the morale of these men.
i think the fighting spirit of the 701st derives from it.
seriously, though, if a man's a ninny... let him put on a dress and hide under the bed.
but if he wants to be a soldier, then by heavens, he's got to be one.
that leaves 65 percent with the worst part of the job over.
let's say another 25 percent in actually taking the ant hill.
we're still left with a force more than adequate to hold it.
general, you're saying that more than half my men will be killed.
if an officer lacks confidence, what can we expect of his men?
naturally, i don't want to relieve you, but i must have enthusiastic support.
if any soldiers in the world can take it... we'll take the ant hill.
and when you do, your men will be relieved and get a long rest.
there'll only be the three of us, and we're to avoid a fight if we can.
we go out to the left, and we come back through post six on the right.
endangering the lives of your men through recklessness... drunk on duty, wanton murder of one of your own men... and cowardice in the face of the enemy.
phillip, have you ever tried to bring charges against an officer?
battery commander respectfully reports he cannot execute such an order... unless it is in writing and signed by the general, over.
general, battery commander reports he cannot execute such an order... unless it is in writing and signed by the general.
the fact remains... a good part of your men never left their own trenches.
colonel dax, i'm going to have ten men from each company in your regiment... tried under penalty of death for cowardice.
i believe the colonel has a point, even though he makes it rather bluntly.
this is not a trial, but it does bear certain aspects of one... and colonel dax technically is cast in the role of the defense.
well, in cases like shells falling short, i always try to avoid an inquiry.
it gets around among the men and makes a bad impression.
colonel dax, when this mess is cleaned up, i'll break you!
i'll find an excuse, and i'll break you to the ranks.
besides, such charges against an officer would only antagonize the court.
when we get clear of this, i'm going into the story of that patrol again.
stick to your stories, and don't let the prosecutor shake you out of them.
now remember, you'll be soldiers in the presence of superior officers... so act like what you are.
now, private arnaud... before you were ordered back... did you urge your fellow soldiers forward?
most were dead or wounded before they got three steps beyond the trenches.
it's accepted practice in the french army to pick examples by lot.
since this entire company advanced only a few meters... picking by lot was eminently fair in this case.
well, i'd like to point out that this soldier has distinguished himself... in some of the bloodiest battles of the war.
with the court's permission, i'll read citations for bravery... that he's already earned on two occasions.
but you may call witnesses to the effect that he reached the german wire.
mr. president, no one in the entire regiment... got anywhere near the german wire, including myself.
major vignon was shot, and he fell back on top of me, sir, and knocked me cold.
and were you lying unconscious in the trenches during the entire attack?
and i submit that that attack... was a stain on the flag of france... a blot on the honor... of every man, woman and child in the french nation.
it is to us that the sad... distressing, repellent duty falls, gentlemen.
and lastly i protest against the fact that... no stenographic records of this trial have been kept.
the attack yesterday morning was no stain on the honor of france... and certainly no disgrace to the fighting men of this nation.
but this court martial is such a stain... and such a disgrace.
the case made against these men is a mockery of all human justice.
gentlemen of the court... to find these men guilty would be a crime... to haunt each of you till the day you die.
i can't believe that the noblest impulse of man-- his compassion for another-- can be completely dead here.
any sign of trouble, the prisoners will be instantly covered... and if the trouble doesn't subside at once, the prisoner will be shot.
everything must go off without a hitch with the least possible delay.
i've been put in charge and made personally responsible... for any lack of order or any mistakes.
but you can take it from me that i shall pass on any blame and with interest... to any one of you who fails in his duties.
well, father, to tell you the truth, i'm not very religious.
i know you're trying to help, and i appreciate it... but if i started praying now i'd feel like a hypocrite.
how can you understand that and allow these men to be shot tomorrow?
come, colonel, you're choosing to take a rather simple view of this.
colonel dax, we think we're doing a good job running the war.
you must be aware the general staff is subject to unfair pressures... from newspapers and politicians.
in any case... why should we have to bear any more criticism than we have to?
aside from the fact that many of your men never left the trenches... there's the troops' morale, don't forget.
these executions will be a perfect tonic for the entire division.
there are few things more fundamentally encouraging and stimulating... than seeing someone else die.
just as a child wants his father to be firm, troops crave discipline.
one way to maintain discipline is to shoot a man now and then.
may i ask... do you sincerely believe the things you've said?
it's been a pleasure discussing this with you, colonel... but i'm afraid that i'd better be getting back to my guests.
here are copies of the sworn statements from all the principals involved.
battery commander rousseau, captain nichols, the artillery spotter... the telephone clerk and my own deposition.
what has this got to do with the charge against the condemned prisoners?
a general in a tantrum over the failure of an impossible attack... orders his artillery to fire on his own men.
the same officer on the same day orders a court martial... in which three of his men are sentenced to be shot.
general, what would your newspapers and your politicians do with that?
this is the last decision you'll have a chance to make on earth.
you can act like a man, or we'll have to drag you out of here.
you've spoiled the keenness of your mind by wallowing in sentimentality.
you really did want to save those men... and you were not angling for mireau's command.
you're an idealist, and i pity you as i would the village idiot.
we're fighting a war, a war that we've got to win.
and my wife always says, "what is life without a little diversion?"
now, gentlemen, i give you our latest acquisition from the enemy.
as a matter of fact, she has absolutely no talent at all... except, that is, maybe a little natural talent.
the little lady can't dance, she can't tell any jokes... and she can't balance rubber balls on her little nose.
[man narrating] war began between germany and france on august 3, 1914.
five weeks later, the german army had smashed its way... to within 18 miles of paris.
by 1916, after two grisly years of trench warfare... the battle lines had changed very little.
successful attacks were measured in hundreds of yards... and paid for in lives by hundreds of thousands.
they've held on to it for a year now... and it looks as though they'll hold on to it for another year if they want to.
paul, i have formal orders to take the anthill no later than the 10th.
i don't imagine i'd be here if i really thought that.
[chuckles] paul, if there's one man in this army who can do this for me, it's you.
the 12th corps needs a fighting general, and you're overdue on that star.
now, we both know that your record is good enough... for you to refuse this assignment on the grounds you've stated.
nothing is beyond those men, once their fighting spirit is aroused.
paul, i don't want to push you into it if you think it's ill-advised.
seriously though, if a man's a ninny... let him put on a dress and hide under the bed.
but if he wants to be a soldier, then, by heavens, he's got to be one.
i think i have to agree with you, presenting your case so convincingly, sir.
[major] and you've never failed to live up to it, sir.
ten percent more in getting through no-man's-land... and 20% more getting through the wire.
that leaves 65% with the worst part of the job over.
general, you're saying that more than half of my men will be killed.
yes, it's a terrible price to pay, colonel... but we will have the anthill.
if a commanding officer lacks confidence, what can we expect of his men?
naturally, i don't want to relieve you, but i must have your enthusiastic support.
if any soldiers in the world can take it... we'll take the anthill.
and when you do, your men will be relieved and get a long rest.
wanton murder of one of your own men... and cowardice in the face of the enemy.
philippe, have you ever tried to bring charges against an officer?
sir, is 15 minutes of artillery preparation all that we can expect?
the feeling is that any more than that will give them too much time to get organized.
because i know a wound to the head will hurt much more than one in the tail.
the tail is just meat, but the head. ah, the head is all bone.
colonel dax, if you continue in this manner, i shall have to place you under arrest.
i believe the colonel has a point, even though he makes it rather bluntly.
this is not a trial, but it does bear certain aspects of one.
and colonel dax, technically, is cast in the role of the defense.
we can't leave it up to the men to decide when an order is possible or not.
if it was impossible, the only proof of that... would be their dead bodies lying at the bottom of the trenches.
let's get it settled once and for all so that we can all live with it.
well, perhaps i was a bit too anxious to see proper justice meted out.
and the best solution is to shelve him to another outfit.
a court of inquiry ought to roast him a bit first.
colonel dax, when this mess is cleaned up, i'll break you.
i'll find an excuse and i'll break you to the ranks.
general mireau feels that the attack on the anthill yesterday morning failed... because of an inadequate effort on the part of the first battalion.
each of you is to select one man from your company... place him under arrest and have him ready to appear before a general court-martial... no later than 1500 hours this afternoon.
besides, such charges against an officer would only antagonize the court.
when we get clear of this, i'm going into the story of that patrol again.
i guess the rest of them had been killed or wounded.
and you found yourself in the middle of no-man's-land alone with private meyer.
it's accepted practice in the french army to pick examples by lot.
and since this entire company advanced only a few meters... picking by lot was eminently fair in this case.
major vignon was shot, and he fell back on top of me, sir, and knocked me cold.
and were you lying unconscious in the trenches during the entire attack?
and i submit that that attack... was a stain on the flag of france... a blot on the honor... of every man, woman and child in the french nation.
it is to us that the sad, distressing... repellant duty falls, gentlemen.
and lastly, i protest against the fact... that no stenographic records of this trial have been kept.
the attack yesterday morning was no stain on the honor of france... and certainly no disgrace to the fighting men of this nation.
but this court-martial is such a stain and such a disgrace.
the case made against these men is a mockery of all human justice.
i've been put in charge and made personally responsible... for any lack of order or for any mistakes.
but you can take it from me that i shall pass on any blame. and with interest.
well, father, to tell you the truth, i'm not very religious.
i know you're trying to help, and i appreciate it... but if i started praying now, i'd feel like a hypocrite.
back in my hometown, there was a certain little café... with an amusing sign over the bar.
it read, "do not be afraid to ask for credit... for our way of refusing is very polite."
- well, i. - [chuckling] i think you'll find it delicious.
i must apologize for not inviting you to join the party downstairs tonight... but i'm afraid that it's, uh, a dress affair.
well, thank you, sir, but i must confess that, uh, this is not entirely a social visit.
oh, come, dax, let's not go over all that ground again.
though, uh, i must admit that, judging from the casualties... the efforts of your regiment must have been considerable.
now, how can you understand that and allow these men to be shot tomorrow?
colonel dax, we think we're doing a good job running the war.
you must be aware of the fact that the general staff... is subject to all kinds of unfair pressures from newspapers and politicians.
in any case... why should we have to bear any more criticism for failure than we have to.
aside from the inescapable fact that a good many of your men never left the trenches... there's the question of the troops' morale.
may i ask... do you sincerely believe all the things you've just said?
it's been a pleasure discussing this with you, colonel... but i'm afraid that i'd better be getting back to my guests.
battery commander rousseau, captain nichols, the artillery spotter... the telephone clerk and, uh, my own deposition.
what has all this got to do with the charge against the condemned prisoners?
a general in a tantrum over the failure of an impossible attack... orders his artillery to fire on his own men.
now, this same officer on the same day... orders a court-martial in which three of his men are sentenced to be shot.
general mireau's assault on the anthill failed... and his order to fire on this own troops was refused.
but his attempt to murder three innocent men... to protect his own reputation will be prevented by the general staff.
this is the last decision you'll have a chance to make on earth.
you can pull yourself together, act like a man, or we'll have to drag you out of here.
"having been found guilty of cowardice in the face of the enemy...
"are to be executed by rifle fire immediately... in accordance with the judgment of the military court-martial."
but this one had a kind of splendor to it, don't you think?
i have never seen an affair of this sort handled any better.
colonel dax, i've always known that you were a disloyal officer... but i never dreamed that you would stoop to anything so low as this.
general, i have sworn statements from captain nichols, your artillery spotter...
you really did want to save those men... and you were not angling for mireau's command.
you're an idealist, and i pity you as i would the village idiot.
five weeks later, the german army had smashed its way... to within 18 miles of paris.
there, the battered french miraculously rallied their forces at the marne river... and in a series of unexpected counterattacks —
the front was stabilized... then shortly afterwards developed into a continuous line... of heavily fortified trenches... zigzagging their way 500 miles... from the english channel to the swiss frontier.
by 1916, after two grisly years of trench warfare... the battle lines had changed very little.
- it's the key to the whole german position in this sector.
they've held on to it for a year now... and it looks as though they'll hold on to it for another year if they want to.
- that comes pretty close to being ridiculous, don't you think?
i don't imagine i'd be here if i really thought that.
well, paul, there was something else i wanted to tell you.
however, i'm sure that you'll misunderstand my motives in mentioning it.
the life of one of those soldiers means more to me... than all the stars and decorations and honors in france.
so... you think this attack is absolutely beyond the ability of your men at this time?
but if he wants to be a soldier, then, by heavens, he's got to be one.
he's got to fight, and he can't do that unless he's where the fighting is.
we're still left with a force more than adequate to hold it.
general, you're saying that more than half of my men will be killed.
i don't need a flag waved in front of me to get me to charge.
i don't think i like your comparison of the flag of france to a bullfighter's cape.
naturally, i don't want to relieve you, but i must have your enthusiastic support.
not once have you said that your men can take the anthill.
there will only be the three of us, and we're to avoid a fight if we can.
we go out to the left, and we come back through post 6 on the right.
wanton murder of one of your own men... and cowardice in the face of the enemy.
philippe, have you ever tried to bring charges against an officer?
sir, is 15 minutes of artillery preparation all that we can expect?
the feeling is that any more than that will give them too much time to get organized.
if, uh — perhaps i should say when we take the anthill... how long do we have to hold it before we can expect any support?
well, general mireau, who, by the way, will be personally observing the attack... has promised us support from the 72nd by sundown tomorrow... which means, of course, that we'll have to hold all day.
because i know a wound to the head will hurt much more than one in the tail.
the tail is just meat, but the head — ah, the head is all bone.
if you're really afraid of dying, you'd be living in a funk all the rest of your life... because you know you've got to go someday, any day.
and besides, if it's death that you're really afraid of... why should you care about what it is that kills you?
colonel dax, if you continue in this manner, i shall have to place you under arrest.
i believe the colonel has a point, even though he makes it rather bluntly.
this is not a trial, but it does bear certain aspects of one.
and colonel dax, technically, is cast in the role of the defense.
we can't leave it up to the men to decide when an order is possible or not.
if it was impossible, the only proof of that... would be their dead bodies lying at the bottom of the trenches.
let's get it settled once and for all so that we can all live with it.
well, perhaps i was a bit too anxious to see proper justice meted out.
colonel dax, when this mess is cleaned up, i'll break you.
i'll find an excuse and i'll break you to the ranks.
general mireau feels that the attack on the anthill yesterday morning failed... because of an inadequate effort on the part of the first battalion.
each of you is to select one man from your company... place him under arrest and have him ready to appear before a general court-martial... no later than 1500 hours this afternoon.
besides, such charges against an officer would only antagonize the court.
when we get clear of this, i'm going into the story of that patrol again.
the indictment is lengthy, and there's no point in reading it.
the defense has a right to know the exact accusations —
i guess the rest of them had been killed or wounded.
and you found yourself in the middle of no-man's-land alone with private meyer.
now, private arnaud, before you were ordered back... did you urge your fellow soldiers forward?
most of them were dead or wounded before they got three steps beyond the trenches.
and since this entire company advanced only a few meters... picking by lot was eminently fair in this case.
well, i'd like to point out that this soldier has distinguished himself... in some of the bloodiest battles of the war.
but you may call witnesses to the effect that he reached the german wire.
mr. president, no one in the entire regiment... got anywhere near the german wire, including myself.
and i submit that that attack... was a stain on the flag of france... a blot on the honor... of every man, woman and child in the french nation.
it is to us that the sad, distressing... repellant duty falls, gentlemen.
and lastly, i protest against the fact... that no stenographic records of this trial have been kept.
the attack yesterday morning was no stain on the honor of france... and certainly no disgrace to the fighting men of this nation.
but this court-martial is such a stain and such a disgrace.
the case made against these men is a mockery of all human justice.
gentlemen of the court... to find these men guilty... would be a crime to haunt each of you... till the day you die.
i can't believe that the noblest impulse of man — his compassion for another — can be completely dead here.
and if the trouble doesn't subside at once, the prisoner will be shot on the spot.
everything must go off without a hitch with the least possible delay... but it shouldn't be hurried.
but you can take it from me that i shall pass on any blame — and with interest — to any one of you who fails in his duties.
execution will take place at 7:00 according to the verdict of the court-martial.
maybe nothing for you, but i'm gonna get out of this somehow... and i don't wanna be drugged.
how are you gonna get out — chew your way through that stone wall?
now, you — you take your position with the firing squad... you raise your sword — "ready, aim, fire."
then you draw your revolver out, you walk forward... and put a bullet through each man's head.
i must apologize for not inviting you to join the party downstairs tonight... but i'm afraid that it's, uh, a dress affair.
well, thank you, sir, but i must confess that, uh, this is not entirely a social visit.
oh, come, dax, let's not go over all that ground again.
though, uh, i must admit that, judging from the casualties... the efforts of your regiment must have been considerable.
these executions will be a perfect tonic for the entire division.
there are few things more fundamentally encouraging and stimulating... than seeing someone else die.
and one way to maintain discipline is to shoot a man now and then.
may i ask... do you sincerely believe all the things you've just said?
oh, by the way, sir, have you heard that general mireau... ordered his own battery commander, captain rousseau... to open fire on his own positions during the attack?
well, of course the captain refused without a written order... but general mireau demanded that he commence firing on our own trenches.
here are copies of the sworn statements from all the principals involved —
battery commander rousseau, captain nichols, the artillery spotter... the telephone clerk and, uh, my own deposition.
what has all this got to do with the charge against the condemned prisoners?
a general in a tantrum over the failure of an impossible attack... orders his artillery to fire on his own men.
now, this same officer on the same day... orders a court-martial in which three of his men are sentenced to be shot.
general, what would your, uh, newspapers and your politicians do with that?
"having been found guilty of cowardice in the face of the enemy...
"are to be executed by rifle fire immediately... in accordance with the judgment of the military court-martial."
but this one had a kind of splendor to it, don't you think?
i have never seen an affair of this sort handled any better.
colonel dax, i've always known that you were a disloyal officer... but i never dreamed that you would stoop to anything so low as this.
general, i have sworn statements from captain nichols, your artillery spotter...
you're making me the goat — the only completely innocent man in this whole affair.
i have only one last thing to say to you, george.
you really did want to save those men... and you were not angling for mireau's command.
you're an idealist, and i pity you as i would the village idiot.
and as my wife always says, "what is life without a little diversion?"
now, gentlemen, i give you our latest acquisition from the enemy.
as a matter of fact, she has absolutely no talent at all — except, that is, well, maybe a little natural talent?
the little lady can't dance, she can't tell any jokes... and she can't balance rubber balls on her little nose.
five weeks later the german army had smashed its way to within 18 miles of paris.
there, the battered french rallied their forces at the marne river and, in a series of unexpected counterattacks, drove the germans back.
the front was stabilised, then shortly afterwards developed into a continuous line of heavily fortified trenches, zigzagging their way 500 miles from the english channel to the swiss frontier.
by 1916, after two grisly years of trench warfare, the battle lines had changed very little.
they've held onto it for a year and it looks as if they'll hold onto it for another year.
i have orders to take the ant hill no later than the 10th, the day after tomorrow.
seriously, though, if a man's a ninny, let him put on a dress and hide under the bed.
but if he wants to be a soldier, then he's got to be one.
10%more in getting through no-man's-land, and 20%more getting through the wire.
that leaves 65%, with the worst part of the job over.
you're saying that more than half my men will be killed.
yes, it's a terrible price to pay, colonel, but we will have the ant hill.
if a commanding officer lacks confidence, what can we expect of his men?
i don't want to relieve you, but i must have your enthusiastic support.
if any soldiers in the world can take it, we'll take the ant hill.
and when you do, your men will be relieved and get a long rest.
endangering the lives of your men through recklessness, drunk on duty, wanton murder of one of your own men, and cowardice in the face of the enemy.
phillip, have you ever tried to bring charges against an officer?
sir, is 15 minutes of artillery preparation all that we can expect?
the feeling is that any more than that will give them too much time to get organised.
it's the same with me, because i know that it can chew you up worse than anything else.
if you're afraid of dying, you'd spend your life in a funk because you know you've got to go someday.
a good part of your men never left their own trenches.
colonel dax, i'm going to have 10 men from each company in your regiment tried under penalty of death for cowardice.
colonel dax, if you continue in this manner, you shall be arrested.
i believe the colonel has a point, even though he makes it bluntly.
this is not a trial, but it does bear aspects of one.
colonel dax technically is cast in the role of the defence.
if it's an example you want, one man will do as well as 100.
the logical choice is the officer most responsible for the attack.
general mireau feels that the attack on the ant hill failed because of an inadequate effort on the part of the 1st battalion.
each of you is to select one man from your company, place him under arrest, and have him ready to appear before a court martial at 1500 hours today.
besides, such charges against an officer would only antagonise the court.
when this is over, i'm going into the story of that patrol again.
this is a general court martial, so we shall dispense with unnecessary formalities.
these men are charged with cowardice in the face of the enemy, and will be tried for that offence.
this entire company advanced only a few metres, so picking by lot was eminently fair in this case.
this soldier has distinguished himself in some of the bloodiest battles of the war.
major vignon was shot and he fell back on top of me, sir, and knocked me cold.
were you lying unconscious in the trenches during the entire attack?
and i submit that that attack was a stain on the flag of france,
a blot on the honour of every man, woman and child in the french nation.
and lastly, i protest against the fact that no stenographic records of this trial have been kept.
the attack yesterday morning is no stain on the honour of france, and certainly no disgrace to the fighting men of this nation.
but this court martial is such a stain, and such a disgrace.
the case made against these men is a mockery of all human justice.
gentlemen of the court, to find these men guilty will be a crime to haunt each of you till the day you die.
i can't believe that the noblest impulse of man, his compassion for another, can be completely dead here.
it must all go off without a hitch and with the least possible delay.
it shouldn't be hurried, but there must be no fumbling around.
i've been put in charge and made personally responsible for any lack of order, or for any mistakes.
but you can take it from me that i shall pass on any blame, and with interest, to any one of you who fails in his duties.
well, father, to tell you the truth, i'm not very religious.
i know you're trying to help and i appreciate it, but if i started praying now i'd feel like a hypocrite.
five weeks later, the german army had smashed its way to within 18 miles of paris.
there, the battered french miraculously rallied their forces at the marne river and, in a series of unexpected counterattacks, drove the germans back.
the front was stabilized and shortly afterwards developed into a continuous line of heavily fortified trenches zigzagging their way 500 miles from the english channel to the swiss frontier.
by 1916, after two grisly years of trench warfare, the battle lines had changed very little.
they've held it for a year now, and it looks as though they'll hold it for another year if they want to.
i have formal orders to take the ant hill no later than the tenth.
i don't imagine i'd be here if i really thought that.
paul, if there's one man in this army who can do this for me, it's you.
one soldier's life means more to me than all the decorations in france.
so, you think this attack is absolutely beyond the ability of your men at this time?
seriously, though, if a man's a ninny, let him put on a dress and hide under the bed.
but if he wants to be a soldier, then by heavens, he's got to be one.
ten percent more in getting through no-man's-land, and 20 percent more getting through the wire.
that leaves 65 percent with the worst part of the job over.
let's say another 25 percent in actually taking the ant hill.
we're still left with a force more than adequate to hold it.
i don't need a flag waved to get me to charge.
i don't like your comparison of the flag of france to a bullfighter's cape.
naturally, i don't want to relieve you, but i must have enthusiastic support.
not once have you said that your men can take the ant hill.
endangering the lives of your men through recklessness, drunk on duty, wanton murder of one of your own men, and cowardice in the face of the enemy.
philip, have you ever tried to bring charges against an officer?
if you're really afraid of dying, you'd be living in a funk all the rest of your life because you know you've got to go someday, any day.
if it's death you're really afraid of, why should you care about what kills you?
the fact remains a good part of your men never left their own trenches.
colonel dax, i'm going to have ten men from each company in your regiment tried under penalty of death for cowardice.
i believe the colonel has a point, even though he makes it rather bluntly.
this is not a trial, but it does bear certain aspects of one, and colonel dax technically is cast in the role of the defense.
a court of inquiry ought to roast him a bit first.
well, in cases like shells falling short, i always try to avoid an inquiry.
it gets around among the men and makes a bad impression.
shelving will be the best discipline for him in my opinion.
general mireau feels that the attack on the ant hill yesterday morning failed because of an inadequate effort on the part of the first battalion.
each of you is to select one man from your company, place him under arrest, and have him appear before a general court-martial no later than 1500 hours this afternoon.
when we get clear of this, i'm going into the story of that patrol again.
sir, in my case, captain renouart had the sergeant draw lots.
i guess the rest of them had been killed or wounded.
you found yourself in the middle of no-man's-land alone with private meyer?
since this entire company advanced only a few meters, picking by lot was eminently fair in this case.
well, i'd like to point out that this soldier has distinguished himself in some of the bloodiest battles of the war.
it is to us that the sad, distressing, repellent duty falls, gentlemen.
i ask this court to find the accused guilty... and impose the penalties prescribed by the code of military justice.
gentlemen of the court, there are times when i'm ashamed to be a member of the human race, and this is one such occasion.
it's impossible for me to summarize the case for the defense since the court never allowed me a reasonable opportunity to present my case.
there has never been a written indictment of charges made against the defendants.
and lastly, i protest against the fact that no stenographic records of this trial have been kept.
the attack yesterday morning was no stain on the honor of france... and certainly no disgrace to the fighting men of this nation.
but this court-martial is such a stain and such a disgrace.
the case made against these men is a mockery of all human justice.
gentlemen of the court, to find these men guilty would be a crime, to haunt each of you till the day you die.
any sign of trouble, the prisoners will be instantly covered, and if the trouble doesn't subside at once, the prisoner will be shot.
everything must go off without a hitch with the least possible delay.
i've been put in charge and made personally responsible for any lack of order or any mistakes.
but you can take it from me that i shall pass on any blame, and with interest, to any one of you who fails in his duties.
how can you understand that and allow these men to be shot tomorrow?
come, colonel, you're choosing to take a rather simple view of this.
colonel dax, we think we're doing a good job running the war.
you must be aware the general staff is subject to unfair pressures from newspapers and politicians.
in any case, why should we have to bear any more criticism than we have to?
aside from the fact that many of your men never left the trenches, there's the troops' morale, don't forget.
these executions will be a perfect tonic for the entire division.
there are few things more fundamentally encouraging and stimulating than seeing someone else die.
just as a child wants his father to be firm, troops crave discipline.
one way to maintain discipline is to shoot a man now and then.
may i ask, do you sincerely believe all the things you've just said?
it's been a pleasure discussing this with you, colonel, but i'm afraid that i'd better be getting back to my guests.
here are copies of the sworn statements from all the principals involved.
battery commander rousseau, captain nichols, the artillery spotter, the telephone clerk, and my own deposition.
what has this got to do with the charge against the condemned prisoners?
a general in a tantrum over the failure of an impossible attack orders his artillery to fire on his own men.
the same officer on the same day orders a court-martial in which three of his men are sentenced to be shot.
general, what would your newspapers and your politicians do with that?
this is the last decision you'll have a chance to make on earth.
you can act like a man, or we'll have to drag you out of here.
you're making me the goat, the only completely innocent man in this whole affair.
i have only one last thing to say to you, george.
you've spoiled the keenness of your mind by wallowing in sentimentality.
you really did want to save those men, and you were not angling for mireau's command.
you're an idealist, and i pity you as i would the village idiot.
we're fighting a war, a war that we've got to win.
five weeks later, the german army had smashed its way to within 18 miles of paris.
there, the battered french miraculously rallied their forces at the marne river and, in a series of unexpected counterattacks, drove the germans back.
the front was stabilized and shortly afterwards developed into a continuous line of heavily fortified trenches zigzagging their way 500 miles from the english channel to the swiss frontier.
by 1916, after two grisly years of trench warfare, the battle lines had changed very little.
they've held it for a year now, and it looks as though they'll hold it for another year if they want to.
l have formal orders to take the ant hill no later than the tenth.
l don't imagine i'd be here if i really thought that.
paul, if there's one man in this army who can do this for me, it's you.
one soldier's life means more to me than all the decorations in france.
so, you think this attack is absolutely beyond the ability of your men at this time?
seriously, though, if a man's a ninny, let him put on a dress and hide under the bed.
but if he wants to be a soldier, then by heavens, he's got to be one.
ten percent more in getting through no-man's-land, and 20 percent more getting through the wire.
that leaves 65 percent with the worst part of the job over.
let's say another 25 percent in actually taking the ant hill.
we're still left with a force more than adequate to hold it.
l don't need a flag waved to get me to charge.
l don't like your comparison of the flag of france to a bullfighter's cape.
naturally, i don't want to relieve you, but i must have enthusiastic support.
not once have you said that your men can take the ant hill.
endangering the lives of your men through recklessness, drunk on duty, wanton murder of one of your own men, and cowardice in the face of the enemy.
philip, have you ever tried to bring charges against an officer?
lf you're really afraid of dying, you'd be living in a funk all the rest of your life because you know you've got to go someday, any day.
lf it's death you're really afraid of, why should you care about what kills you?
the fact remains a good part of your men never left their own trenches.
colonel dax, i'm going to have ten men from each company in your regiment tried under penalty of death for cowardice.
- l'm not gonna mince words... lf you continue in this manner, i shall have to place you under arrest.
l believe the colonel has a point, even though he makes it rather bluntly.
this is not a trial, but it does bear certain aspects of one, and colonel dax technically is cast in the role of the defense.
ln view of the charges, a court would grant latitude in presenting his case.
we can't leave it up to the men to decide whether an order is possible.
lf it was impossible, the only proof of that would be their dead bodies lying in the bottom of the trenches.
lf you want an example, one man will do as well as a hundred.
the logical choice is the officer most responsible for the attack.
let's get it settled once and for all so we can all live with it.
well, perhaps i was a bit too anxious to see proper justice meted out.
a court of inquiry ought to roast him a bit first.
well, in cases like shells falling short, i always try to avoid an inquiry.
lt gets around among the men and makes a bad impression.
shelving will be the best discipline for him in my opinion.
general mireau feels that the attack on the ant hill yesterday morning failed because of an inadequate effort on the part of the first battalion.
each of you is to select one man from your company, place him under arrest, and have him appear before a general court-martial no later than 1500 hours this afternoon.
when we get clear of this, i'm going into the story of that patrol again.
sir, in my case, captain renouart had the sergeant draw lots.
now, private arnaud, before you were ordered back, did you urge your fellow soldiers forward?
most were dead or wounded before they got three steps beyond the trenches.
lt's accepted practice in the french army to pick examples by lot.
since this entire company advanced only a few meters, picking by lot was eminently fair in this case.
well, i'd like to point out that this soldier has distinguished himself in some of the bloodiest battles of the war.
with the court's permission, i'll read citations for bravery that he's already earned on two occasions.
but you may call witnesses to the effect that he reached the german wire.
mr. president, no one in the entire regiment got anywhere near the german wire, including myself.
major vignon was shot, and he fell back on top of me, sir, and knocked me cold.
and were you lying unconscious in the trenches during the entire attack?
and i submit that that attack was a stain on the flag of france, a blot on the honor of every man, woman, and child in the french nation.
lt is to us that the sad, distressing, repellent duty falls, gentlemen.
and lastly, i protest against the fact that no stenographic records of this trial have been kept.
the attack yesterday morning was no stain on the honor of france... and certainly no disgrace to the fighting men of this nation.
but this court-martial is such a stain and such a disgrace.
the case made against these men is a mockery of all human justice.
gentlemen of the court, to find these men guilty would be a crime, to haunt each of you till the day you die.
l can't believe that the noblest impulse of man... his compassion for another...
but you can take it from me that i shall pass on any blame, and with interest, to any one of you who fails in his duties.
the execution will take place at 7:00 according to the verdict of the court-martial.
well, father, to tell you the truth, i'm not very religious.
l know you're trying to help, and i appreciate it, but if i started praying now i'd feel like a hypocrite.
how can you understand that and allow these men to be shot tomorrow?
come, colonel, you're choosing to take a rather simple view of this.
colonel dax, we think we're doing a good job running the war.
you must be aware the general staff is subject to unfair pressures from newspapers and politicians.
ln any case, why should we have to bear any more criticism than we have to?
aside from the fact that many of your men never left the trenches, there's the troops' morale, don't forget.
these executions will be a perfect tonic for the entire division.
there are few things more fundamentally encouraging and stimulating than seeing someone else die.
just as a child wants his father to be firm, troops crave discipline.
one way to maintain discipline is to shoot a man now and then.
may i ask, do you sincerely believe all the things you've just said?
lt's been a pleasure discussing this with you, colonel, but i'm afraid that i'd better be getting back to my guests.
here are copies of the sworn statements from all the principals involved.
battery commander rousseau, captain nichols, the artillery spotter, the telephone clerk, and my own deposition.
what has this got to do with the charge against the condemned prisoners?
a general in a tantrum over the failure of an impossible attack orders his artillery to fire on his own men.
the same officer on the same day orders a court-martial in which three of his men are sentenced to be shot.
general, what would your newspapers and your politicians do with that?
this is the last decision you'll have a chance to make on earth.
you can act like a man, or we'll have to drag you out of here.
sir, would you like me to suggest what you can do with that promotion?
colonel, you will apologize at once or shall be placed under arrest!
l apologize for not telling you sooner that you're a degenerate, sadistic old man.
and you can go to hell before i apologize to you now or ever again!
you really did want to save those men, and you were not angling for mireau's command.
you're an idealist, and i pity you as i would the village idiot.
there the battered french miraculously rallied at the marne river... and in a series of unexpected counterattacks, drove the germans back.
the front was stabilized and shortly afterwards... developed into a continuous line of heavily fortified trenches... zigzagging their way 500 miles... from the english channel to the swiss frontier.
by 1916, after two grisly years of trench warfare... the battle lines had changed very little.
successful attacks were measured in hundreds of yards... and paid for in lives by hundreds of thousands.
it's the key to the whole german position in this sector.
they've held it for a year now... and it looks as though they'll hold it for another year if they want to.
one soldier's life means more to me than all the decorations in france.
so, you think... this attack is absolutely beyond the ability of your men at this time?
i can't understand these armchair officers-- fellows trying to fight from behind a desk, waving papers at the enemy.
worrying about whether a mouse is going to run up their pants leg.
ten percent more in getting through no-man's-land... and 20 percent more getting through the wire.
that leaves 65 percent with the worst part of the job over.
let's say another 25 percent in actually taking the ant hill.
we're still left with a force more than adequate to hold it.
i don't need a flag waved to get me to charge.
i don't like your comparison of the flag of france to a bullfighter's cape.
naturally, i don't want to relieve you, but i must have enthusiastic support.
not once have you said that your men can take the ant hill.
third, refusing to obey an order and inciting others to do the same.
how do you think those charges are going to look on paper?
so far, all i have written in this report... is that you and lejeune were killed while out on patrol.
i'll fix this to read that you made your way back... after becoming separated during the skirmish.
sir, is 15 minutes of artillery preparation all that we can expect?
the feeling is that any more will give them too much time to get organized.
if, or perhaps i should say when, we take the ant hill... how long do we have to hold it before we can expect any support?
general mireau, who, by the way, will be personally observing the attack... has promised support from the 72nd by sundown tomorrow... which means, of course, that we'll have to hold all day.
i'd hate like the devil to be without my tin hat.
but i don't mind not having a tin hat for my tail.
because i know a wound to the head will hurt more than one in the tail.
the tail is just meat, but the head-- the head is all bone.
if you're really afraid of dying... you'd be living in a funk all the rest of your life... because you know you've got to go someday, any day.
if death is what you really fear, why should you care about what kills you?
if you continue in this manner, i shall be forced to place you under arrest.
i believe the colonel has a point, even though he makes it rather bluntly.
this is not a trial, but it does bear certain aspects of one... and colonel dax technically is cast in the role of the defense.
in view of the charges, a court would grant latitude in presenting his case.
we can't leave it up to the men to decide whether an order is possible.
if it was impossible, the only proof of that would be their dead bodies... lying in the trenches.
if you want an example... one man will do as well as a hundred.
the logical choice is the officer most responsible for the attack.
let's get it settled once and for all, so we can all live with it.
well, perhaps i was a bit too anxious to see proper justice meted out.
a court of inquiry ought to roast him a bit first.
well, in cases like shells falling short, i always try to avoid an inquiry.
it gets around among the men and makes a bad impression.
shelving will be the best discipline for him in my opinion.
general mireau feels that the attack on the ant hill yesterday morning... failed because of an inadequate effort on the part of the first battalion.
each of you is to select one man from your company... place him under arrest and have him appear before a general court martial... no later than 1500 hours this afternoon.
when we get clear of this, i'm going into the story of that patrol again.
sir, in my case, captain renouart had the sergeant draw lots.
i guess the rest of them had been killed or wounded.
you found yourself in the middle of no-man's-land alone with private meyer?
since this entire company advanced only a few meters... picking by lot was eminently fair in this case.
well, i'd like to point out that this soldier has distinguished himself... in some of the bloodiest battles of the war.
it is to us that the sad... distressing, repellent duty falls, gentlemen.
i ask this court... to find the accused guilty... and impose the penalties prescribed by the code of military justice.
gentlemen of the court, there are times when i'm ashamed... to be a member of the human race, and this is one such occasion.
it's impossible for me to summarize the case for the defense since... the court never allowed me a reasonable opportunity to present my case.
there has never been a written indictment of charges... made against the defendants.
and lastly i protest against the fact that... no stenographic records of this trial have been kept.
the attack yesterday morning was no stain on the honor of france... and certainly no disgrace to the fighting men of this nation.
but this court martial is such a stain... and such a disgrace.
the case made against these men is a mockery of all human justice.
gentlemen of the court... to find these men guilty would be a crime... to haunt each of you till the day you die.
but you can take it from me that i shall pass on any blame and with interest... to any one of you who fails in his duties.
the execution will take place at 7:00... according to the verdict of the court martial.
first you help the sergeant tie the men to the post... and offer the men blindfolds-- if they want them, you tie them on.
now, you take your position with the firing squad, you raise your sword:
i must apologize for not inviting you to the party tonight... but i'm afraid that it's a dress affair.
thank you, sir, but i must confess... that this is not entirely a social visit.
though, i must admit that judging.... from the casualties, the efforts of your regiment must have been considerable.
how can you understand that and allow these men to be shot tomorrow?
one way to maintain discipline is to shoot a man now and then.
may i ask... do you sincerely believe the things you've said?
but general mireau demanded that he commence firing on our own trenches.
well, again, rousseau refused without an order in writing... but again he was ordered and again he refused... all in front of witnesses.
battery commander rousseau, captain nichols, the artillery spotter... the telephone clerk and my own deposition.
what has this got to do with the charge against the condemned prisoners?
a general in a tantrum over the failure of an impossible attack... orders his artillery to fire on his own men.
the same officer on the same day orders a court martial... in which three of his men are sentenced to be shot.
sir, would you like me to suggest what you can do with that promotion?
colonel, you will apologize at once or shall be placed under arrest!
i apologize for not telling you sooner... that you're a degenerate, sadistic old man.
and you can go to hell before i apologize to you now or ever again!
you really did want to save those men... and you were not angling for mireau's command.
you're an idealist, and i pity you as i would the village idiot.
sort of a-- sort of a little diversion, as it were.
and my wife always says, "what is life without a little diversion?"
there, the battered french rallied their forces at the marne river and, in a series of unexpected counterattacks, drove the germans back.
the front was stabilised, then shortly afterwards developed into a continuous line of heavily fortified trenches, zigzagging their way 500 miles from the english channel to the swiss frontier.
by 1916, after two grisly years of trench warfare, the battle lines had changed very little.
successful attacks were measured in hundreds of yards, and paid for in lives by hundreds of thousands.
the life of one soldier means more to me than all the stars and honours in france.
so... you think this attack is beyond the ability of your men at this time?
worrying whether a mouse is going to run up their pants leg.
if i had the choice between mice and mausers, i'd take the mice every time.
but if he wants to be a soldier, then he's got to be one.
he's got to fight, and he can't do that unless he's where the fighting is.
we're still left with a force more than adequate to hold it.
you're saying that more than half my men will be killed.
i don't want to relieve you, but i must have your enthusiastic support.
not once have you said that your men can take the ant hill.
so far, all i have written in this report is that you and lejeune were killed while out on patrol.
i'll make it read that you made your way back after getting separated in the skirmish.
i'd give anything in the world if it hadn't had happened.
honestly, i know you don't like me, but what kind of a man do you think i am?
perhaps i should say when we take the ant hill, how long do we have to hold it before we can expect any support?
general mireau, who will be personally observing the attack, has promised support from the 72nd by sundown tomorrow, which means, of course, that we'll have to hold all day.
if you're afraid of dying, you'd spend your life in a funk because you know you've got to go someday.
and if it's death you're afraid of, why should you care about what kills you?
i believe the colonel has a point, even though he makes it bluntly.
this is not a trial, but it does bear aspects of one.
colonel dax technically is cast in the role of the defence.
with such grave charges, a court of law would grant him latitude in presenting his case.
we can't leave it up to the men to decide when an order is possible or not.
if it was impossible, the only proof would be their dead bodies lying in the trenches.
let's get it settled once and for all so that we can all live with it.
well, perhaps i was a bit too anxious to see proper justice meted out.
in cases like this, shells falling short, i always try to avoid an inquiry.
it gets around among the men and makes a bad impression.
colonel dax, when this mess is cleaned up, i'll break you.
i'll find an ex cuse and break you to the ranks.
when this is over, i'm going into the story of that patrol again.
sir, in my case, captain renoir had the sergeant draw lots.
before you were ordered back, did you urge your fellow soldiers forward?
most of them were dead or wounded before they'd taken three steps.
it's accepted practice in the french army to pick examples by lot.
this entire company advanced only a few metres, so picking by lot was eminently fair in this case.
this soldier has distinguished himself in some of the bloodiest battles of the war.
with your permission, i'll read citations for bravery that he's already earned on two occasions.
but you may call witnesses to the effect that he reached the german wire.
mr president, no one in the entire regiment got anywhere near the german wire, including myself.
a blot on the honour of every man, woman and child in the french nation.
it is to us that the sad, distressing, repellent duty falls.
gentlemen, there are times when i'm ashamed to belong to the human race, and this is one such occasion.
it's impossible for me to summarise the case for the defence, since the court never allowed me an opportunity to present my case.
there has never been a written indictment of charges made against the defendants.
and lastly, i protest against the fact that no stenographic records of this trial have been kept.
the attack yesterday morning is no stain on the honour of france, and certainly no disgrace to the fighting men of this nation.
but this court martial is such a stain, and such a disgrace.
the case made against these men is a mockery of all human justice.
gentlemen of the court, to find these men guilty will be a crime to haunt each of you till the day you die.
if the trouble doesn't subside at once, the prisoner will be shot.
it must all go off without a hitch and with the least possible delay.
it shouldn't be hurried, but there must be no fumbling around.
i've been put in charge and made personally responsible for any lack of order, or for any mistakes.
but you can take it from me that i shall pass on any blame, and with interest, to any one of you who fails in his duties.
execution will take place at seven o'clock, according to the verdict of the court martial.
back in my home town, there was a café with an amusing sign over the bar.
it read "do not be afraid to ask for credit for our way of refusing is very polite."
of course, you offer the men blindfolds and... if they want them, you tie them on.
you take your position with the firing squad, raise your sword - ready, aim, fire.
then you draw your revolver out, you walk forward, and put a bullet through each man's head.
sir, i request that i be ex cused from this duty.
thank you, sir, but i must confess that this is not entirely a social visit.
oh, come, dax, let's not go over all that ground again.
but judging by the casualties, the efforts of your regiment must have been notable.
how can you understand that and allow these men to be shot?
one way to maintain discipline is to shoot a man now and then.
may i ask... do you sincerely believe all the things you've just said?
but general mireau demanded that he commence firing on our own trenches.
rousseau refused without an order in writing, but again he was ordered, and again he refused... all in front of witnesses.
what has all this got to do with the charge against the prisoners?
a general in a tantrum over the failure of an impossible attack orders his artillery to fire on his own men.
now, the same officer on the same day orders a court martial in which three of his men are sentenced to be shot.
general, what would your newspapers and your politicians do with that?
corporal phillip paris, private maurice ferol, and private pierre arnaud of the 701st regiment, having been found guilty of cowardice in the face of the enemy,
are to be executed by rifle fire immediately, in accordance with the judgment of the military court martial.
colonel dax, i've always known that you were a disloyal officer, but i never dreamed that you would stoop to anything this low.
general, i have sworn statements from captain nichols, your artillery spotter,
you're making me the goat - the only completely innocent man in this whole affair.
i have only one last thing to say to you, george.
you have spoiled the keenness of your mind by wallowing in sentimentality.
you really did want to save those men, and you were not angling for mireau's command.
as my wife always says, what is life without a little diversion?
now, gentlemen, i give you our latest acquisition from the enemy.
one of them does jobs for prusa the chemist, and one day he drank a bottle of hair - oil by mistake...
- but mr. schweik, it's the archduke ferdinand, the one from konopiste, you know, the fat, pious one.
- they shot him at sarajevo, with a revolver, you know.
he was riding there with his archduchess in a motor - car.
- there's some revolvers, mrs. muller, that won't go off if you tried till you was dotty!
but they are sure to have bought something better than that for the archduke!
and i wouldn't mind betting, mrs. muller, that the fellow that did it put on his sunday bests for the job.
you know, this is net a case of a poacher shooting a gamekeeper.
for a job like this, you have to wear a top - hat, or else the police would run you in before you got near him.
- i hear there was a whole lot of them, mr. schweik.
- innkeeper, you used to have a picture of the emperor hanging there...
- that's right, it used to hang there, but flies left their trade - marks all over it, so i put it into the attic.
our company commander, a fellow called makovec, always used to say:
there's got to be discipline, you thick-headed louts, or else you'd be crawling about like monkeys on trees!"
it was done by the turks, because of bosnia and herzegovina.
they're cross, because our emperor did not help them in the war with serbia.
people like us, who have a business to look after, can't be bothered with polities.
pay for your drink, and you can sit down and talk what you like!
- we are not drunk, to make nasty remarks about the emperor!
- and what sort of natty remarks about the emperor do people make when they are...
- the offences you have committed show, that you have got all your wits about you!
insulting his royal highness, approval of the murder of the archduke, making fun of the state mourning, inciting rebellion...
when they told me to sign, i just did what they told me to.
i'm not going to quarrel with them over my own signature.
i have neither voice nor ear, but i shall do it to please you, if you want to have some fun.
oh, the monk in the armchair yonder, in his hand he bows his head...
the undersigned medical authorities, agree on the complete creationism of joseph schweik, who expresses himself in terms such as
"long live our emperor franz joseph the first!"...a remark, which completely suffices to demonstrate
that s the emperor s proclamation to say, that war has been declared!
- i saw it coming, but in the asylum they don t know anything about it yet, although they should be the first to get it.
we thought you'd turn over a new leaf, but we seem to have been mistaken!
tell me, mr. schweik, who was it that induced you to indulge in such silly tricks?
- it fairly riled me to see them all reading the royal proclamation and not showing any pleasure about it at all, nobody shouted hooray or called for cheers!
so i, being an old soldier, had to shout these words!
- when a man is being run in by a police officer, it is a critical moment in his life.
and, if at such a moment, a man does not for - get to do the proper thing, that is not a bad thing at all.
- i'd be very sorry if you'd have to state to your company commander that it was my fault you overslept the mobilisation.
see for your self, here it is, there's a war on!
austria's in a bad way, that's why they are calling me up.
even our evening paper admits now, that our dear fatherland is threatened by dark clouds.
the confectioner round the corner has just the thing i want.
years ago, he used to wheel his lame, wicked grandfather in it.
you are wrong, i have it here, written cut quite clearly!
- to appear before the authorities, clean, tidy and in a sober state...
- beg to report, sir, my ability to speak and my hearing seem to be returning.
- good, but you'll have your enema before you go, so you can't complain we didn't cure you here!
- the most sacred emotions were touchingly demonstrated by a cripple, who was being wheeled along in a bath - chair by an old woman.
"to belgrade!", shouted this worthy son of the czech nation, who enlisted in the army, in order to prove his fidelity to the emperor.
the best thing is to have petrol injected under the skin!
that gives you a fine, high temperature, which makes you want to jump out of the window!
i've finished, you loafers, and i want you to behave properly during mass!
and not like last time, when some of you fellows at the back were swapping government linen for grub!
- i beg to report, sir, that i was really shamming.
i saw that what your sermon needed was the reformed sinner, so i tried to oblige.
on pankrac hill, right on the top of it, trees are planted.
i had a girl friend, now someone else has got her!
- beg to report, sir, that bloke is very difficult to dispose of, just like a certain bouska from liben.
they once kicked him out of exeter's eighteen times and he always returned saying that he'd left his pipe behind.
- i hope i'm right in assuming that you came to get money for the check i gave you?
- yes, chaplain, and i hope, that i won't have to leave without it!
once, i took a young woman home with me, and just as we were getting on fine together, my charwomen brought me the coffee.
she didn't half have a fright, poured all the hot coffee down my back and said "good morning" on top of it.
- do as i told you take those suitcases into the room!
- lady, the only order i got was to get a stable dog.
- the best thing, sir, would be to dispatch her home, and "express registered"!
i know of a similar case that happened too at vsenory last year.
- as soon as i've finished my job of training volunteer officers.
we need a lot of new officers, you know, and it's very sad that most people prefer to remain plain privates in the infantry.
the eastern bezkyds and the carpathians are excellent pivotal centres for us.
one strong blow on this line and we shan t stop till we get to moscow!
- do you know i feel like sending you before a military court.
but they'd let you go all the same, because they've never seen anything so stupid in their entire lives.
one of them does jobs for prusa the chemist, and one day he drank a bottle of hair-oil by mistake...
- but mr. schweik, it's the archduke ferdinand, the one from konopiste, you know, the fat, pious one.
- there's some revolvers, mrs. muller, that won't go off if you tried till you was dotty!
but they are sure to have bought something better than that for the archduke!
and i wouldn't mind betting, mrs. muller, that the fellow that did it put on his sunday bests for the job.
you know, this is net a case of a poacher shooting a gamekeeper.
for a job like this, you have to wear a top-hat, or else the police would run you in before you got near him.
- i hear there was a whole lot of them, mr. schweik.
- innkeeper, you used to have a picture of the emperor hanging there...
- that's right, it used to hang there, but flies left their trade-marks all over it, so i put it into the attic.
our company commander, a fellow called makovec, always used to say:
there's got to be discipline, you thick-headed louts, or else you'd be crawling about like monkeys on trees!"
it was done by the turks, because of bosnia and herzegovina.
they're cross, because our emperor did not help them in the war with serbia.
people like us, who have a business to look after, can't be bothered with polities.
pay for your drink, and you can sit down and talk what you like!
- we are not drunk, to make nasty remarks about the emperor!
- and what sort of natty remarks about the emperor do people make when they are...
- the offences you have committed show, that you have got all your wits about you!
insulting his royal highness, approval of the murder of the archduke, making fun of the state mourning, inciting rebellion...
when they told me to sign, i just did what they told me to.
i'm not going to quarrel with them over my own signature.
i have neither voice nor ear, but i shall do it to please you, if you want to have some fun.
oh, the monk in the armchair yonder, in his hand he bows his head...
the undersigned medical authorities, agree on the complete creationism of joseph schweik, who expresses himself in terms such as
, long live our emperor franz joseph the first!"...a remark, which completely suffices to demonstrate
that s the emperor s proclamation to say, that war has been declared!
- i saw it coming, but in the asylum they don t know anything about it yet, although they should be the first to get it.
we thought you'd turn over a new leaf, but we seem to have been mistaken!
tell me, mr. schweik, who was it that induced you to indulge in such silly tricks?
- well, isn't it a silly trick to cause a crow to collect and incite them by shouting:
, long live the emperor franz joseph, we'll win this war!"?
- it fairly riled me to see them all reading the royal proclamation and not showing any pleasure about it at all, nobody shouted hooray or called for cheers!
so i, being an old soldier, had to shout these words!
- when a man is being run in by a police officer, it is a critical moment in his life.
and, if at such a moment, a man does not for-get to do the proper thing, that is not a bad thing at all.
- i'd be very sorry if you'd have to state to your company commander that it was my fault you overslept the mobilisation.
see for your self, here it is, there's a war on!
austria's in a bad way, that's why they are calling me up.
even our evening paper admits now, that our dear fatherland is threatened by dark clouds.
the confectioner round the corner has just the thing i want.
years ago, he used to wheel his lame, wicked grandfather in it.
you are wrong, i have it here, written cut quite clearly!
- to appear before the authorities, clean, tidy and in a sober state...
- beg to report, sir, my ability to speak and my hearing seem to be returning.
- good, but you'll have your enema before you go, so you can't complain we didn't cure you here!
- the most sacred emotions were touchingly demonstrated by a cripple, who was being wheeled along in a bath-chair by an old woman.
, to belgrade!", shouted this worthy son of the czech nation, who enlisted in the army, in order to prove his fidelity to the emperor.
the best thing is to have petrol injected under the skin!
that gives you a fine, high temperature, which makes you want to jump out of the window!
i've finished, you loafers, and i want you to behave properly during mass!
and not like last time, when some of you fellows at the back were swapping government linen for grub!
- i beg to report, sir, that i was really shamming.
i saw that what your sermon needed was the reformed sinner, so i tried to oblige.
on pankrac hill, right on the top of it, trees are planted.
i had a girl friend, now someone else has got her!
- beg to report, sir, that bloke is very difficult to dispose of, just like a certain bouska from liben.
they once kicked him out of exeter's eighteen times and he always returned saying that he'd left his pipe behind.
- i hope i'm right in assuming that you came to get money for the check i gave you?
- yes, chaplain, and i hope, that i won't have to leave without it!
once, i took a young woman home with me, and just as we were getting on fine together, my charwomen brought me the coffee.
she didn't half have a fright, poured all the hot coffee down my back and said, good morning" on top of it.
- do as i told you take those suitcases into the room!
- lady, the only order i got was to get a stable dog.
- the best thing, sir, would be to dispatch her home, and, express registered"!
i know of a similar case that happened too at vsenory last year.
- as soon as i've finished my job of training volunteer officers.
we need a lot of new officers, you know, and it's very sad that most people prefer to remain plain privates in the infantry.
the eastern bezkyds and the carpathians are excellent pivotal centres for us.
one strong blow on this line and we shan t stop till we get to moscow!
- do you know i feel like sending you before a military court.
but they'd let you go all the same, because they've never seen anything so stupid in their entire lives.
he was riding there with his archduchess in a motor car.
- fancy that, mrs. muller, what a bad end a ride in a motor car can have!
but they are sure to have used something better than that for the archduke!
and i wouldn't mind betting, mrs. muller, that the fellow who did it put on his sunday best for the job.
u ou know, this is not a case of a poacher shooting a gamekeeper.
for a job like this, you have to wear a top hat, or else the police would run you in before you got near him.
- that's right, it used to hang there, but flies left their trademarks all over it, so i put it into the attic.
u ou see, somebody might pass a remark about it and then there would be trouble.
pay for your drink, and you can sit down and talk about what you like!
- all right, innkeeper, but you'll have to admit that it's a great loss to austria.
one word leads to another and then you might be sorry!
- we are not drunk enough to make nasty remarks about the emperor!
- follow me into the alley and i'll tell you something.
- let me have another slivovitz and i shall have to go, you know, i've just been arrested.
and just when the party was going fine, a gentleman came around and told us to stop, that austria was in mourning.
so i said: "just wait a moment, wait till they've played 'hey, slovane"'.
- so was jesus christ, and they crucified him for all that!
well, nobody has ever anywhere at anytime, cared a damn whether a man's innocent or not
- the offences you have committed show, that you have got all your wits about you!
insulting his royal highness, approval of the murder of the archduke, making fun of the state mourning, inciting rebellion...
when they told me to sign, i just did what they told me to.
i'm not going to quarrel with them over my own signature.
i have neither voice nor ear, but i shall do it to please you, if you want to have some fun.
oh, the monk in the armchair yonder, in his hand he bows his head...
the undersigned medical authorities, agree on the complete insanity of joseph schweik, who expresses himself in terms such as
"long live our emperor franz joseph the first!"...a remark, which completely suffices to demonstrate
that's the emperor's proclamation to say, that war has been declared!
- i saw it coming, but in the asylum they don't know anything about it yet, although they should be the first to get it.
we thought you'd turn over a new leaf, but we seem to have been mistaken!
tell me, mr. schweik, who was it that induced you to indulge in such silly tricks?
- it fairly riled me to see them all reading the royal proclamation and not showing any pleasure about it at all, nobody shouted hooray or called for cheers!
so i, being an old soldier, had to shout these words!
- when a man is being run in by a police officer, it is a critical moment in his life.
and, if at such a moment, a man does not forget to do the proper thing, that is not a bad thing at all.
austria's in a bad way, that's why they are calling me up.
even our evening paper admits now, that our dear fatherland is threatened by dark clouds.
the confectioner around the corner has just the thing i want.
u ears ago, he used to wheel his lame, wicked grandfather in it.
u ou are wrong, i have it here, written out quite clearly!
- to appear before the authorities, clean, tidy and in a sober state...
- beg to report, sir, my ability to speak and my hearing seem to be returning.
- good, but you'll have your enema before you go, so you can't complain we didn't cure you here!
- the most sacred emotions were touchingly demonstrated by a cripple, who was being wheeled along in a bath chair by an old woman.
"to belgrade!", shouted this worthy son of the czech nation, who enlisted in the army, in order to prove his fidelity to the emperor.
the best thing is to have petrol injected under the skin!
that gives you an elevated temperature, which makes you want to jump out of the window!
i pump your stomachs, i give you enemas, and the moment i turn my back you try to kill yourselves by overeating!
all of them are to have their stomachs pumped out, immediately!
she abandoned me at a tender age and now she's found me again.
- give him another enema and then send him straight to jail!
and that you must see through a dark cloud into the distant space!
and know, that everything here lasts only for a short time.
god is merciful, but only towards decent people, and not for a gang of rotters, who take no notice of god's laws and the army's regulations!
u ou don't even know how to pray, and you think this some sort of a show or circus.
u ou're crying now, but when you get back to your cell, you'll be just as big a louse as before!
i've finished, you loafers, and i want you to behave properly during mass!
on pankrac hill, right on the top of it, trees are planted.
on pankrac hill, right on the top of it, trees are planted.
i had a girl friend, now someone else has got her!
i had a girl friend, now someone else has got her!
u ou know, after all, we shouldn't drink to you health...
- tell us, why are they going to string you up?
i'll give you three addresses to go to and borrow money.
u ou'll go to bruska street to captain schnabel's and ask him to lend me a hundred crowns.
i was wondering all the time, why there are notices everywhere, about not spitting on the floor!
now i know, it's because of you, you must be a very well known person!
- u ou've made a nice mess of it, i must say!
- don't you worry, chaplain, i gave them the address of a deaf lady down our street.
- he was that persevering, he could have become a cabinet minister.
- i hope that i'm not here to be made fun of!
- i insist that you listen to what i have to say!
- i hope i'm right in assuming that you came to get money for the check i gave you?
i'd been driving him around for two hours before i managed to squeeze an address out of him.
he's been sick all over my cab and now i can't get any money out of him!
tell me, do you know what a batman is supposed to do?
- a batman is an officer's servant, boot - polish and pipe - cleaner.
- beg to report, sir, i was discharged from doing my regular service, for being feeble minded.
there were two of us discharged for the same reason at the time - me and a captain von kaunitz.
i know what it means to come at the wrong time.
once, i took a young woman home with me, and just as we were getting on fine together, my charwomen brought me the coffee.
- the best thing, sir, would be to dispatch her home, as "express registered"!
i know of a similar case that happened too at vsenory last year.
- as soon as i've finished my job of training volunteer officers.
we need a lot of new officers, you know, and it's very sad that most people prefer to remain plain privates in the infantry.
the eastern bezkyds and the carpathians are excellent pivotal centers for us.
one strong blow on this line and we shan't stop till we get to moscow!
- do you know i feel like sending you before a military court.
but they'd let you go all the same, because they've never seen anything so stupid in their entire lives.
carl, how much of a reward do you think you might get, huh?
whoever you turn that money into is sure gonna give you a big reward.
you can advertise or you can check the ads or you can turn the article over to the police lost and found department.
if at the end of six months, the owner hasn't claimed the article, you can claim it for yourself.
suppose that cop last night had called up and said he was coming to collect for the police fund.
you think i'd given him $5 if i'd had the chance to think it over?
why don't you call him up and ask him on the telephone first how much it's gonna be?
what's there to keep him from changing his mind between now and when i give him the money?
or maybe i might even call the police lost and found.
i think they'd be very interested to know how long you kept that money.
aside from its purchasing power, it's completely useless as far as i'm concerned.
unfortunately, the leading characters in tonight's play do not share my detachment.
the tips i get from them cheapskate tenants, we could starve.
the tenants think a janitor's a dog or something, good enough to throw him a bone.
yeah, you ought to handle garbage and ash-cans all day and see how your hands would look!
carl, how much of a reward do you think you might get, huh?
i bet they might even give you $100 maybe or more.
how do you think i'm gonna return it, no name, no nothing.
if there is no identification, you can do one of three things.
you can advertise or you can check the ads or you can turn the article over to the police lost and found department.
by the time i give him the money, i'll be lucky if i get $20.
why don't you call him up and ask him on the telephone first how much it's gonna be?
what's there to keep him from changing his mind between now and when i give him the money?
gee, i can't hardly wait to find out how much that reward's gonna be, carl.
you got it now but you ain't gonna have it long.
because right now you're gonna get on the telephone and phone that store and tell them to come and get that coat!
i think they'd be very interested to know how long you kept that money.
you remember that the policeman said that there was a law against it.
it was surpassed only by the amount of coffee that was sold.
by the way, i thought my money tree was a bad influence on me.
you'd think after 17 years we could be trusted to open our own mail.
that's the trouble with this office, there's no power of decision.
of course, i've never seen any of it, but i do have it on good authority.
someday i'm going to walk out of here and stall their blasted machinery.
the only way to beat the system, my dear friend, is to inherit a million dollars.
and i believe that the base metals are a sound speculation, provided you can liquidate enough of the peterson estates.
here is opportunity pounding at your door and you won't risk a few miserable dollars.
you realize you can get at least three to one odds.
you're the kind that has to believe that there's a great day coming.
that lightning will strike, or you're gonna find a pot of gold at the end of the rainbow.
but i do know this, that predicting the future is a scientific impossibility!
and, ronald, if you're gonna be sucker enough to believe it, well, i'll try to smuggle a hacksaw into you.
you know, of course, it's contrary to regulations to give out any information on post office boxes.
i understand that, you see, but it's vitally important that i contact this man.
mr. benedict, i appreciate your reluctance to admit that you were fleeced.
but we'll require all the evidence we can get for a conviction.
he sent out thousands of letters to people offering to make them rich.
half of them he advised to bet on mayor twiss to be reelected.
he now has 1,000 people who begin to believe in his power.
after another four letters he's reduced the number to 125 customers, who are absolutely convinced he's an authentic prophet.
as for our story, it is called "the mail order prophet. "
and it too is set in the background of stocks and bonds.
they feed raw material here, and somewhere down the line money pours out.
of course, i've never seen any of it, but i do have it on good authority.
there appears to be additional mail for you this morning, grimes.
since it's marked personal, i assumed it wasn't a business letter.
no, it only proves he's had a phenomenal run of good luck and nothing more.
the law of averages has to beat him in the end.
but if i could just lay my hands on some real money, just for a few days, i'd clear enough to retire.
if you're considering what i think you are, you're not going to retire to the bahamas, you're going to retire to sing sing.
oh, sure, you can borrow a few thousand over the weekend.
but when the tuesday audit comes around, you'd better have a good story, because you sure aren't going to have the money.
i'll admit i don't know how he's always been right so far.
but i do know this, that predicting the future is a scientific impossibility!
i understand that, you see, but it's vitally important that i contact this man.
then i'd suggest you write to him care of his box number.
half of them he advised to bet on mayor twiss to be reelected.
the other half were told that hampton would be the winner.
don't you get any of these things signed, "radiant," "euphoric," "tickled pink"?
there's got to be some happy people left in san francisco.
police there got a buzz she's shacking up here... with a 5-cent ganef named giralda.
two l.a. detectives flew in and smoked this giralda out last night.
i'm here with my partner, lieutenant doyle, to do a job.
we were sent by the los angeles authorities to find a woman wanted for murder... not to give interviews to the press.
i gave him the address of an old hook and eye shop.
by the time he gets back... you'll have dana booked, charged, wrapped up... ready for the trip to los angeles.
maybe you could manage the job, if your husband wouldn't object.
not if we let him arrange it with your wife first.
i feel sorry for all people who make fools of themselves.
dealing three bullets to your husband when he isn't looking... is more than making a fool of yourself.
murder starts here, the part that has nothing to do with the brain.
american airlines flight 892 for los angeles, now boarding at gate 7.
"charlie is one of the most wonderful men i've ever worked with."
the captain gets along well with the men he works with.
if i'd ever be rash enough to admit to another birthday, mrs. doyle...
i'll have you arrange the party for me... even if i must get a warrant to do it.
the commissioner threatens me with a warrant to arrange a party for him.
and i wouldn't put it past you to make my own husband serve it.
what else has life got to offer in the final settlement?
maybe the answer might be found in a file i keep in my office:
the only way you can make me unhappy is to stop loving me like that.
you know, kathy... there's something going on that i don't understand.
i told him my mind was already made up, but that i'd talk it over with you.
he said to tell you that he personally asked that we reconsider.
i don't know whether or not alidos did go for his gun.
i did come busting in with the intent of beating him up.
this entire issue is muddied and a disgrace to both of you.
it's my feeling that a full hearing of this case could serve no purpose... except to damage, unjustly, the prestige of the department.
you've got to leave me some justification for what i did.
i need it, to be able to go on living with bill... to be able to look at myself, to be able to....
"dear kathy ferguson i read your wonderful column every day but now i need your help and have no other one to turn to.
would it be wrong to run away with the wonderful man i love but my mother does not like him?
that dana woman wanted in los angeles for the killing of her husband.
police there got a buzz she's shacking up here with a 5-cent ganef named giralda.
i'm here with my partner, lieutenant doyle, to do a job.
we were sent by the los angeles authorities to find a woman wanted for murder, not to give interviews to the press.
your work should be raising a family having dinner ready for your husband when he gets home.
all right, already, somebody ordered a cream cheese and lox on a bagel.
"dear mary dana i write to you from the heart of one woman to the heart of another."
"now you are deserted by him in whom you have placed all your faith and all your love."
"when we are alone women tortured by fate betrayed by all men."
"where can we turn except to the heart and understanding of another woman who knows what you're suffering?"
before i tell you that, there are one or two things we should agree upon.
miss ferguson, mary dana is wanted for the murder of her husband.
tell me who handles you for helping little old ladies across the street?
well, maybe you could manage the job, if your husband wouldn't object.
"mary," he says, " charlie is one of the most wonderful men i've worked with."
the captain gets along with all the men he works with.
is this what you have to look forward to, this mediocrity?
this waiting to be wrapped away in mothballs of a pension?
the commissioner threatens me with a warrant to arrange a party for him.
and i wouldn't put it past you to make my own husband serve it.
maybe the answer might be found in a file i keep in my office:
strange offences committed by seemingly normal people all of them searching for an answer.
i did come busting in with the intent of beating him up.
and i guess he knew it when he saw my face.
on the other hand, neither can we find justification for indiscriminate gunplay in the squad rooms.
this entire issue is muddied and a disgrace to both of you.
now it's all mixed up with me, inside, living with myself.
you've got to leave me some justification for what i did.
what did inga say when you told her you knew she was running out with tony?
she said it was the first time she'd heard about it.
jacobsen had to do it as you were fools enough to hire a thief for a messenger.
and do you think they hadn't learnt that martinelli had a ticket to rome?
i've not seen that kind of money in my whole life.
mike, good or bad, i don't know what you're talking about.
in all the cities of europe and the united states our paper goes into circulation.
in one day, one hour, we make a profit of two million.
these phone-lines are cut and i've got to get out of here.
when i'm gone, get to the nearest phone, call knudsen and tell him what happened.
oh, the fine print they put in an actor's contract these days.
well, be that as it may, i'm tony randall, and i'm appearing in this motion picture with a fascinating and beautiful performer... a talented and gorgeous star with a fabulous figure...
i think you'll agree that her figure is somewhat more interesting than mine... if you're interested in that sort of thing.
well, we also have several other fine performers aboard... all of whom are appearing in this delightful motion picture entitled...
no matter how many lushes you know, with the slip-easy, pop-up, finger-touch ice trays, you have enough ice cubes for all.
shelton's beer is brewed crystal clear from the streams deep in the florida swamps.
it not only easy-cleans those dirty, filthy clothes, but it's so gentle on each garment, so gentle that it makes washday a day to remember.
you won't forget washday if you use the easy clean washing machine.
jenny and i fell in love one night last year, that night we were supposed to be working overtime.
that's my immediate superior, henry rufus, a vice president of lsj, r, p c, and the accountant executive of stay-put lipstick, our most important client.
we take you first to hollywood, where movie fans are agog over the recent movements of rita marlowe.
mystery surrounds the departure of the cinema queen from the cinema capital.
soon to be seen with cary grant in kiss them for me.
now for our early-morning wake-up show, sponsored by the last chance mortuary.
this idea is to start kids using stay-put at an early age.
you see, gentlemen, as a parent, i know from experience that all teenagers are kiss-happy.
well, i propose that stay-put sponsor a teenage kissing contest, hold semifinals across the country, fly the best smoochers to new york for the finals, make it a colour spectacular, get lawrence welk to do the music.
we have the kids kiss their way to the first plateau and then put them in the osculation booth.
i'm not making trouble, i'm trying to get us out of trouble.
i beat my brains out last night, mr la salle, and on my own time.
this was after sincere ties got that insincere look, but before grey flannel took over.
i thought a pipe would give me a successful, gregory peck look.
half of me wanted success, while the other half wanted failure.
i couldn't make up my mind whether to inhale or exhale.
mr rufus said the man you bumped into is mr ezzarus, president of stay-put.
he saw your layouts and loved the idea of using rita marlowe.
he told junior that if he could deliver rita marlowe, the stay-put account could stay put with the agency.
mr rufus said junior's been trying to locate miss marlowe all day.
if you'd just close your big mouth and let me slip a word in sidewise, i'd explain it to you.
i know you're busy shooting retakes, bobo, sweetie, but i had to call you and tell you i couldn't care less, that's it's simply divoon being away from you.
but the big news today is from hollywood, and the report that tv star bobo brannigansky, the jungle man, and rita marlowe, cinema queen, have broken up.
bobo, interviewed in a hollywood jungle after a long-distance conversation with rita, had this to say to our hollywood reporter, dick whittinghill.
i left there, i came home, i had a couple of nightcaps and i went to bed.
woke up with rita marlowe in the palm of your hand.
a world created, designed and running like a charm for those few who've scaled the heights, broken through the soundy barrier, invariably by being at the right place at the right time, when success, like a crock of cherries,
comes crashing down on the head of fortune's child, as it did on yours.
there she was, an actress, fresh from the shores of romanoff's.
there were you, fresh from the steam baths, standing on the threshold, the veritable threshold of success.
they said it was good for my next picture, a russian drama about two russian brothers.
the studio figured the publicity would do me and the picture some good.
why, at the end of a day's work at the studio, i don't have a decent pucker left.
all i can do at night is sit and watch my old movies on television.
he had the pains for the girl i was working for.
she must have liked his brand of cream, because they got married.
and he became the producer of all her pictures till the talkies came in.
she couldn't speak english, being from texas, so the first talkie was a flop and he left her.
a woman must compete for her man, and she should stay on her toes.
for instance, to start at the top, would you like me to change the colour of my hair?
a king-size bed manufacturer wants me to endorse his king-size special.
"it takes the guesswork out of sleeping." ed murrow wants to person to person me.
i've been secretary, companion, confidante and chief bottle snatcher to glamour queens since the nickelodeon days.
fame hits hard at first, but you'll get so you love it... or wind up at menninger's.
we should be very romantic, like bill holden and jennifer jones were in love is a many splendored thing.
i saw the picture, miss marlowe, and i am by no stretch of the imagination bill holden.
we want all you tv fans to feel at home, and not forget the thrill you get watching television on your big 21-inch screens.
i have a 21-inch screen myself, and it's loads of fun.
and lest there are any radio enthusiasts in the audience, we don't want you to feel slighted.
as you know, jenny wells loves rocky hunter, and rocky hunter loves jenny wells, but they can't afford to get married.
how did you ever get her to do that, mr hunter?
well, i guess you could say i owe it all to my mother's musicianship.
you know, mr hunter, i learned a great deal when you snubbed me yesterday.
it was conduct completely unbecoming, even for a harvard man, to...
do you know, mr hunter, why i conduct myself in that manner?
why i stride down the corridors like a martinet, ignoring everyone?
frightened because i'm a success by the dubious route of inheritance.
being the son of an illustrious parent is far from an easy road, mr hunter.
but, you see, i'm constantly on my mettle trying to prove i'm as worthy as my illustrious parent.
and behind the big desk, camouflaged behind the custom-tailored grey flannel,
well, of course, i'd like to very much, but i won't be able to come into the office for a while.
i made certain commitments to miss marlowe to procure her endorsement.
you were, in a manner of speaking, a gift from the gods.
you were the perfect man to sit at my desk and enjoy it, the kind of man my illustrious parent would have respected as a son, instead of the rose grubber he sired.
you see, rockwell, i had got used to daddy frowning down on me all those long years.
and now the old buzzard can be as miserable in my office as he made me in his.
i didn't have sense enough to know that i'm not a failure, i'm the largest success there is.
i'm an average guy, and all us average guys are successes.
we run the works - not the big guy behind the big desk.
he's knocking himself out trying to figure out how to please us, please you and me and all the other usses like us.
as this is my first live television appearance, the sponsor has relinquished his commercial time.
there will be no mention of stay-put, nor stay-put lipstick's wonderful colours, such as stay-put lipstick red,
there is no head on shelton's beer, no foam, just beer.
pour yourself a full glass of that heavenly brewed, clear swamp water, shelton's beer.
if you're like me, with six dirty children and a big, filthy husband, then you can imagine how important an easy clean washing machine can be.
it not only easy-cleans those dirty, filthy clothes, but it's so gentle on each garment, so gentle that it makes washday a day to remember.
you won't forget washday if you use the easy clean washing machine.
this is me again, rockwell p hunter, and that's madison avenue away down there.
jenny is not a teenager and doesn't live with me, but she will when i can afford it.
jenny and i fell in love one night last year, that night we were supposed to be working overtime.
this is your opportunity to make junior sit up and take notice of you.
i'd like to get a great idea and go by him in the hall, and give him a taste of that grey-flannel sneer.
he just left the table to make a phone call and was too loaded to find his way back.
he wasn't too loaded to turn up at ciro's with another bleached blonde.
that was the arrival of rita marlowe, hollywood's goddess of love, the girl with those oh-so-kissable lips.
soon to be seen with cary grant in kiss them for me.
we have the kids kiss their way to the first plateau and then put them in the osculation booth.
mr rufus, do you realise that mr ezzarus, president of the stay-put corporation, will come through that door...
i met a psychiatrist at a party once and he told me that my pipe smoking revealed my psychic tensions.
half of me wanted success, while the other half wanted failure.
he saw your layouts and loved the idea of using rita marlowe.
he told junior that if he could deliver rita marlowe, the stay-put account could stay put with the agency.
we are talking about success - a world where fancy foreign cars replace subways and bus transfers, where all women are beautiful and willing.
a world created, designed and running like a charm for those few who've scaled the heights, broken through the soundy barrier, invariably by being at the right place at the right time, when success, like a crock of cherries,
comes crashing down on the head of fortune's child, as it did on yours.
there she was, an actress, fresh from the shores of romanoff's.
the studio even called me and told me to keep it up.
they said it was good for my next picture, a russian drama about two russian brothers.
she never had some dopey director making her retake and retake her kissing scenes.
why, at the end of a day's work at the studio, i don't have a decent pucker left.
you must stop going overboard for every man who makes you tingle.
first there was that english actor who wore the sunglass monocle, and then the academy award winner who had you polishing his oscar.
when he'd drive up to our back door on copa de oro in bel-air.
the sound of the milk bottles rattling and little cream bottles jiggling.
she must have liked his brand of cream, because they got married.
and he became the producer of all her pictures till the talkies came in.
i realise that when i went to college i made a great mistake just developing my mind.
a woman must compete for her man, and she should stay on her toes.
wants to do a book on me entitled always leave them loving.
a king-size bed manufacturer wants me to endorse his king-size special.
"it takes the guesswork out of sleeping." ed murrow wants to person to person me.
a hollywood producer wants me to remake love me tender, with me playing all the parts.
fame hits hard at first, but you'll get so you love it... or wind up at menninger's.
and believe it or not, rocky, you'll miss it when it ends.
well, now, how do i have to act when we go out?
we should be very romantic, like bill holden and jennifer jones were in love is a many splendored thing.
i saw the picture, miss marlowe, and i am by no stretch of the imagination bill holden.
but then where did you learn to use your lips the way you do?
ladies and gentlemen, this break in our motion picture is made out of respect for the tv fans in our audience, who are accustomed to interruptions in their programmes for messages from sponsors.
we want all you tv fans to feel at home, and not forget the thrill you get watching television on your big 21-inch screens.
you can sit there in your easy chair with your shoes off and a can of beer, watching that wonderful, clear picture coming into your home, bringing culture and entertainment to you and your family.
the great thing about tv is that you see things live at the moment they're happening, like old movies made 30 years ago.
as you know, jenny wells loves rocky hunter, and rocky hunter loves jenny wells, but they can't afford to get married.
and now naughty rita marlowe has come between nice jenny wells and sweet rocky hunter.
it was conduct completely unbecoming, even for a harvard man, to...
do you know, mr hunter, why i conduct myself in that manner?
i made certain commitments to miss marlowe to procure her endorsement.
i think it will keep me a little busy for some time.
i've separated it into the proper classifications - proposals of marriage to you from widows, proposals of marriage to you from bachelor girls, and proposals of marriage to you from married women.
i think that's all, but if you need me, just breathe hard.
- i'd like to have a talk with you, mr la salle.
haven't we reached the point where we can use first names?
it's not the kind of business that requires thinking, so the process was strange for me.
i muddled it through to a logical conclusion, and my problems, as rufus would say, were solvy-solvied.
you were the perfect man to sit at my desk and enjoy it, the kind of man my illustrious parent would have respected as a son, instead of the rose grubber he sired.
i'm not at all sure i'm the man to sit behind your desk.
i'm an average guy, and all us average guys are successes.
we run the works - not the big guy behind the big desk.
plain rockwell hunter just wants to go through life with you.
that's very nice to hear, but what about that not-so-plain girl you're marrying this afternoon?
they'll put you in jail, but i'll come to see you every visiting day.
stay-put spectacular is on the air, in black and white, and contemptible colour...
this is rita marlowe, star of stage, screen and now live television.
as this is my first live television appearance, the sponsor has relinquished his commercial time.
oh, the fine print they put in an actor's contract these days!
well, be that as it may, i'm tony randall and i'm appearing in this motion picture with a fascinating and beautiful performer,
no matter how many lushes you know, with the slip-easy, pop-up, finger-touch ice trays, you have enough ice cubes for all.
shelton's beer is brewed crystal clear from the streams deep in the forest swamps.
if you're like me, with six dirty children and a big, filthy husband, then you can imagine how important an easy clean washing machine can be.
it not only easy cleans those dirty, filthy clothes, but it's so gentle on each garment, so gentle that it makes wash day a day to remember.
you won't forget wash day, if you use the easy clean washing machine.
'this is me again, rockwell p hunter, 'and that's madison avenue away down there.
'jenny and i fell in love one night last year, 'that wonderful night we were supposed to be working overtime.
'that's my immediate superior henry rufus, 'a vice president of lsj, rp c, 'and the account executive of stay-put lipstick, our most important client.
'we take you first to hollywood, 'where movie fans are agog over the recent movements of rita marlowe.
'mystery surrounds the departure of the cinema queen from the cinema capital.'
'and that was the arrival of rita marlowe, hollywood's goddess of love, 'the girl with those oh-so-kissable lips, 'soon to be seen with cary grant in "kiss them for me".
'now for our early-morning wake-up show, 'sponsored by the last chance mortuary.'
this idea is to start kids using stay-put at an early age.
you see, gentlemen, as a parent, i know from experience that all teenagers are kiss-happy.
half of me wanted success, while the other half wanted failure.
so i couldn't make up my mind whether to inhale or exhale.
he saw your layouts and loved the idea of using rita marlowe.
he told junior that if he could deliver rita marlowe, the stay-put account could stay put with the agency.
when success, like a crock of cherries, comes crashing down on the head of fortune's child, as it did on yours.
there she was, an actress fresh from the shores of romanoff's.
i didn't expect bobo to shoot off his mouth to the reporters like he did.
but it did make us headlines all over the country, and that kind of publicity you can't even buy.
why, the studio even called me and told me to keep it up.
it's good for my next picture, a russian drama about two russian brothers.
at the end of a day's work at the studio, i don't have a decent pucker left.
all i can do at night is sit home and watch my old movies on television.
he's the actor who awarded you first prize in the miss florida grapefruit contest and he's the one you can't forget.
so why do you pick up these schnooks, always trying to turn them into unreasonable facsimiles of george?
a woman must compete for her man and she should stay on her toes.
to start at the top, would you like me to change the colour of my hair?
wants to do a book on me entitled "always leave them loving".
a king-size bed manufacturer wants me to endorse his king-size special.
well, now, how do i have to act when we go out?
we should be a romantic couple like bill holden and jennifer jones were in "love is a many-splendored thing".
i saw the picture, and i am by no stretch of the imagination bill holden.
but, then, where did you learn to use your lips the way you do?
we want all you tv fans to feel at home and not forget the thrill you get watching television on your big 21-inch screens.
i have a 21-inch screen myself, and it's loads of fun.
now, i hope all you tv fans feel wanted, and lest there are any radio enthusiasts in the audience, we don't want you to feel slighted.
as you know, jenny wells loves rocky hunter and rocky hunter loves jenny wells.
how did you ever get her to do that, mr hunter?
well, i guess you could say i owe it all to my mother's musicianship.
you know, i learned a great deal when you snubbed me yesterday.
it was conduct completely unbecoming, even for a harvard man, to...
you know, mr hunter, why i conduct myself in that manner?
why i stride down the corridors like a martinet ignoring everyone?
but i won't be able to come into the office regularly for a while.
i made certain commitments to miss marlowe to procure her endorsement.
all right, but just you remember this and don't you forget it.
when you see me walking down the street in my elevator shoes, remember it was you that did it.
you were, in a manner of speaking, a gift from the gods.
you were the perfect man to sit at my desk and enjoy it, the kind of man my illustrious parent would have respected as a son instead of the rose grubber he sired.
'they really have it made, as long as the price of eggs stays up.
'this fellow is a big successy as the big bossy, 'even though his new secretary put him on a milk diet, 'his scotch, bourbon, gin and manischewitz-flavoured lipsticks 'are a big hit.
no matter how many lushes you know... with a slip-easy pop-up finger-touch ice trays... you have enough ice cubes for all!
shelton's beer is brewed crystal clear from the streams deep in the forest swamps.
if you're like me, with six dirty children, and a big, filthy husband... then you can imagine how important an easy-clean washing machine can be.
it not only easy-cleans those dirty, filthy clothes... but it's so gentle on each garment.
so gentle that it makes wash day a day to remember.
uh, you won't forget wash day... if you use the easy-clean washing machine.
but the largest success of all is junior, mr. la salle, jr.
he's the president of la salle, jr., raskin, pooley and crocket.
we take you first to hollywood... where movie fans are agog over the recent movements of rita marlowe.
mystery still surrounds the hurried departure... of the cinema queen from the cinema capital.
this is your opportunity to make junior sit up and take notice of you.
- i'd like to get a great idea and go by him in the hall... and give him a taste of that gray flannel sneer.
hollywood's goddess of love, the girl with those oh-so-kissable lips... soon to be seen with cary grant in kiss them for me.
now, for our early morning wake-up show, sponsored by the last chance mortuary.
half of me wanted success while the other half wanted failure.
so i couldn't make up my mind whether to... inhale or exhale.
he saw your layouts and loved the idea of using rita marlowe.
he told junior that if he could deliver rita marlowe... the stay-put account would stay put with the agency.
but the big news today is from hollywood... and the report that tv star, bobo brannigansky, the jungle man... and rita marlowe, cinema queen, have broken up.
bobo, interviewed in a hollywood jungle after a long-distance conversation with rita... had this to say to our hollywood reporter, dick whittinghill.
there she was, an actress fresh from the shores of romanoff's!
there were you with a hangover, fresh from the steam baths... standing on the threshold, the veritable threshold of success!
but he did make us headlines all over the country... and that kind of publicity, you can't even buy!
why, the studio even called me this morning and told me to keep it up.
they said it was good for my next picture... which is a russian drama about two russian brothers.
the studio's worried about my acting in it... so they figured the publicity would do me and the picture some good.
she never had some dopey director making her retake and retake her kissing scenes.
at the end of a day's work at the studio, i don't have a decent pucker left!
i'm going there now to get her signature on her contract and-
nevertheless, the situation made me take stock of myself- evaluate my assets and liabilities.
i realize now that when i went to college, i made a great mistake just developing my mind.
a woman must compete for her man... and she should stay on her toes.
well, now, how do i have to act when we go out?
we should be a very romantic couple, like bill holden and jennifer jones were... in love is a many-splendored thing.
ladies and gentlemen, this break in our motion picture... is made out of respect for the tv fans in our audience... who are accustomed to constant interruptions in their programs... for messages from sponsors.
we want all you tv fans to feel at home... and not forget the thrill you get... watching television on your big, 21-inch screens.
you can sit there in your easy chair... with your shoes off and a can of beer... watching that wonderful, clear picture coming into your home... bringing culture and entertainment to you and your family.
of course, the great thing about tv is that you see things live at the moment they're happening.
and lest there are any radio enthusiasts in the audience... we don't want you to feel slighted.
as you know, jenny wells loves rocky hunter... and rocky hunter loves jenny wells.
you know, mr. hunter, why i conduct myself in that manner?
why i stride down the corridors like a martinet, ignoring everyone?
i made certain... commitments to miss marlowe to procure her endorsement.
i think it will keep me a little busy for some time.
proposals of marriage to you from widows... proposals of marriage to you from bachelor girls... and proposals of marriage to you from married women.
i think that's all, but if you need me, just breathe hard.
you were, in a manner of speaking, a gift from the gods.
you were the perfect man to sit at my desk and enjoy it.
you see, rockwell, i had got used to daddy frowning down on me... all those long, long years.
and now the old buzzard can be as miserable in my office... as he made me in his.
we run the works, not the big guy behind the big desk.
he's knocking himself out trying to figure out... how to please us- please you, and me... and all the other "usses" like us.
this is rita marlowe, star of stage, screen, and now live television.
because this is my first live television appearance... the sponsor has agreed to relinquish his commercial time.
he's gonna have a spark in his eye, and a flare to his nostrils.
he's gonna look just like he did when you used to ride him through the park.
it is the only chair i ever had in my life that i really like.
you ask me anything else, dear, but don't ask me that.
why, the things that show the kind of life we're leading now.
newspapers, movie film, photographs, you know, just like the paper said.
well, i just thought i'd beef him up a little, just to be safe.
and so, on behalf of our fair city, and our fair citizens,
he's gonna have a spark in his eye, and a flare to his nostrils.
he's gonna look just like he did when you used to ride him through the park.
it is the only chair i ever had in my life that i really like.
you ask me anything else, dear, but don't ask me that.
george, you can't seem to understand that i am a sick man.
after all that's happened tonight, my digestion's started acting up again.
and so, on behalf of our fair city, and our fair citizens,
i want to thank george tiffany for his generous contribution of his time and his artistic talents which have created this priceless memorial.
honesty demands that i reveal that all did not go as mr. tiffany had planned.
the weight of waldren's pudgy body proved too much for napoleon and within a few months the time capsule was opened by a caesarian section.
george, you can't seem to understand that i am a sick man.
after all that's happened tonight, my digestion's started acting up again.
and so, on behalf of our fair city, and our fair citizens,
i want to thank george tiffany for his generous contribution of his time and his artistic talents which have created this priceless memorial.
honesty demands that i reveal that all did not go as mr. tiffany had planned.
the weight of waldren's pudgy body proved too much for napoleon and within a few months the time capsule was opened by a caesarian section.
he's gonna have a spark in his eye, and a flare to his nostrils.
he's gonna look just like he did when you used to ride him through the park.
it is the only chair i ever had in my life that i really like.
you ask me anything else, dear, but don't ask me that.
why, the things that show the kind of life we're leading now.
newspapers, movie film, photographs, you know, just like the paper said.
well, i just thought i'd beef him up a little, just to be safe.
and so, on behalf of our fair city, and our fair citizens,
whose cattle, freely graze there, as if everything, belongs to him.
you'll see how to get past there in a couple of days.
i'm going to talk to the captain and the others to stay with us to the valley.
today, a little annoyed, but do not think, that is a big problem.
you know the kind of man, that he is what sun principles.
he would not have saved billy if he were his own son!
or is it just that, who decide who gets the lot.
why do not you, number each lot and make a raffle
and i go hunting one by one, without you, i buried them!
the first thing to do is to place the wagons in a circle.
if only we could take the kids out of the cabin.
think fast, this will be done in a couple of days.
the rules of the game are fixed, the pieces arranged by file and by rank.
eight lines... eight times eight squared, solidly framed on a board and set on a table.
the way each piece may be moved is approved by traditions... already obscure in east... before the game began to be played for a thousand years in the west.
and yet, if everything, even what's fixed... will, sometime or other, start moving... then why should the humble be patient forever?
so lack a day... my cony... stay at the ceremony... sing out.... with faultry... breath.
oldest eternal daughter... though you're the lamb she'll slaughter... twil be... a lively... death.
you want to go ahead... but there are times when only the muse herself... can free and inspire you... to do just the simplest little thing... that solves everything.
one, one, one... one, two, two... two, three... three, three... four, five, five, five... five, five... six... five, five, five, five... six, six, six, six...
instead of considering his own moves... he keeps gazing at her fair mouth.
o my lady... how should one play with one like thee... and avoid losing?
and yet... after all these fancies and contrivances... he still may be kept in check.
hoping for a favorable chance... he has now to wait for her move... patiently... while she, without effort... with the merriest smile... picks up the lead... paying no heed to his suffering.
do not hurry... or press him hard... or sing, whistle, or make tapping sounds with your feet... or with your fingers against the stone.
the king... clad in dark dungs... stood at the forefront... at the fifth... the sixth... and so forth.
tokugawa shogun safety, and yagyu clan safety, all depend on these chronicles, because they contain important secrets.
knowing that, one man, a skilled swordsman, is trying to defeat the yagyus.
if they're going to edo, it means that they have the chronicles.
we can kill them one by one before they get there.
you've probably heard of the dissensions between the great inspector, tajima yagyu, and the old vassal izunokami matsudaira.
they both have important posts and if these dissensions become public knowledge, you won't have any respite.
he's ordering me to arrest the samurai from the ryuzoji clan.
do you really think that this man was one of theirs?
compared to the three influential families allied with the tokugawas, the li, honda, matsudaira families,
and to the lords loyal to the tokugawas, like okubo, we play an equally important role.
if the shogun holds this superior position in front of the emperor, it's because of our family.
in a word, the martial chronicles secrets are so important that all this depends on them.
my passengers are due in bisbee, only a few miles away.
take him to bisbee and put him on the next coach back.
it's terrible that bad things happen, and all we do is stand by and watch.
lots of things happen where you can only stand by and watch.
he had to say goodbye to one of us and that's too bad.
but if it wasn't goodbye for him, it could've been for some of us.
don't think i'm too scared of wade's gang to do what's necessary.
tell dan he can count on alex potter right to the end.
i'm so reasonable i'll let you walk right out of here.
only thing is, it'll be at 3:1 0, and i'll be behind you with a shotgun.
at one time they had 1 0 years of drought right around here.
a big outfit, they got nothing to worry about with drought.
no matter where you take me... somebody would be riding for help right now.
when one of us is caught, we figure the places where they'd take us.
lots of things happen where you can only stand by and watch.
i know, but to have you stand by and to have the boys watching...
miss, if my outfit's asking too many questions, you just say so.
we've been driving cattle, and when you come to a place like this and you see a nice girl like you...
only thing is, it'll be at 3: 10, and i'll be behind you with a shotgun.
i can tell you're a very intelligent man and i wouldn't want to try to corrupt your morals.
as for your soul you'll have neither cooler nor hotter place than this.
if i can do anything to help you decide, let me know.
when one of us is caught, we figure the places where they'd take us.
then we send one man to each of those places to wait.
lots of things happen where you can only stand by and watch.
i know, but to have you stand by and to have the boys watching...
miss, if my outfit's asking too many questions, you just say so.
we've been driving cattle, and when you come to a place like this and you see a nice girl like you...
only thing is, it'll be at 3: 10, and i'll be behind you with a shotgun.
i can tell you're a very intelligent man and i wouldn't want to try to corrupt your morals.
as for your soul you'll have neither cooler nor hotter place than this.
if i can do anything to help you decide, let me know.
when one of us is caught, we figure the places where they'd take us.
then we send one man to each of those places to wait.
just seems terrible that something bad can happen... and all anybody can do is stand by and watch.
lots of things happen where all you can do is stand by and watch.
he had to say good-bye to one of the outfit, and that's too bad.
if it hadn't been good-bye for him... it could've been good-bye for some of the rest of us.
i mean, what's a woman for if you don't treat her right?
i'd have spent every cent i had on her, except she married the governor of the state.
i want two of you to set off with dave keene.
the rest of us will follow with the prisoner in the coach.
i know a man dropped dead from looking at his wife.
my own grandmother fought the indians for 60 years... and then choked to death on lemon pie.
don't you think i'm too scared of ben wade's gang... to do whatever's necessary when the time comes.
you can tell dan he can count on alex potter right to the end.
at one time they had 10 years of drought right around here.
of course, a big outfit, you know, they got no, uh - nothin' to worry about with drought.
cowpokes like us, we just don't belong in that kind of a business.
you know, trying to make a go of it, you know?
no matter where you take me, somebody would be riding for help right now.
you see, when one of us gets caught... we figure out all the different places where they might take us.
lots of things happen where all you can do is stand by and watch.
i know, but to have you stand by... and to have the boys watch.
i can't go chasing after outlaws, my cattle dying all over.
if i don't save them, i don't know what i'm gonna do.
he had to say good-bye to one of the outfit, and that's too bad.
if it hadn't been good-bye for him... it could've been good-bye for some of the rest of us.
hey, i remember they had real paris dresses there... real paris perfume.
i mean, what's a woman for if you don't treat her right?
don't you think i'm too scared of ben wade's gang... to do whatever's necessary when the time comes.
you can tell dan he can count on alex potter right to the end.
i'm so reasonable i'm gonna let you walk right out of here.
the only thing is it'll be just before 3:10... and i'll be right behind you with a shotgun.
at one time they had 10 years of drought right around here.
of course, a big outfit, you know, they got no, uh - nothin' to worry about with drought.
cowpokes like us, we just don't belong in that kind of a business.
you know, trying to make a go of it, you know?
i feel you'll have need to cool it in a hotter place than this.
if i can do anything to help you decide, you let me know, huh, dan?
no matter where you take me, somebody would be riding for help right now.
you see, when one of us gets caught... we figure out all the different places where they might take us.
lots of things happen where all you can do is stand by and watch.
i know, but to have you stand by... and to have the boys watch.
i can't go chasing after outlaws, my cattle dying all over.
if i don't save them, i don't know what i'm gonna do.
hey, i remember they had real paris dresses there... real paris perfume.
i mean, what's a woman for if you don't treat her right?
marshal, you know i never touch a drop until the stroke of noon.
[butterfield] if there's a man there, why don't we catch him?
some men you can see every day for 10 years and - and you never notice.
and - [breath quavers] some men you see once and... they're with you the rest of your life.
at one time they had 10 years of drought right around here.
of course, a big outfit, you know, they got no, uh - nothin' to worry about with drought.
cowpokes like us, we just don't belong in that kind of a business.
you know, trying to make a go of it, you know?
no matter where you take me, somebody would be riding for help right now.
you see, when one of us gets caught... we figure out all the different places where they might take us.
my passengers are due in bisbee, only a few miles away.
take him to bisbee and put him on the next coach back.
it's terrible that bad things happen, and all we do is stand by and watch.
lots of things happen where you can only stand by and watch.
he had to say goodbye to one of us and that's too bad.
but if it wasn't goodbye for him, it could've been for some of us.
funny, some men you can see every day for 10 years and you never notice.
some men you see once and they're with you the rest of your life.
only thing is, it'll be at 3:10, and i'll be behind you with a shotgun.
i can tell you're a very intelligent man and i wouldn't want to try to corrupt your morals.
as for your soul you'll have neither cooler nor hotter place than this.
if i can do anything to help you decide, let me know.
when one of us is caught, we figure the places where they'd take us.
then we send one man to each of those places to wait.
you've had the law read to you and interpreted as it applies in this case.
it's now your duty to sit down and try and separate the facts from the fancy.
if there's a reasonable doubt in your minds as to the guilt of the accused - a reasonable doubt - then you must bring me a verdict of not guilty.
now if, however, there's no reasonable doubt... then you must in good conscience find the accused guilty.
well, i thought we'd sit in order, you know, by jury numbers.
one, two, three, four, five - so on, around the table.
look, this kid's been kicked around all of his life - you know, born in a slum, mother dead since he was nine.
he lived for a year and a half in an orphanage when his - his father was serving a jail term for forgery.
'cause he's been hit on the head by somebody once a day every day.
he's had a - he's had a pretty miserable 18 years.
now, i haven't given it much thought, but it seems to me... that it's up to the group of us to convince this gentleman that he's wrong and we're right.
now, maybe if we each took a couple of minutes just to -
the old man lived downstairs under the room where the killing took place.
at 10 minutes after 12:00 on the night of the killing... he heard loud noises, said it sounded like a fight.
anyway, she looks out the window... and right across the street she sees the kid stick the knife into his father.
[ deep breath ] the time is 12:10 on the nose.
because if you don't have a motive, where's your case, right?
anyway, that, uh, testimony from those people... in the apartment across the hall from the kid's apartment - that was very powerful.
do you ever hear a kid call his father that anymore?
[ juror 8 ] fathers don't seem to think it's important anymore.
listen, when these fellas don't ask questions... it's because they know the answers already and they figure they'll be hurt.
maybe it's also possible for a lawyer to be just plain stupid, isn't it?
he claims that he went to a movie at about 11:30... returning home at 3:10 to find his father dead and himself arrested.
he also claims that the two detectives who arrested him... threw him down a half a flight of stairs.
so if you wanna be stubborn and hang this jury, go ahead.
the kid will be tried again and found guilty sure as he's born.
if there are 11 votes for guilty, i won't stand alone.
we'll take in a guilty verdict to the judge right now.
and that thing with the old man, that was pretty unexpected.
i wish i could figure out some way we could break it up.
well, i imagine the finest watchmakers in the world come from europe, huh?
anyway, as i was telling you, in an agency, when we reach a point like this -
we're gonna all get sore throats if we keep it up, you know?
what difference does it make if you get it here or at the ball game?
it takes a six-car el train 10 seconds to pass a given point.
now let's say the given point is the open window of the room where the killing took place.
since the woman saw the killing through the last two cars... we can assume that the body hit the floor just as the train went by.
therefore, the train had been roaring by the old man's window... a full 10 seconds before the body hit the floor.
[ juror 3 ] oh, what are you people talking about?
[ juror 5 ] well, it stands to reason he couldn't have heard it.
i still don't see how anybody can think he's not guilty.
there's something else i'd like to talk about for a minute.
this guy's trying to make you believe things that aren't so.
the kid said he was gonna kill him, and he did kill him.
what are you basing it on - the stories this guy made up?
you ought to write for one of those kooky detective magazines.
it could mean he didn't want the case, or he resented being appointed.
it's the kind of case that brings him nothing - no money, no glory, not even much chance of winning.
[ juror 4 ] i don't see anything funny about it.
the boy knew the knife could be identified as the one he had just bought.
well, i think we can assume the boy ran out in a state of panic... after having just killed his father.
when he finally calmed down, he realized he had left his knife there.
he would have had to be calm enough to see to it... that there were no fingerprints left on the knife.
now, where did this panic start and where did it end?
i mean, you're sittin' here, you're pulling stories out of thin air, you know?
a guy like this, if he's, uh, sitting ringside at the dempsey-firpo fight... he'd be trying to tell you that, uh -
look, i don't remember what he said, but i don't see how he could have run to the door.
ηe said he went from his bedroom to the front door.
mr. foreman, i'd like to see a diagram of the apartment.
- why don't we just have 'em run the trial all over again so you can get everything straight?
if we're gonna start wading through all that nonsense about where the body was found -
[ juror 8 ] we're not, not unless somebody else wants to.
he said he got to his own front door as fast as he could... and he swore it couldn't have been more than 15 seconds.
now, if the killer began running immediately [ juror 12 ] maybe he didn't.
my friend, for your three dollars a day, you have to listen to everything, you know?
now that you've got that thing in here, what about it?
the old man's apartment was directly beneath and exactly the same.
here are the el tracks, the bedroom, living room, kitchen, bathroom.
the old man heard the fight between the boy and his father a few hours earlier.
then when he's lying in bed, he heard the body hit the floor in the boy's apartment... heard the woman scream from across the street, got to his front door as fast as he could... heard somebody racing down the stairs and assumed it was the boy.
ever since you walked into this room, you've been acting like a self-appointed public avenger.
you want to see this boy die because you personally want it, not because of the facts.
if nobody else has an idea, i may have a cutie here.
i mean, i haven't given it much thought, but let's throw it out on the stoop... and see if the cat licks it up.
uh, we were behind 7-6... but we just started to move the ball, right off the tackle.
started cutting right - slash here and slash right in... cut right through.
an important point for the prosecution was the fact... that after the boy claimed he'd been at the movies... during the hours that the killing took place... couldn't remember the names of the movies or the stars who appeared in them.
this gentleman here has put up that point in here several times.
putting yourself in the boy's place, do you think you could remember details... after an upsetting experience such as being slapped in the face by your father?
i think so, if there were any special details to remember.
the boy couldn't remember the names of the movies he saw because be wasn't there that night.
according to the police testimony in court... the boy was questioned by the detectives in the kitchen of his apartment... while the body of his father was lying on the floor in the bedroom.
he had three months from the night of the murder to the day of the trial... in which to memorize them.
it's not difficult for a lawyer to find out what played at a particular theater... on a particular night.
you have sat here and voted guilty with everyone else... because there are some baseball tickets burning a hole in your pocket.
and now you've changed your vote because you say you're sick of all the talking here?
if you want to vote not guilty... then do it because you are convinced the man is not guilty... not because you've had enough.
and if you think he is guilty, then vote that way.
she tossed and turned for over an hour, unable to sleep.
finally, she turned toward the window at about 10 minutes after 12:00... and, as she looked out, she saw the killing through the windows of a passing el train.
she said the lights went out immediately after the killing... but that she got a good look at the boy in the act of stabbing his father.
as far as i can see it, this is unshakable testimony.
uh, the reason i asked about that was because, uh... you were rubbing your nose like -
oh, i'm sorry for interrupting... but you made a gesture that reminded me of something.
she didn't want to wear 'em out of the house so people would think she's gorgeous.
but when she saw this kid killing his father, she was in the house alone.
i'm also guessing that she probably didn't put her glasses on... when she turned to look casually out of the window.
and she herself testified the killing took place just as she looked out.
to continue, you've listened to a long and complex case... murder in the first degree.
a premeditated murder is the most serious charge tried in our criminal courts.
at 10 minutes after 12:00 on the night of the killing... he heard loud noises, said it sounded like a fight.
and he heard the kid yell out, "i'm gonna kill ya".
it is obvious, to me anyway, that the boy's entire story was flimsy.
he claimed he was at the movies during the time of the killing... and yet, one hour later, he couldn't remember the names of the films he saw...
because if you don't have a motive, where's your case, right?
anyway, that, uh, testimony from those people... in the apartment across the hall from the kid's apartment... that was very powerful.
listen, when these fellas don't ask questions... it's because they know the answers already and they figure they'll be hurt.
maybe it's also possible for a lawyer to be just plain stupid, isn't it?
now this is where the stories offered by the state and the boy... begin to diverge slightly.
he claims that he went to a movie at about 11:30... returning home at 3:10 to find his father dead and himself arrested.
i think it's quite clear that the boy never went to the movies that night.
no one in the house saw him go out at 11:30.
so if you wanna be stubborn and hang this jury, go ahead.
the kid will be tried again and found guilty sure as he's born.
we'll take in a guilty verdict to the judge right now.
but if anyone votes not guilty, we stay here and talk it out.
well, it's not easy to stand alone against the ridicule of others.
so he gambled for support, and i gave it to him.
and that thing with the old man, that was pretty unexpected.
i wish i could figure out some way we could break it up.
well, i imagine the finest watchmakers in the world come from europe, huh?
anyway, as i was telling you, in an agency, when we reach a point like this...
we're gonna all get sore throats if we keep it up, you know?
what difference does it make if you get it here or at the ball game?
now let's say the given point is the open window of the room where the killing took place.
you can reach out of that window and almost touch the el tracks, right?
i lived in a second-floor apartment near the el line once.
when the window was open and the train goes by, the noise is almost unbearable.
we've agreed that it takes 10 seconds for a train to pass a given point.
since the woman saw the killing through the last two cars... we can assume that the body hit the floor just as the train went by.
this guy's trying to make you believe things that aren't so.
the kid said he was gonna kill him, and he did kill him.
well, i think we can assume the boy ran out in a state of panic... after having just killed his father.
when he finally calmed down, he realized he had left his knife there.
he would have had to be calm enough to see to it... that there were no fingerprints left on the knife.
now, where did this panic start and where did it end?
i mean, you're sittin' here, you're pulling stories out of thin air, you know?
a guy like this, if he's, uh, sitting ringside at the dempsey-firpo fight... he'd be trying to tell you that, uh...
look, i don't remember what he said, but i don't see how he could have run to the door.
he said he went from his bedroom to the front door.
mr. foreman, i'd like to see a diagram of the apartment.
why don't we just have 'em run the trial all over again so you can get everything straight?
as soon as the body hit the floor, he said he heard footsteps upstairs... running toward the front door... heard the upstairs door open, the footsteps start down the stairs.
he said he got to his own front door as fast as he could... and he swore it couldn't have been more than 15 seconds.
hey, why don't you stop makin' smart remarks all the time, huh?
my friend, for your three dollars a day, you have to listen to everything, you know?
the old man heard the fight between the boy and his father a few hours earlier.
then when he's lying in bed, he heard the body hit the floor in the boy's apartment... heard the woman scream from across the street, got to his front door as fast as he could... heard somebody racing down the stairs and assumed it was the boy.
brother, i've seen all kinds of dishonesty in my day, but this little display takes the cake.
you all come in here with your hearts bleeding all over the floor about slum kids and injustice.
what it must feel like to want to pull the switch.
ever since you walked into this room, you've been acting like a self-appointed public avenger.
if nobody else has an idea, i may have a cutie here.
i mean, i haven't given it much thought, but let's throw it out on the stoop... and see if the cat licks it up.
an important point for the prosecution was the fact... that after the boy claimed he'd been at the movies... during the hours that the killing took place... couldn't remember the names of the movies or the stars who appeared in them.
this gentleman here has put up that point in here several times.
putting yourself in the boy's place, do you think you could remember details... after an upsetting experience such as being slapped in the face by your father?
i think so, if there were any special details to remember.
the boy couldn't remember the names of the movies he saw because be wasn't there that night.
according to the police testimony in court... the boy was questioned by the detectives in the kitchen of his apartment... while the body of his father was lying on the floor in the bedroom.
he had three months from the night of the murder to the day of the trial... in which to memorize them.
it's not difficult for a lawyer to find out what played at a particular theater... on a particular night.
you have sat here and voted guilty with everyone else... because there are some baseball tickets burning a hole in your pocket.
and now you've changed your vote because you say you're sick of all the talking here?
if you want to vote not guilty... then do it because you are convinced the man is not guilty... not because you've had enough.
and if you think he is guilty, then vote that way.
she tossed and turned for over an hour, unable to sleep.
finally, she turned toward the window at about 10 minutes after 12:00... and, as she looked out, she saw the killing through the windows of a passing el train.
she said the lights went out immediately after the killing... but that she got a good look at the boy in the act of stabbing his father.
as far as i can see it, this is unshakable testimony.
uh, the reason i asked about that was because, uh... you were rubbing your nose like...
oh, i'm sorry for interrupting... but you made a gesture that reminded me of something.
she was making a tremendous effort to look 35... for her first public appearance.
heavy makeup, dyed hair... brand-new clothes that should have been worn by a younger woman.
she had to be able to identify a person 60 feet away, at night, without glasses.
you can't send someone off to die on evidence like that.
to continue, you've listened to a long and complex case, murder in the first degree.
premeditated murder is the most serious charge tried in our criminal courts.
you've listened to the testimony, had the law interpreted as it applies in this case.
it's now your duty to sit down and try and separate the facts from the fancy.
if there's a reasonable doubt in your minds as to the guilt of the accused - a reasonable doubt-then you must bring me a verdict of not guilty.
if there's no reasonable doubt, then you must, in good conscience, find the accused guilty.
the old man lived downstairs under the room where the killing took place.
at 10 minutes after 12 on the night of the killing, he heard loud noises.
that's very important because if you don't have a motive, where's your case, right?
anyway, that testimony from those people across the hall from the kid's apartment, that was very powerful.
when they don't ask questions, it's because they know the answers already.
it's also possible for a lawyer to be just plain stupid, isn't it?
this is where the stories offered by the state and the boy diverge slightly.
he claims that he went to a movie at about 11.30, returning home at 3.10 to find his father dead and himself arrested.
if there are eleven votes for guilty, i won't stand alone.
we'll take in a guilty verdict to the judge right now.
it's not easy to stand alone against the ridicule of others.
so he gambled for support and i gave it to him.
i imagine the finest watchmakers in the world come from europe.
anyway, in an agency, when we reach a point like this...
it takes a six-car el train ten seconds to pass a given point.
say the given point is the open window of the room where the killing took place.
since the woman saw the killing through the last two cars, we can assume that the body hit the floor just as the train went by.
therefore, the train had been roaring by the old man's window a full ten seconds before the body hit the floor.
- he said he yelled at the top of his voice.
he couldn't have identified the voice with the el roaring by.
i still don't see how anybody can think he's not guilty.
there's something else i'd like to talk about for a minute.
for cryin' out loud, the kid's own lawyer knew he didn't stand a chance.
right from the beginning, his own lawyer knew, and you could see it.
i have made some notes here, and i would like, please, to say something.
i have been listening very carefully and... it seems to me that this man has some very good points to make.
- if he knew the knife could be identified, why did he leave it there in the first place?
i think we can assume the boy ran out in a state of panic, having just killed his father.
he would have had to be calm enough to wipe off any fingerprints left on the knife.
now, where did this panic start and where did it end?
- this is just off the top of my head but...
if /'d done the stabbing, i'd take a chance and go back for the knife.
he didn't bring it up because he knew it'd hurt his case.
or because it would have meant bullying and badgering a helpless old man.
brother, i've seen all kinds of dishonesty in my day, but this little display takes the cake.
you all come in here with your hearts bleeding' about slum kids and injustice.
that we are notified by mail to come down to this place to decide on the guilt or innocence of a man we... we have never heard of before.
we have nothing to gain or lose by... by our verdict.
if nobody else has an idea, i might have a cutie here.
let's throw it out and see if the cat licks it up.
in the boy's place, do you think you could remember details after an upsetting experience such as being slapped by your father?
i think so, if there were any special details to remember.
it's not difficult for a lawyer to find out what played on a particular night.
i'll take the testimony from right after the murder, when he couldn't remember a thing about the movies, great emotional stress or not.
it's been bothering me a little, and as long as we're stuck...
there was this whole business about the stab wound and how it was made.
and if you think he is guilty, then vote that way.
or don't you have the guts to do what you think is right?
human life don't mean as much to them as it does to us.
they're lushing it up and fighting all the time, and if somebody gets killed, somebody gets killed!
finally, she turned toward the window at about 10 minutes after 12, and as she looked out, she saw the killing through the windows of a passing el train.
she said the lights went out after the killing, but that she got a good look at the boy in the act of stabbing his father.
she didn't wanna wear 'em out of the house so people'd think she's gorgeous.
but when she saw this kid killin' his father, she was in the house alone.
you've had the law read to you and interpreted as it applies in this case.
it's now your duty to sit down and try and separate the facts from the fancy.
if there's a reasonable doubt in your minds as to the guilt of the accused... a reasonable doubt... then you must bring me a verdict of not guilty.
now if, however, there's no reasonable doubt... then you must in good conscience find the accused guilty.
the old man lived downstairs under the room where the killing took place.
at 10 minutes after 12:00 on the night of the killing... he heard loud noises, said it sounded like a fight.
because if you don't have a motive, where's your case, right?
anyway, that, uh, testimony from those people... in the apartment across the hall from the kid's apartment... that was very powerful.
listen, when these fellas don't ask questions... it's because they know the answers already and they figure they'll be hurt.
maybe it's also possible for a lawyer to be just plain stupid, isn't it?
he claims that he went to a movie at about 11:30... returning home at 3:10 to find his father dead and himself arrested.
he also claims that the two detectives who arrested him... threw him down a half a flight of stairs.
if there are 11 votes for guilty, i won't stand alone.
we'll take in a guilty verdict to the judge right now.
well, i imagine the finest watchmakers in the world come from europe, huh?
anyway, as i was telling you, in an agency, when we reach a point like this...
we're gonna all get sore throats if we keep it up, you know?
what difference does it make if you get it here or at the ball game?
it takes a six-car el train 10 seconds to pass a given point.
now let's say the given point is the open window of the room where the killing took place.
since the woman saw the killing through the last two cars... we can assume that the body hit the floor just as the train went by.
therefore, the train had been roaring by the old man's window... a full 10 seconds before the body hit the floor.
i still don't see how anybody can think he's not guilty.
there's something else i'd like to talk about for a minute.
this guy's trying to make you believe things that aren't so.
the kid said he was gonna kill him, and he did kill him.
well, i think we can assume the boy ran out in a state of panic... after having just killed his father.
when he finally calmed down, he realized he had left his knife there.
he would have had to be calm enough to see to it... that there were no fingerprints left on the knife.
now, where did this panic start and where did it end?
you ought to be at atlantic city at that hairsplitters convention.
hey, why don't you stop makin' smart remarks all the time, huh?
my friend, for your three dollars a day, you have to listen to everything, you know?
now that you've got that thing in here, what about it?
the old man's apartment was directly beneath and exactly the same.
here are the el tracks, the bedroom, living room, kitchen, bathroom.
brother, i've seen all kinds of dishonesty in my day, but this little display takes the cake.
you all come in here with your hearts bleeding all over the floor about slum kids and injustice.
what it must feel like to want to pull the switch.
ever since you walked into this room, you've been acting like a self-appointed public avenger.
that we are notified by mail... to come down to this place to decide on the guilt or innocence... of a man we have never heard of before.
we have nothing to gain or lose by... by our verdict.
i'd like to go over something, if you gentlemen don't mind.
an important point for the prosecution was the fact... that after the boy claimed he'd been at the movies... during the hours that the killing took place... couldn't remember the names of the movies or the stars who appeared in them.
it was the only alibi the boy offered... and he himself couldn't back it up with any details at all.
putting yourself in the boy's place, do you think you could remember details... after an upsetting experience such as being slapped in the face by your father?
i think so, if there were any special details to remember.
the boy couldn't remember the names of the movies he saw because be wasn't there that night.
it's not difficult for a lawyer to find out what played at a particular theater... on a particular night.
i'll take the testimony of the policemen who interrogated the boy right after the murder... when he couldn't remember a thing about the movies... great emotional stress or not.
i mean, it's been bothering me a little, and as long as we're stuck.
well, there was this whole business about the stab wound and how it was made... the downward angle of it, you know?
you have sat here and voted guilty with everyone else... because there are some baseball tickets burning a hole in your pocket.
and now you've changed your vote because you say you're sick of all the talking here?
if you want to vote not guilty... then do it because you are convinced the man is not guilty... not because you've had enough.
and if you think he is guilty, then vote that way.
she tossed and turned for over an hour, unable to sleep.
finally, she turned toward the window at about 10 minutes after 12:00... and, as she looked out, she saw the killing through the windows of a passing el train.
she said the lights went out immediately after the killing... but that she got a good look at the boy in the act of stabbing his father.
as far as i can see it, this is unshakable testimony.
uh, the reason i asked about that was because, uh... you were rubbing your nose like...
oh, i'm sorry for interrupting... but you made a gesture that reminded me of something.
she was making a tremendous effort to look 35... for her first public appearance.
heavy makeup, dyed hair... brand-new clothes that should have been worn by a younger woman.
she had to be able to identify a person 60 feet away, at night, without glasses.
you can't send someone off to die on evidence like that.
to continue, you've listened to a long and complex case - murder in the first degree.
a premeditated murder is the most serious charge tried in our criminal courts.
well, i thought we'd sit in order, you know, by jury numbers.
one, two, three, four, five - so on, around the table.
look, this kid's been kicked around all of his life - you know, born in a slum, mother dead since he was nine.
he lived for a year and a half in an orphanage when his - his father was serving a jail term for forgery.
do you think you were born with a monopoly on the truth?
i think certain things should be pointed out to this man.
now, i haven't given it much thought, but it seems to me... that it's up to the group of us to convince this gentleman that he's wrong and we're right.
now, maybe if we each took a couple of minutes just to -
the old man lived downstairs under the room where the killing took place.
at 10 minutes after 12:00 on the night of the killing... he heard loud noises, said it sounded like a fight.
anyway, that, uh, testimony from those people... in the apartment across the hall from the kid's apartment - that was very powerful.
didn't they say something about a - a fight and an argument... between the old man and his son around about, uh, 7:00 that night?
listen, when these fellas don't ask questions... it's because they know the answers already and they figure they'll be hurt.
maybe it's also possible for a lawyer to be just plain stupid, isn't it?
he claims that he went to a movie at about 11:30... returning home at 3:10 to find his father dead and himself arrested.
he also claims that the two detectives who arrested him... threw him down a half a flight of stairs.
so if you wanna be stubborn and hang this jury, go ahead.
the kid will be tried again and found guilty sure as he's born.
we'll take in a guilty verdict to the judge right now.
but if anyone votes not guilty, we stay here and talk it out.
well, it's not easy to stand alone against the ridicule of others.
so he gambled for support, and i gave it to him.
and that thing with the old man, that was pretty unexpected.
i wish i could figure out some way we could break it up.
anyway, as i was telling you, in an agency, when we reach a point like this -
i'm telling him about, in an ad agency, when a point like this is reached in a meeting... there's always some character ready with an idea, see.
now let's say the given point is the open window of the room where the killing took place.
you can reach out of that window and almost touch the el tracks, right?
i lived in a second-floor apartment near the el line once.
when the window was open and the train goes by, the noise is almost unbearable.
we've agreed that it takes 10 seconds for a train to pass a given point.
since the woman saw the killing through the last two cars... we can assume that the body hit the floor just as the train went by.
and, uh, it seems to me that this man has some very good points to make.
from what was presented at the trial, the boy looks guilty on the surface.
he came back home, uh, at 3:00 or so... and he was captured by two detectives in the hallway of his house.
now, my question is, if he really had killed his father... why would he come back home three hours later?
but if he knew the knife could be identified, why did he leave it there in the first place?
well, i think we can assume the boy ran out in a state of panic... after having just killed his father.
the woman across the street testified that the moment after she saw the killing - that is, a moment after the train went by... she screamed and then went to telephone the police.
now, the boy certainly must have heard the scream... so he knew that somebody saw something.
two, if he did hear it, he may not have connected it with his own act.
remember, he lived in a neighborhood where screams were fairly commonplace.
i mean, you're sittin' here, you're pulling stories out of thin air, you know?
a guy like this, if he's, uh, sitting ringside at the dempsey-firpo fight... he'd be trying to tell you that, uh -
look, i don't remember what he said, but i don't see how he could have run to the door.
ηe said he went from his bedroom to the front door.
mr. foreman, i'd like to see a diagram of the apartment.
- why don't we just have 'em run the trial all over again so you can get everything straight?
as soon as the body hit the floor, he said he heard footsteps upstairs... running toward the front door... heard the upstairs door open, the footsteps start down the stairs.
he said he got to his own front door as fast as he could... and he swore it couldn't have been more than 15 seconds.
hey, why don't you stop makin' smart remarks all the time, huh?
my friend, for your three dollars a day, you have to listen to everything, you know?
brother, i've seen all kinds of dishonesty in my day, but this little display takes the cake.
you all come in here with your hearts bleeding all over the floor about slum kids and injustice.
what it must feel like to want to pull the switch.
ever since you walked into this room, you've been acting like a self-appointed public avenger.
that we are notified by mail... to come down to this place to decide on the guilt or innocence... of a man we have never heard of before.
we have nothing to gain or lose by - by our verdict.
uh, we were behind 7-6... but we just started to move the ball, right off the tackle.
started cutting right - slash here and slash right in... cut right through.
an important point for the prosecution was the fact... that after the boy claimed he'd been at the movies... during the hours that the killing took place... couldn't remember the names of the movies or the stars who appeared in them.
this gentleman here has put up that point in here several times.
putting yourself in the boy's place, do you think you could remember details... after an upsetting experience such as being slapped in the face by your father?
i think so, if there were any special details to remember.
the boy couldn't remember the names of the movies he saw because be wasn't there that night.
according to the police testimony in court... the boy was questioned by the detectives in the kitchen of his apartment... while the body of his father was lying on the floor in the bedroom.
he had three months from the night of the murder to the day of the trial... in which to memorize them.
it's not difficult for a lawyer to find out what played at a particular theater... on a particular night.
i mean, it's been bothering me a little, and as long as we're stuck.
well, there was this whole business about the stab wound and how it was made - the downward angle of it, you know?
you have sat here and voted guilty with everyone else... because there are some baseball tickets burning a hole in your pocket.
and now you've changed your vote because you say you're sick of all the talking here?
if you want to vote not guilty... then do it because you are convinced the man is not guilty... not because you've had enough.
and if you think he is guilty, then vote that way.
you've made some excellent points, but i still believe the boy is guilty of murder... and i have two reasons.
one, the evidence given by the woman across the street... who actually saw the murder committed.
her bed was next to the window, and she could look out while lying down... and see directly into the boy's room across the street.
she tossed and turned for over an hour, unable to sleep.
finally, she turned toward the window at about 10 minutes after 12:00... and, as she looked out, she saw the killing through the windows of a passing el train.
she said the lights went out immediately after the killing... but that she got a good look at the boy in the act of stabbing his father.
uh, the reason i asked about that was because, uh... you were rubbing your nose like -
oh, i'm sorry for interrupting... but you made a gesture that reminded me of something.
she didn't want to wear 'em out of the house so people would think she's gorgeous.
but when she saw this kid killing his father, she was in the house alone.
i'm also guessing that she probably didn't put her glasses on... when she turned to look casually out of the window.
and she herself testified the killing took place just as she looked out.
you've had the law read to you and interpreted as it applies in this case.
it's now your duty to sit down and try and separate the facts from the fancy.
if there's a reasonable doubt in your minds as to the guilt of the accused... a reasonable doubt... then you must bring me a verdict of not guilty.
now if, however, there's no reasonable doubt... then you must in good conscience find the accused guilty.
look, this kid's been kicked around all of his life... you know, born in a slum, mother dead since he was nine.
he lived for a year and a half in an orphanage when his... his father was serving a jail term for forgery.
'cause he's been hit on the head by somebody once a day every day.
he's had a - he's had a pretty miserable 18 years.
now, i haven't given it much thought, but it seems to me... that it's up to the group of us to convince this gentleman that he's wrong and we're right.
now, maybe if we each took a couple of minutes just to...
at 10 minutes after 12:00 on the night of the killing... he heard loud noises, said it sounded like a fight.
and he heard the kid yell out, "i'm gonna kill ya."
it is obvious, to me anyway, that the boy's entire story was flimsy.
he claimed he was at the movies during the time of the killing... and yet, one hour later, he couldn't remember the names of the films he saw...
anyway, that, uh, testimony from those people... in the apartment across the hall from the kid's apartment... that was very powerful.
didn't they say something about a - a fight and an argument... between the old man and his son around about, uh, 7:00 that night?
listen, when these fellas don't ask questions... it's because they know the answers already and they figure they'll be hurt.
maybe it's also possible for a lawyer to be just plain stupid, isn't it?
he claims that he went to a movie at about 11:30... returning home at 3:10 to find his father dead and himself arrested.
he also claims that the two detectives who arrested him... threw him down a half a flight of stairs.
if there are 11 votes for guilty, i won't stand alone.
we'll take in a guilty verdict to the judge right now.
i wish i could figure out some way we could break it up.
you know, in advertising - i told you i worked in an agency.
anyway, as i was telling you, in an agency, when we reach a point like this...
i'm telling him about, in an ad agency, when a point like this is reached in a meeting... there's always some character ready with an idea, see.
now let's say the given point is the open window of the room where the killing took place.
you can reach out of that window and almost touch the el tracks, right?
i lived in a second-floor apartment near the el line once.
when the window was open and the train goes by, the noise is almost unbearable.
we've agreed that it takes 10 seconds for a train to pass a given point.
since the woman saw the killing through the last two cars... we can assume that the body hit the floor just as the train went by.
and, uh, it seems to me that this man has some very good points to make.
from what was presented at the trial, the boy looks guilty on the surface.
he came back home, uh, at 3:00 or so... and he was captured by two detectives in the hallway of his house.
now, my question is, if he really had killed his father... why would he come back home three hours later?
but if he knew the knife could be identified, why did he leave it there in the first place?
well, i think we can assume the boy ran out in a state of panic... after having just killed his father.
the woman across the street testified that the moment after she saw the killing... that is, a moment after the train went by... she screamed and then went to telephone the police.
now, the boy certainly must have heard the scream... so he knew that somebody saw something.
two, if he did hear it, he may not have connected it with his own act.
remember, he lived in a neighborhood where screams were fairly commonplace.
i mean, you're sittin' here, you're pulling stories out of thin air, you know?
a guy like this, if he's, uh, sitting ringside at the dempsey-firpo fight... he'd be trying to tell you that, uh...
you ought to be at atlantic city at that hairsplitters convention.
hey, why don't you stop makin' smart remarks all the time, huh?
my friend, for your three dollars a day, you have to listen to everything, you know?
now that you've got that thing in here, what about it?
the old man's apartment was directly beneath and exactly the same.
here are the el tracks, the bedroom, living room, kitchen, bathroom.
brother, i've seen all kinds of dishonesty in my day, but this little display takes the cake.
you all come in here with your hearts bleeding all over the floor about slum kids and injustice.
what it must feel like to want to pull the switch.
ever since you walked into this room, you've been acting like a self-appointed public avenger.
that we are notified by mail... to come down to this place to decide on the guilt or innocence... of a man we have never heard of before.
we have nothing to gain or lose by - by our verdict.
uh, we were behind 7-6... but we just started to move the ball, right off the tackle.
started cutting right - slash here and slash right in... cut right through.
i'd like to go over something, if you gentlemen don't mind.
an important point for the prosecution was the fact... that after the boy claimed he'd been at the movies... during the hours that the killing took place... couldn't remember the names of the movies or the stars who appeared in them.
it was the only alibi the boy offered... and he himself couldn't back it up with any details at all.
putting yourself in the boy's place, do you think you could remember details... after an upsetting experience such as being slapped in the face by your father?
i think so, if there were any special details to remember.
the boy couldn't remember the names of the movies he saw because be wasn't there that night.
it's not difficult for a lawyer to find out what played at a particular theater... on a particular night.
i'll take the testimony of the policemen who interrogated the boy right after the murder... when he couldn't remember a thing about the movies... great emotional stress or not.
and if you think he is guilty, then vote that way.
or don't you have the guts to do what you think is right?
you've made some excellent points, but i still believe the boy is guilty of murder... and i have two reasons.
one, the evidence given by the woman across the street... who actually saw the murder committed.
her bed was next to the window, and she could look out while lying down... and see directly into the boy's room across the street.
she tossed and turned for over an hour, unable to sleep.
finally, she turned toward the window at about 10 minutes after 12:00... and, as she looked out, she saw the killing through the windows of a passing el train.
she said the lights went out immediately after the killing... but that she got a good look at the boy in the act of stabbing his father.
the boy in the gray flannel suit here is bouncin' backwards and forwards like a tennis ball.
no point in getting nasty and trying to turn this into a contest.
she was making a tremendous effort to look 35... for her first public appearance.
heavy makeup, dyed hair... brand-new clothes that should have been worn by a younger woman.
she had to be able to identify a person 60 feet away, at night, without glasses.
you can't send someone off to die on evidence like that.
premeditated murder is the most serious charge tried in our criminal courts.
you've listened to the testimony, had the law interpreted as it applies in this case.
you know, born in a slum, mother dead since he was nine.
he lived for a year and a half in an orphanage when his father was serving a jail term for forgery.
it seems to me that it's up to us to convince this gentleman that he's wrong and we're right.
maybe if we each took a couple of minutes just to...
it is obvious to me that the boy's entire story was flimsy.
he claimed he was at the movies, yet he couldn't remember the names of the films he saw or who played in them.
anyway, that testimony from those people across the hall from the kid's apartment, that was very powerful.
didn't they say something about a fight, an argument, between the old man and his son around about seven o'clock that night?
someone else claims he heard the killing, saw the boy run out after, and there was circumstantial evidence.
but those two witnesses were the entire case for the prosecution.
he claims that he went to a movie at about 11.30, returning home at 3.10 to find his father dead and himself arrested.
he also claims that the two detectives threw him down a half a flight of stairs.
are you trying to tell me that this knife fell through a hole in the boy's pocket, someone picked it up, went to the boy's house and stabbed his father with it just to test its sharpness?
no, but it's possib/e the boy lost his knife and somebody else stabbed his father with a similar knife.
we'll take in a guilty verdict to the judge right now.
but if anyone votes not guilty, we'll stay here and talk it out.
i mean, that thing with the old man, that was pretty unexpected.
wish i could figure out some way we could break it up.
anyway, in an agency, when we reach a point like this...
i'm telling him, in an ad agency when a point like this is reached in a meeting, there's always some character ready with an idea, see.
we're gonna all get sore throats if we keep it up.
what difference does it make if you get it here or at the ball game?
say the given point is the open window of the room where the killing took place.
you can reach out and almost touch the el tracks, right?
we've agreed that it takes ten seconds for a train to pass a given point.
since the woman saw the killing through the last two cars, we can assume that the body hit the floor just as the train went by.
therefore, the train had been roaring by the old man's window a full ten seconds before the body hit the floor.
the old man - "i'm gonna kill you", body hitting the floor a second later - would have had to hear the boy's words with the el roaring past his nose!
this is a quiet, frightened, insignificant old man who... who has been nothing all his life.
who has never had recognition or his name in the newspapers.
you oughta write for one of those kooky detective magazines, make a fortune.
for cryin' out loud, the kid's own lawyer knew he didn't stand a chance.
i have been listening very carefully and... it seems to me that this man has some very good points to make.
from what was presented at the trial, the boy looks guilty, on the surface.
if /'d done the stabbing, i'd take a chance and go back for the knife.
i'll bet he figured nobody'd seen him running out and the body wouldn't be discovered till the next day.
i don't remember, but i don't see how he could have run.
he said he went from his bedroom to the front door.
ever since you walked in, you've acted like a self-appointed public avenger.
you want to see this boy die because you want it, not because of the facts.
i'd like to go over something, if you gentlemen don't mind.
an important point for the prosecution was the fact that after the boy claimed he was at the movies when the killing took place, he couldn't remember the names of the movies or who starred in them.
it's the only alibi the boy offered, and he couldn't back it up with any details.
in the boy's place, do you think you could remember details after an upsetting experience such as being slapped by your father?
he had three months to the day of the trial in which to memorise them.
it's not difficult for a lawyer to find out what played on a particular night.
you have sat here and voted guilty with everyone else because there are some baseball tickets burning a hole in your pocket.
now you have changed your vote because you say you're sick of all the talking?
if you want to vote not guilty, do it because you are convinced he is not guilty, not because you've had enough.
and if you think he is guilty, then vote that way.
she said she went to bed about eleven o'clock that night.
her bed was next to the window, and she could look out and see directly into the boy's room across the street.
she said the lights went out after the killing, but that she got a good look at the boy in the act of stabbing his father.
as far as i can see it, this is unshakeable testimony.
i'm also guessing that she didn't put them on when she looked out of the window.
she testified the killing took place just as she looked out.
she had to be able to identify a person 60 feet away, at night, without glasses.
you can't send someone off to die on evidence like that.
you've had the law read to you and interpreted as it applies in this case.
it's now your duty to sit down and try and separate the facts from the fancy.
if there's a reasonable doubt in your minds as to the guilt of the accused - a reasonable doubt - then you must bring me a verdict of not guilty.
now if, however, there's no reasonable doubt... then you must in good conscience find the accused guilty.
well, i thought we'd sit in order, you know, by jury numbers.
one, two, three, four, five - so on, around the table.
look, this kid's been kicked around all of his life - you know, born in a slum, mother dead since he was nine.
he lived for a year and a half in an orphanage when his - his father was serving a jail term for forgery.
'cause he's been hit on the head by somebody once a day every day.
he's had a - he's had a pretty miserable 18 years.
now, i haven't given it much thought, but it seems to me... that it's up to the group of us to convince this gentleman that he's wrong and we're right.
now, maybe if we each took a couple of minutes just to -
the old man lived downstairs under the room where the killing took place.
at 10 minutes after 12:00 on the night of the killing... he heard loud noises, said it sounded like a fight.
anyway, she looks out the window... and right across the street she sees the kid stick the knife into his father.
[ deep breath ] the time is 12:10 on the nose.
because if you don't have a motive, where's your case, right?
anyway, that, uh, testimony from those people... in the apartment across the hall from the kid's apartment - that was very powerful.
do you ever hear a kid call his father that anymore?
[ juror 8 ] fathers don't seem to think it's important anymore.
listen, when these fellas don't ask questions... it's because they know the answers already and they figure they'll be hurt.
maybe it's also possible for a lawyer to be just plain stupid, isn't it?
he claims that he went to a movie at about 11:30... returning home at 3:10 to find his father dead and himself arrested.
he also claims that the two detectives who arrested him... threw him down a half a flight of stairs.
so if you wanna be stubborn and hang this jury, go ahead.
the kid will be tried again and found guilty sure as he's born.
if there are 11 votes for guilty, i won't stand alone.
we'll take in a guilty verdict to the judge right now.
and that thing with the old man, that was pretty unexpected.
i wish i could figure out some way we could break it up.
well, i imagine the finest watchmakers in the world come from europe, huh?
anyway, as i was telling you, in an agency, when we reach a point like this -
we're gonna all get sore throats if we keep it up, you know?
what difference does it make if you get it here or at the ball game?
it takes a six-car el train 10 seconds to pass a given point.
now let's say the given point is the open window of the room where the killing took place.
since the woman saw the killing through the last two cars... we can assume that the body hit the floor just as the train went by.
therefore, the train had been roaring by the old man's window... a full 10 seconds before the body hit the floor.
[ juror 3 ] oh, what are you people talking about?
[ juror 5 ] well, it stands to reason he couldn't have heard it.
i still don't see how anybody can think he's not guilty.
there's something else i'd like to talk about for a minute.
this guy's trying to make you believe things that aren't so.
the kid said he was gonna kill him, and he did kill him.
what are you basing it on - the stories this guy made up?
you ought to write for one of those kooky detective magazines.
it could mean he didn't want the case, or he resented being appointed.
it's the kind of case that brings him nothing - no money, no glory, not even much chance of winning.
[ juror 4 ] i don't see anything funny about it.
the boy knew the knife could be identified as the one he had just bought.
well, i think we can assume the boy ran out in a state of panic... after having just killed his father.
when he finally calmed down, he realized he had left his knife there.
he would have had to be calm enough to see to it... that there were no fingerprints left on the knife.
now, where did this panic start and where did it end?
i mean, you're sittin' here, you're pulling stories out of thin air, you know?
a guy like this, if he's, uh, sitting ringside at the dempsey-firpo fight... he'd be trying to tell you that, uh -
look, i don't remember what he said, but i don't see how he could have run to the door.
ηe said he went from his bedroom to the front door.
mr. foreman, i'd like to see a diagram of the apartment.
- why don't we just have 'em run the trial all over again so you can get everything straight?
if we're gonna start wading through all that nonsense about where the body was found -
[ juror 8 ] we're not, not unless somebody else wants to.
he said he got to his own front door as fast as he could... and he swore it couldn't have been more than 15 seconds.
now, if the killer began running immediately [ juror 12 ] maybe he didn't.
my friend, for your three dollars a day, you have to listen to everything, you know?
now that you've got that thing in here, what about it?
the old man's apartment was directly beneath and exactly the same.
here are the el tracks, the bedroom, living room, kitchen, bathroom.
the old man heard the fight between the boy and his father a few hours earlier.
then when he's lying in bed, he heard the body hit the floor in the boy's apartment... heard the woman scream from across the street, got to his front door as fast as he could... heard somebody racing down the stairs and assumed it was the boy.
ever since you walked into this room, you've been acting like a self-appointed public avenger.
you want to see this boy die because you personally want it, not because of the facts.
if nobody else has an idea, i may have a cutie here.
i mean, i haven't given it much thought, but let's throw it out on the stoop... and see if the cat licks it up.
uh, we were behind 7-6... but we just started to move the ball, right off the tackle.
started cutting right - slash here and slash right in... cut right through.
an important point for the prosecution was the fact... that after the boy claimed he'd been at the movies... during the hours that the killing took place... couldn't remember the names of the movies or the stars who appeared in them.
this gentleman here has put up that point in here several times.
putting yourself in the boy's place, do you think you could remember details... after an upsetting experience such as being slapped in the face by your father?
i think so, if there were any special details to remember.
the boy couldn't remember the names of the movies he saw because be wasn't there that night.
according to the police testimony in court... the boy was questioned by the detectives in the kitchen of his apartment... while the body of his father was lying on the floor in the bedroom.
he had three months from the night of the murder to the day of the trial... in which to memorize them.
it's not difficult for a lawyer to find out what played at a particular theater... on a particular night.
you have sat here and voted guilty with everyone else... because there are some baseball tickets burning a hole in your pocket.
and now you've changed your vote because you say you're sick of all the talking here?
if you want to vote not guilty... then do it because you are convinced the man is not guilty... not because you've had enough.
and if you think he is guilty, then vote that way.
she tossed and turned for over an hour, unable to sleep.
finally, she turned toward the window at about 10 minutes after 12:00... and, as she looked out, she saw the killing through the windows of a passing el train.
she said the lights went out immediately after the killing... but that she got a good look at the boy in the act of stabbing his father.
as far as i can see it, this is unshakable testimony.
uh, the reason i asked about that was because, uh... you were rubbing your nose like -
oh, i'm sorry for interrupting... but you made a gesture that reminded me of something.
she didn't want to wear 'em out of the house so people would think she's gorgeous.
but when she saw this kid killing his father, she was in the house alone.
i'm also guessing that she probably didn't put her glasses on... when she turned to look casually out of the window.
and she herself testified the killing took place just as she looked out.
to continue, you've listened to a long and complex case, murder in the first degree.
premeditated murder is the most serious charge tried in our criminal courts.
you've listened to the testimony, had the law interpreted as it applies in this case.
it's now your duty to sit down and try and separate the facts from the fancy.
if there's a reasonable doubt in your minds as to the guilt of the accused - a reasonable doubt - then you must bring me a verdict of not guilty.
if there's no reasonable doubt, then you must, in good conscience, find the accused guilty.
it seems to me that it's up to us to convince this gentleman that he's wrong and we're right.
maybe if we each took a couple of minutes just to...
it is obvious to me that the boy's entire story was flimsy.
he claimed he was at the movies, yet he couldn't remember the names of the films he saw or who played in them.
anyway, that testimony from those people across the hall from the kid's apartment, that was very powerful.
didn't they say something about a fight, an argument, between the old man and his son around about seven o'clock that night?
when he was 10, he was in children's court: he threw a rock at a teacher.
when he was 15, he was in reform school: he stole a car.
they say he's real handy with a knife. oh, this is a very fine boy.
ever since he was five, his father beat him up regularly.
someone else claims he heard the killing, saw the boy run out after, and there was circumstantial evidence.
but those two witnesses were the entire case for the prosecution.
this is where the stories offered by the state and the boy diverge slightly.
he claims that he went to a movie at about 11.30, returning home at 3.10 to find his father dead and himself arrested.
if there are eleven votes for guilty, i won't stand alone.
we'll take in a guilty verdict to the judge right now.
it's not easy to stand alone against the ridicule of others.
so he gambled for support and i gave it to him.
i imagine the finest watchmakers in the world come from europe.
anyway, in an agency, when we reach a point like this...
it takes a six-car el train ten seconds to pass a given point.
say the given point is the open window of the room where the killing took place.
since the woman saw the killing through the last two cars, we can assume that the body hit the floor just as the train went by.
therefore, the train had been roaring by the old man's window a full ten seconds before the body hit the floor.
- he said he yelled at the top of his voice.
he couldn't have identified the voice with the el roaring by.
i still don't see how anybody can think he's not guilty.
there's something else i'd like to talk about for a minute.
for cryin' out loud, the kid's own lawyer knew he didn't stand a chance.
right from the beginning, his own lawyer knew, and you could see it.
i have made some notes here, and i would like, please, to say something.
i have been listening very carefully and... it seems to me that this man has some very good points to make.
at three o'clock or so, and he was captured by two detectives in the hallway of his house.
now, my question is: if he really had killed his father, why would he come back home three hours later?
if i'd done the stabbing, i'd take a chance and go back for the knife.
i'll bet he figured nobody'd seen him running out and the body wouldn't be discovered till the next day.
i don't remember, but i don't see how he could have run.
he said he went from his bedroom to the front door.
brother, i've seen all kinds of dishonesty in my day, but this little display takes the cake.
you all come in here with your hearts bleeding' about slum kids and injustice.
that we are notified by mail to come down to this place to decide on the guilt or innocence of a man we... we have never heard of before.
we have nothing to gain or lose by... by our verdict.
if nobody else has an idea, i might have a cutie here.
let's throw it out and see if the cat licks it up.
in the boy's place, do you think you could remember details after an upsetting experience such as being slapped by your father?
i think so, if there were any special details to remember.
it's not difficult for a lawyer to find out what played on a particular night.
i'll take the testimony from right after the murder, when he couldn't remember a thing about the movies, great emotional stress or not.
it's been bothering me a little, and as long as we're stuck...
there was this whole business about the stab wound and how it was made.
and if you think he is guilty, then vote that way.
or don't you have the guts to do what you think is right?
human life don't mean as much to them as it does to us.
they're lushing it up and fighting all the time, and if somebody gets killed, somebody gets killed!
she said she went to bed about eleven o'clock that night.
her bed was next to the window, and she could look out and see directly into the boy's room across the street.
she said the lights went out after the killing, but that she got a good look at the boy in the act of stabbing his father.
as far as i can see it, this is unshakeable testimony.
she didn't wanna wear 'em out of the house so people'd think she's gorgeous.
but when she saw this kid killing' his father, she was in the house alone.
you've had the law read to you and interpreted as it applies in this case.
it's now your duty to sit down and try and separate the facts from the fancy.
if there's a reasonable doubt in your minds as to the guilt of the accused... a reasonable doubt... then you must bring me a verdict of not guilty.
now if, however, there's no reasonable doubt... then you must in good conscience find the accused guilty.
the old man lived downstairs under the room where the killing took place.
at 10 minutes after 12:00 on the night of the killing... he heard loud noises, said it sounded like a fight.
because if you don't have a motive, where's your case, right?
anyway, that, uh, testimony from those people... in the apartment across the hall from the kid's apartment... that was very powerful.
listen, when these fellas don't ask questions... it's because they know the answers already and they figure they'll be hurt.
maybe it's also possible for a lawyer to be just plain stupid, isn't it?
he claims that he went to a movie at about 11:30... returning home at 3:10 to find his father dead and himself arrested.
he also claims that the two detectives who arrested him... threw him down a half a flight of stairs.
if there are 11 votes for guilty, i won't stand alone.
we'll take in a guilty verdict to the judge right now.
well, i imagine the finest watchmakers in the world come from europe, huh?
anyway, as i was telling you, in an agency, when we reach a point like this...
we're gonna all get sore throats if we keep it up, you know?
what difference does it make if you get it here or at the ball game?
it takes a six-car el train 10 seconds to pass a given point.
now let's say the given point is the open window of the room where the killing took place.
since the woman saw the killing through the last two cars... we can assume that the body hit the floor just as the train went by.
therefore, the train had been roaring by the old man's window... a full 10 seconds before the body hit the floor.
i still don't see how anybody can think he's not guilty.
there's something else i'd like to talk about for a minute.
this guy's trying to make you believe things that aren't so.
the kid said he was gonna kill him, and he did kill him.
well, i think we can assume the boy ran out in a state of panic... after having just killed his father.
when he finally calmed down, he realized he had left his knife there.
he would have had to be calm enough to see to it... that there were no fingerprints left on the knife.
now, where did this panic start and where did it end?
you ought to be at atlantic city at that hairsplitters convention.
hey, why don't you stop makin' smart remarks all the time, huh?
my friend, for your three dollars a day, you have to listen to everything, you know?
now that you've got that thing in here, what about it?
the old man's apartment was directly beneath and exactly the same.
here are the el tracks, the bedroom, living room, kitchen, bathroom.
brother, i've seen all kinds of dishonesty in my day, but this little display takes the cake.
you all come in here with your hearts bleeding all over the floor about slum kids and injustice.
what it must feel like to want to pull the switch.
ever since you walked into this room, you've been acting like a self-appointed public avenger.
that we are notified by mail... to come down to this place to decide on the guilt or innocence... of a man we have never heard of before.
we have nothing to gain or lose by... by our verdict.
i'd like to go over something, if you gentlemen don't mind.
an important point for the prosecution was the fact... that after the boy claimed he'd been at the movies... during the hours that the killing took place... couldn't remember the names of the movies or the stars who appeared in them.
it was the only alibi the boy offered... and he himself couldn't back it up with any details at all.
putting yourself in the boy's place, do you think you could remember details... after an upsetting experience such as being slapped in the face by your father?
i think so, if there were any special details to remember.
the boy couldn't remember the names of the movies he saw because be wasn't there that night.
it's not difficult for a lawyer to find out what played at a particular theater... on a particular night.
i'll take the testimony of the policemen who interrogated the boy right after the murder... when he couldn't remember a thing about the movies... great emotional stress or not.
i mean, it's been bothering me a little, and as long as we're stuck.
well, there was this whole business about the stab wound and how it was made... the downward angle of it, you know?
you have sat here and voted guilty with everyone else... because there are some baseball tickets burning a hole in your pocket.
and now you've changed your vote because you say you're sick of all the talking here?
if you want to vote not guilty... then do it because you are convinced the man is not guilty... not because you've had enough.
and if you think he is guilty, then vote that way.
she tossed and turned for over an hour, unable to sleep.
finally, she turned toward the window at about 10 minutes after 12:00... and, as she looked out, she saw the killing through the windows of a passing el train.
she said the lights went out immediately after the killing... but that she got a good look at the boy in the act of stabbing his father.
as far as i can see it, this is unshakable testimony.
uh, the reason i asked about that was because, uh... you were rubbing your nose like...
oh, i'm sorry for interrupting... but you made a gesture that reminded me of something.
she was making a tremendous effort to look 35... for her first public appearance.
heavy makeup, dyed hair... brand-new clothes that should have been worn by a younger woman.
she had to be able to identify a person 60 feet away, at night, without glasses.
you can't send someone off to die on evidence like that.
to continue, you've listened to a long and complex case, murder in the first degree.
premeditated murder is the most serious charge tried in our criminal courts.
you've listened to the testimony, had the law interpreted as it applies in this case.
it's now your duty to sit down and try and separate the facts from the fancy.
if there's a reasonable doubt in your minds as to the guilt of the accused - a reasonable doubt - then you must bring me a verdict of not guilty.
if there's no reasonable doubt, then you must, in good conscience, find the accused guilty.
the old man lived downstairs under the room where the killing took place.
at 10 minutes after 12 on the night of the killing, he heard loud noises.
that's very important because if you don't have a motive, where's your case, right?
anyway, that testimony from those people across the hall from the kid's apartment, that was very powerful.
when they don't ask questions, it's because they know the answers already.
it's also possible for a lawyer to be just plain stupid, isn't it?
this is where the stories offered by the state and the boy diverge slightly.
he claims that he went to a movie at about 11.30, returning home at 37.10 to find his father dead and himself arrested.
if there are eleven votes for guilty, i won't stand alone.
we'll take in a guilty verdict to the judge right now.
it's not easy to stand alone against the ridicule of others.
so he gambled for support and i gave it to him.
i imagine the finest watchmakers in the world come from europe.
anyway, in an agency, when we reach a point like this...
it takes a six-car el train ten seconds to pass a given point.
say the given point is the open window of the room where the killing took place.
since the woman saw the killing through the last two cars, we can assume that the body hit the floor just as the train went by.
therefore, the train had been roaring by the old man's window a full ten seconds before the body hit the floor.
- he said he yelled at the top of his voice.
he couldn't have identified the voice with the el roaring by.
i still don't see how anybody can think he's not guilty.
there's something else i'd like to talk about for a minute.
for cryin' out loud, the kid's own lawyer knew he didn't stand a chance.
right from the beginning, his own lawyer knew, and you could see it.
i have made some notes here, and i would like, please, to say something.
i have been listening very carefully and... it seems to me that this man has some very good points to make.
- if he knew the knife could be identified, why did he leave it there in the first place?
i think we can assume the boy ran out in a state of panic, having just killed his father.
he would have had to be calm enough to wipe off any fingerprints left on the knife.
now, where did this panic start and where did it end?
- this is just off the top of my head but...
if i'd done the stabbing, i'd take a chance and go back for the knife.
he didn't bring it up because he knew it'd hurt his case.
or because it would have meant bullying and badgering a helpless old man.
brother, i've seen all kinds of dishonesty in my day, but this little display takes the cake.
you all come in here with your hearts bleeding' about slum kids and injustice.
that we are notified by mail to come down to this place to decide on the guilt or innocence of a man we... we have never heard of before.
we have nothing to gain or lose by... by our verdict.
if nobody else has an idea, i might have a cutie here.
let's throw it out and see if the cat licks it up.
in the boy's place, do you think you could remember details after an upsetting experience such as being slapped by your father?
i think so, if there were any special details to remember.
it's not difficult for a lawyer to find out what played on a particular night.
i'll take the testimony from right after the murder, when he couldn't remember a thing about the movies, great emotional stress or not.
it's been bothering me a little, and as long as we're stuck...
there was this whole business about the stab wound and how it was made.
and if you think he is guilty, then vote that way.
or don't you have the guts to do what you think is right?
human life don't mean as much to them as it does to us.
they're lushing it up and fighting all the time, and if somebody gets killed, somebody gets killed!
finally, she turned toward the window at about 10 minutes after 12, and as she looked out, she saw the killing through the windows of a passing el train.
she said the lights went out after the killing, but that she got a good look at the boy in the act of stabbing his father.
she didn't wanna wear 'em out of the house so people'd think she's gorgeous.
but when she saw this kid killin' his father, she was in the house alone.
to continue, you've listened to a long and complex case, murder in the first degree.
premeditated murder is the most serious charge tried in our criminal courts.
you've listened to the testimony, had the law interpreted as it applies in this case.
it's now your duty to sit down and try and separate the facts from the fancy.
if there's a reasonable doubt in your minds as to the guilt of the accused - a reasonable doubt-then you must bring me a verdict of not guilty.
if there's no reasonable doubt, then you must, in good conscience, find the accused guilty.
the old man lived downstairs under the room where the killing took place.
at 10 minutes after 12 on the night of the killing, he heard loud noises.
that's very important because if you don't have a motive, where's your case, right?
anyway, that testimony from those people across the hall from the kid's apartment, that was very powerful.
when they don't ask questions, it's because they know the answers already.
it's also possible for a lawyer to be just plain stupid, isn't it?
this is where the stories offered by the state and the boy diverge slightly.
he claims that he went to a movie at about 11.30, returning home at 3.10 to find his father dead and himself arrested.
if there are eleven votes for guilty, i won't stand alone.
we'll take in a guilty verdict to the judge right now.
it's not easy to stand alone against the ridicule of others.
so he gambled for support and i gave it to him.
i imagine the finest watchmakers in the world come from europe.
anyway, in an agency, when we reach a point like this...
it takes a six-car el train ten seconds to pass a given point.
say the given point is the open window of the room where the killing took place.
since the woman saw the killing through the last two cars, we can assume that the body hit the floor just as the train went by.
therefore, the train had been roaring by the old man's window a full ten seconds before the body hit the floor.
- he said he yelled at the top of his voice.
he couldn't have identified the voice with the el roaring by.
i still don't see how anybody can think he's not guilty.
there's something else i'd like to talk about for a minute.
for cryin' out loud, the kid's own lawyer knew he didn't stand a chance.
right from the beginning, his own lawyer knew, and you could see it.
i have made some notes here, and i would like, please, to say something.
i have been listening very carefully and... it seems to me that this man has some very good points to make.
- if he knew the knife could be identified, why did he leave it there in the first place?
i think we can assume the boy ran out in a state of panic, having just killed his father.
he would have had to be calm enough to wipe off any fingerprints left on the knife.
now, where did this panic start and where did it end?
- this is just off the top of my head but...
if /'d done the stabbing, i'd take a chance and go back for the knife.
he didn't bring it up because he knew it'd hurt his case.
or because it would have meant bullying and badgering a helpless old man.
brother, i've seen all kinds of dishonesty in my day, but this little display takes the cake.
you all come in here with your hearts bleeding' about slum kids and injustice.
that we are notified by mail to come down to this place to decide on the guilt or innocence of a man we... we have never heard of before.
we have nothing to gain or lose by... by our verdict.
if nobody else has an idea, i might have a cutie here.
let's throw it out and see if the cat licks it up.
in the boy's place, do you think you could remember details after an upsetting experience such as being slapped by your father?
i think so, if there were any special details to remember.
it's not difficult for a lawyer to find out what played on a particular night.
i'll take the testimony from right after the murder, when he couldn't remember a thing about the movies, great emotional stress or not.
it's been bothering me a little, and as long as we're stuck...
there was this whole business about the stab wound and how it was made.
and if you think he is guilty, then vote that way.
or don't you have the guts to do what you think is right?
human life don't mean as much to them as it does to us.
they're lushing it up and fighting all the time, and if somebody gets killed, somebody gets killed!
finally, she turned toward the window at about 10 minutes after 12, and as she looked out, she saw the killing through the windows of a passing el train.
she said the lights went out after the killing, but that she got a good look at the boy in the act of stabbing his father.
she didn't wanna wear 'em out of the house so people'd think she's gorgeous.
but when she saw this kid killin' his father, she was in the house alone.
premeditated murder is the most serious charge tried in our criminal courts.
you've listened to the testimony, had the law interpreted as it applies in this case.
you know, born in a slum, mother dead since he was nine.
he lived for a year and a half in an orphanage when his father was serving a jail term for forgery.
it seems to me that it's up to us to convince this gentleman that he's wrong and we're right.
maybe if we each took a couple of minutes just to...
it is obvious to me that the boy's entire story was flimsy.
he claimed he was at the movies, yet he couldn't remember the names of the films he saw or who played in them.
anyway, that testimony from those people across the hall from the kid's apartment, that was very powerful.
didn't they say something about a fight, an argument, between the old man and his son around about seven o'clock that night?
someone else claims he heard the killing, saw the boy run out after, and there was circumstantial evidence.
but those two witnesses were the entire case for the prosecution.
he claims that he went to a movie at about 11.30, returning home at 37.10 to find his father dead and himself arrested.
he also claims that the two detectives threw him down a half a flight of stairs.
are you trying to tell me that this knife fell through a hole in the boy's pocket, someone picked it up, went to the boy's house and stabbed his father with it just to test its sharpness?
no, but it's possible the boy lost his knife and somebody else stabbed his father with a similar knife.
we'll take in a guilty verdict to the judge right now.
but if anyone votes not guilty, we'll stay here and talk it out.
i mean, that thing with the old man, that was pretty unexpected.
wish i could figure out some way we could break it up.
anyway, in an agency, when we reach a point like this...
i'm telling him, in an ad agency when a point like this is reached in a meeting, there's always some character ready with an idea, see.
we're gonna all get sore throats if we keep it up.
what difference does it make if you get it here or at the ball game?
say the given point is the open window of the room where the killing took place.
you can reach out and almost touch the el tracks, right?
we've agreed that it takes ten seconds for a train to pass a given point.
since the woman saw the killing through the last two cars, we can assume that the body hit the floor just as the train went by.
therefore, the train had been roaring by the old man's window a full ten seconds before the body hit the floor.
the old man - "i'm gonna kill you", body hitting the floor a second later - would have had to hear the boy's words with the el roaring past his nose!
this is a quiet, frightened, insignificant old man who... who has been nothing all his life.
who has never had recognition or his name in the newspapers.
you oughta write for one of those kooky detective magazines, make a fortune.
for cryin' out loud, the kid's own lawyer knew he didn't stand a chance.
i have been listening very carefully and... it seems to me that this man has some very good points to make.
from what was presented at the trial, the boy looks guilty, on the surface.
if i'd done the stabbing, i'd take a chance and go back for the knife.
i'll bet he figured nobody'd seen him running out and the body wouldn't be discovered till the next day.
ever since you walked in, you've acted like a self-appointed public avenger.
you want to see this boy die because you want it, not because of the facts.
i'd like to go over something, if you gentlemen don't mind.
an important point for the prosecution was the fact that after the boy claimed he was at the movies when the killing took place, he couldn't remember the names of the movies or who starred in them.
it's the only alibi the boy offered, and he couldn't back it up with any details.
in the boy's place, do you think you could remember details after an upsetting experience such as being slapped by your father?
he had three months to the day of the trial in which to memorise them.
it's not difficult for a lawyer to find out what played on a particular night.
you have sat here and voted guilty with everyone else because there are some baseball tickets burning a hole in your pocket.
now you have changed your vote because you say you're sick of all the talking?
if you want to vote not guilty, do it because you are convinced he is not guilty, not because you've had enough.
and if you think he is guilty, then vote that way.
she said she went to bed about eleven o'clock that night.
her bed was next to the window, and she could look out and see directly into the boy's room across the street.
she said the lights went out after the killing, but that she got a good look at the boy in the act of stabbing his father.
as far as i can see it, this is unshakeable testimony.
i'm also guessing that she didn't put them on when she looked out of the window.
she testified the killing took place just as she looked out.
she had to be able to identify a person 60 feet away, at night, without glasses.
you can't send someone off to die on evidence like that.
you've had the law read to you and interpreted as it applies in this case.
it's now your duty to sit down and try and separate the facts from the fancy.
if there's a reasonable doubt in your minds as to the guilt of the accused - a reasonable doubt - then you must bring me a verdict of not guilty.
now if, however, there's no reasonable doubt... then you must in good conscience find the accused guilty.
at 10 minutes after 12:00 on the night of the killing... he heard loud noises, said it sounded like a fight.
and he heard the kid yell out, "i'm gonna kill ya. "
it is obvious, to me anyway, that the boy's entire story was flimsy.
he claimed he was at the movies during the time of the killing... and yet, one hour later, he couldn't remember the names of the films he saw...
because if you don't have a motive, where's your case, right?
anyway, that, uh, testimony from those people... in the apartment across the hall from the kid's apartment - that was very powerful.
i began to get the feeling that the defense counsel... wasn't conducting a thorough-enough cross-examination.
i mean, he - he let too many things go by, little things that -
now this is where the stories offered by the state and the boy... begin to diverge slightly.
he claims that he went to a movie at about 11:30... returning home at 3:10 to find his father dead and himself arrested.
i think it's quite clear that the boy never went to the movies that night.
no one in the house saw him go out at 11:30.
if there are 11 votes for guilty, i won't stand alone.
we'll take in a guilty verdict to the judge right now.
well, i imagine the finest watchmakers in the world come from europe, huh?
anyway, as i was telling you, in an agency, when we reach a point like this -
we're gonna all get sore throats if we keep it up, you know?
what difference does it make if you get it here or at the ball game?
it takes a six-car el train 10 seconds to pass a given point.
now let's say the given point is the open window of the room where the killing took place.
since the woman saw the killing through the last two cars... we can assume that the body hit the floor just as the train went by.
therefore, the train had been roaring by the old man's window... a full 10 seconds before the body hit the floor.
i still don't see how anybody can think he's not guilty.
there's something else i'd like to talk about for a minute.
this guy's trying to make you believe things that aren't so.
the kid said he was gonna kill him, and he did kill him.
what are you basing it on - the stories this guy made up?
you ought to write for one of those kooky detective magazines.
it could mean he didn't want the case, or he resented being appointed.
it's the kind of case that brings him nothing - no money, no glory, not even much chance of winning.
well, i think we can assume the boy ran out in a state of panic... after having just killed his father.
when he finally calmed down, he realized he had left his knife there.
he would have had to be calm enough to see to it... that there were no fingerprints left on the knife.
now, where did this panic start and where did it end?
you ought to be at atlantic city at that hairsplitters convention.
hey, why don't you stop makin' smart remarks all the time, huh?
my friend, for your three dollars a day, you have to listen to everything, you know?
now that you've got that thing in here, what about it?
the old man's apartment was directly beneath and exactly the same.
here are the el tracks, the bedroom, living room, kitchen, bathroom.
brother, i've seen all kinds of dishonesty in my day, but this little display takes the cake.
you all come in here with your hearts bleeding all over the floor about slum kids and injustice.
what it must feel like to want to pull the switch.
ever since you walked into this room, you've been acting like a self-appointed public avenger.
that we are notified by mail... to come down to this place to decide on the guilt or innocence... of a man we have never heard of before.
we have nothing to gain or lose by - by our verdict.
uh, we were behind 7-6... but we just started to move the ball, right off the tackle.
started cutting right - slash here and slash right in... cut right through.
an important point for the prosecution was the fact... that after the boy claimed he'd been at the movies... during the hours that the killing took place... couldn't remember the names of the movies or the stars who appeared in them.
this gentleman here has put up that point in here several times.
putting yourself in the boy's place, do you think you could remember details... after an upsetting experience such as being slapped in the face by your father?
i think so, if there were any special details to remember.
the boy couldn't remember the names of the movies he saw because be wasn't there that night.
according to the police testimony in court... the boy was questioned by the detectives in the kitchen of his apartment... while the body of his father was lying on the floor in the bedroom.
he had three months from the night of the murder to the day of the trial... in which to memorize them.
it's not difficult for a lawyer to find out what played at a particular theater... on a particular night.
i mean, it's been bothering me a little, and as long as we're stuck.
well, there was this whole business about the stab wound and how it was made - the downward angle of it, you know?
you have sat here and voted guilty with everyone else... because there are some baseball tickets burning a hole in your pocket.
and now you've changed your vote because you say you're sick of all the talking here?
if you want to vote not guilty... then do it because you are convinced the man is not guilty... not because you've had enough.
and if you think he is guilty, then vote that way.
you've made some excellent points, but i still believe the boy is guilty of murder... and i have two reasons.
one, the evidence given by the woman across the street... who actually saw the murder committed.
her bed was next to the window, and she could look out while lying down... and see directly into the boy's room across the street.
she tossed and turned for over an hour, unable to sleep.
finally, she turned toward the window at about 10 minutes after 12:00... and, as she looked out, she saw the killing through the windows of a passing el train.
she said the lights went out immediately after the killing... but that she got a good look at the boy in the act of stabbing his father.
uh, the reason i asked about that was because, uh... you were rubbing your nose like -
oh, i'm sorry for interrupting... but you made a gesture that reminded me of something.
she didn't want to wear 'em out of the house so people would think she's gorgeous.
but when she saw this kid killing his father, she was in the house alone.
i'm also guessing that she probably didn't put her glasses on... when she turned to look casually out of the window.
and she herself testified the killing took place just as she looked out.
to continue, you've listened to a long and complex case, murder in the first degree.
premeditated murder is the most serious charge tried in our criminal courts.
you've listened to the testimony, you've had the law read to you and interpreted as it applies in this case.
it's now your duty to sit down and try and separate the facts from the fancy.
if there's a reasonable doubt in your minds as to the guilt of the accused, a reasonable doubt, then you must bring me a verdict of not guilty.
if, however, there's no reasonable doubt, then you must, in good conscience, find the accused guilty.
what gets me is the way those lawyers talk and talk and talk, even when it's an open-and-shut case like this one.
i mean, did you ever hear so much talk about nothing?
oh, listen, you analyze the figures, you'll see it happens all the time.
i'm telling you, they let those kids run wild up there.
you know, born in a slum, mother dead since he was nine.
he lived for a year and a half in an orphanage when his father was serving a jail term for forgery.
it is obvious to me, anyway, that the boy's entire story was flimsy.
he claimed he was at the movies during the time of the killing and yet one hour later, he couldn't remember the names of the films he saw or who played in them.
anyway, that testimony from those people in the apartment across the hall from the kid's apartment, that was very powerful.
didn't they say something about a fight, an argument, between the old man and his son around about 7:00 that night?
someone else claims he heard the killing, saw the boy run out afterwards, and there was a lot of circumstantial evidence.
but actually those two witnesses were the entire case for the prosecution.
the storekeeper who sold it to him said it was the only one of its kind he had ever had in stock.
three, he met some friends of his in front of a tavern about 8:45.
he claims that he went to a movie at about 11:30, returning home at 3:10 to find his father dead and himself arrested.
he also claims that the two detectives who arrested him threw him down a half a flight of stairs.
now are you trying to tell me that this knife really fell through a hole in the boy's pocket, someone picked it up off the street, went to the boy's house and stabbed his father with it just to test its sharpness?
no, i'm just saying it's possible the boy lost his knife and that somebody else stabbed his father with a similar knife.
if there are 11 votes for guilty, i won't stand alone.
we'll take in a guilty verdict to the judge right now.
well, anyway, as i was telling you, in an agency, when we reach a point like this...
i'm telling him about in an ad agency when a point like this is reached in a meeting, there's always some character ready with an idea, see.
now, let's say the given point is the open window of the room where the killing took place.
you can reach out of that window and almost touch the el tracks, right?
i lived in a second floor apartment near the el line once.
when the window's open and the train goes by, the noise is almost unbearable.
we've agreed that it takes 10 seconds for a train to pass a given point.
since the woman saw the killing through the last two cars, we can assume that the body hit the floor just as the train went by.
this is a quiet, frightened, insignificant old man who has been nothing all his life.
who has never had recognition or his name in the newspapers.
"junior, you do that once more and i'm going to kill you."
"get in there, rocky, and kill him" we say it everyday.
the kid said he was going to kill him and he did kill him.
let me ask you this, do you really think the boy would shout it out a thing like that so the whole neighborhood could hear him?
for crying out loud, the kid's own lawyer knew he didn't stand a chance.
right from the beginning, his own lawyer knew, and you could see it.
it could mean he didn't want the case or he resented being appointed.
it's the kind of case that brings you nothing, no money, no glory, not even much chance of winning.
i have been listening very carefully and it seems to me that this man has some very good points to make.
from what was presented at the trial, the boy looks guilty, on the surface.
he came back home at 3:00 or so, and he was captured by two detectives in the hallway of his house.
now, my question is, if he really had killed his father, why would he come back home three hours later?
well, i think we can assume the boy ran out in a state of panic after having just killed his father.
when he finally calmed down, he realized he'd left his knife there.
the woman across the street testified that the moment after she saw the killing, that is, a moment after the train went by, she screamed, and then went to telephone the police.
now, the boy certainly must have heard the scream, so he knew that somebody saw something.
two, if he did hear it, he may not have connected it with his own acts.
remember, he lived in a neighborhood where screams were fairly commonplace.
you're sitting here, you're pulling stories out of thin air, you know?
a guy like this, if he's sitting ringside at the dempsey-firpo fight, he'd be trying to tell you that...
look, i don't remember what he said, but i don't see how he could have run to the door.
he said he went from his bedroom to the front door.
mr. foreman, i'd like to see a diagram of the apartment.
look, why don't we have him run the trial all over again, so...
heard the upstairs door open, the footsteps start down the stairs.
he said he got to his own front door as fast as he could and he swore it couldn't have been more than 15 seconds.
hey, why don't you stop making smart remarks all the time, huh?
my friend, for your $3 a day, you have to listen to everything.
the old man's apartment was directly beneath and exactly the same.
here are the el tracks, the bedroom, living room, kitchen, bathroom, here's the hall, here are the stairs.
then when he's lying in his bed, he heard the body hit the floor in the boy's apartment, heard the woman scream from across the street, got to his front door as fast as he could,
heard somebody racing down the stairs and assumed it was the boy.
brother, i've seen all kinds of dishonesty in my day, but this little display takes the cake.
you all come in here with your hearts bleeding all over the floor about slum kids and injustice.
if nobody else has an idea, i might have a cutie here.
i mean, i haven't given it much thought, but let's throw it down on the stoop and see if the cat licks it up.
i'd like to go over something, if you gentlemen don't mind.
an important point for the prosecution was the fact that after the boy claimed he'd been at the movies during the hours that the killing took place, he couldn't remember the names of the movies or the stars who appeared in them.
it was the only alibi the boy offered, and he himself couldn't back it up with any details at all.
putting yourselves in the boy's place, do you think you could remember details after an upsetting experience such as being slapped in the face by your father?
i think so, if there were any special details to remember.
the boy couldn't remember the names of the movies he saw, because he wasn't there that night.
it's not difficult for a lawyer to find out what played at a particular theater on a particular night.
i'll take the testimony of the policeman who interrogated the boy right after the murder, when he couldn't remember a thing about the movies, great emotional stress or not.
you have sat here and voted guilty with everyone else because there are some baseball tickets burning a hole in your pocket.
now you have changed your vote because you say you're sick of all the talking here?
if you want to vote not guilty, then do it because you are convinced the man is not guilty, not because you've had enough.
and if you think he is guilty, then vote that way.
she tossed and turned for over an hour, unable to sleep.
finally, she turned toward the window at about 12:10, and as she looked out, she saw the killing through the windows of a passing el train.
she said the lights went out immediately after the killing, but that she got a good look at the boy in the act of stabbing his father.
as far as i can see it, this is unshakeable testimony.
she had to be able to identify a person 60 feet away, at night, without glasses.
you can't send someone off to die on evidence like that.
you've had the law read to you and interpreted as it applies in this case.
it's now your duty to sit down and try and separate the facts from the fancy.
if there's a reasonable doubt in your minds as to the guilt of the accused - a reasonable doubt - then you must bring me a verdict of not guilty.
now if, however, there's no reasonable doubt... then you must in good conscience find the accused guilty.
well, i thought we'd sit in order, you know, by jury numbers.
one, two, three, four, five - so on, around the table.
look, this kid's been kicked around all of his life - you know, born in a slum, mother dead since he was nine.
he lived for a year and a half in an orphanage when his - his father was serving a jail term for forgery.
'cause he's been hit on the head by somebody once a day every day.
he's had a - he's had a pretty miserable 18 years.
now, i haven't given it much thought, but it seems to me... that it's up to the group of us to convince this gentleman that he's wrong and we're right.
now, maybe if we each took a couple of minutes just to -
the old man lived downstairs under the room where the killing took place.
at 10 minutes after 12:00 on the night of the killing... he heard loud noises, said it sounded like a fight.
anyway, she looks out the window... and right across the street she sees the kid stick the knife into his father.
[ deep breath ] the time is 12:10 on the nose.
because if you don't have a motive, where's your case, right?
anyway, that, uh, testimony from those people... in the apartment across the hall from the kid's apartment - that was very powerful.
do you ever hear a kid call his father that anymore?
[ juror 8 ] fathers don't seem to think it's important anymore.
listen, when these fellas don't ask questions... it's because they know the answers already and they figure they'll be hurt.
maybe it's also possible for a lawyer to be just plain stupid, isn't it?
he claims that he went to a movie at about 11:30... returning home at 3:10 to find his father dead and himself arrested.
he also claims that the two detectives who arrested him... threw him down a half a flight of stairs.
so if you wanna be stubborn and hang this jury, go ahead.
the kid will be tried again and found guilty sure as he's born.
if there are 11 votes for guilty, i won't stand alone.
we'll take in a guilty verdict to the judge right now.
and that thing with the old man, that was pretty unexpected.
i wish i could figure out some way we could break it up.
well, i imagine the finest watchmakers in the world come from europe, huh?
anyway, as i was telling you, in an agency, when we reach a point like this -
we're gonna all get sore throats if we keep it up, you know?
what difference does it make if you get it here or at the ball game?
it takes a six-car el train 10 seconds to pass a given point.
now let's say the given point is the open window of the room where the killing took place.
since the woman saw the killing through the last two cars... we can assume that the body hit the floor just as the train went by.
therefore, the train had been roaring by the old man's window... a full 10 seconds before the body hit the floor.
[ juror 3 ] oh, what are you people talking about?
[ juror 5 ] well, it stands to reason he couldn't have heard it.
i still don't see how anybody can think he's not guilty.
there's something else i'd like to talk about for a minute.
this guy's trying to make you believe things that aren't so.
the kid said he was gonna kill him, and he did kill him.
what are you basing it on - the stories this guy made up?
you ought to write for one of those kooky detective magazines.
it could mean he didn't want the case, or he resented being appointed.
it's the kind of case that brings him nothing - no money, no glory, not even much chance of winning.
[ juror 4 ] i don't see anything funny about it.
the boy knew the knife could be identified as the one he had just bought.
well, i think we can assume the boy ran out in a state of panic... after having just killed his father.
when he finally calmed down, he realized he had left his knife there.
he would have had to be calm enough to see to it... that there were no fingerprints left on the knife.
now, where did this panic start and where did it end?
i mean, you're sittin' here, you're pulling stories out of thin air, you know?
a guy like this, if he's, uh, sitting ringside at the dempsey-firpo fight... he'd be trying to tell you that, uh -
look, i don't remember what he said, but i don't see how he could have run to the door.
ηe said he went from his bedroom to the front door.
mr. foreman, i'd like to see a diagram of the apartment.
- why don't we just have 'em run the trial all over again so you can get everything straight?
if we're gonna start wading through all that nonsense about where the body was found -
[ juror 8 ] we're not, not unless somebody else wants to.
he said he got to his own front door as fast as he could... and he swore it couldn't have been more than 15 seconds.
now, if the killer began running immediately [ juror 12 ] maybe he didn't.
my friend, for your three dollars a day, you have to listen to everything, you know?
now that you've got that thing in here, what about it?
the old man's apartment was directly beneath and exactly the same.
here are the el tracks, the bedroom, living room, kitchen, bathroom.
the old man heard the fight between the boy and his father a few hours earlier.
then when he's lying in bed, he heard the body hit the floor in the boy's apartment... heard the woman scream from across the street, got to his front door as fast as he could... heard somebody racing down the stairs and assumed it was the boy.
ever since you walked into this room, you've been acting like a self-appointed public avenger.
you want to see this boy die because you personally want it, not because of the facts.
if nobody else has an idea, i may have a cutie here.
i mean, i haven't given it much thought, but let's throw it out on the stoop... and see if the cat licks it up.
uh, we were behind 7-6... but we just started to move the ball, right off the tackle.
started cutting right - slash here and slash right in... cut right through.
an important point for the prosecution was the fact... that after the boy claimed he'd been at the movies... during the hours that the killing took place... couldn't remember the names of the movies or the stars who appeared in them.
this gentleman here has put up that point in here several times.
putting yourself in the boy's place, do you think you could remember details... after an upsetting experience such as being slapped in the face by your father?
i think so, if there were any special details to remember.
the boy couldn't remember the names of the movies he saw because be wasn't there that night.
according to the police testimony in court... the boy was questioned by the detectives in the kitchen of his apartment... while the body of his father was lying on the floor in the bedroom.
he had three months from the night of the murder to the day of the trial... in which to memorize them.
it's not difficult for a lawyer to find out what played at a particular theater... on a particular night.
you have sat here and voted guilty with everyone else... because there are some baseball tickets burning a hole in your pocket.
and now you've changed your vote because you say you're sick of all the talking here?
if you want to vote not guilty... then do it because you are convinced the man is not guilty... not because you've had enough.
and if you think he is guilty, then vote that way.
she tossed and turned for over an hour, unable to sleep.
finally, she turned toward the window at about 10 minutes after 12:00... and, as she looked out, she saw the killing through the windows of a passing el train.
she said the lights went out immediately after the killing... but that she got a good look at the boy in the act of stabbing his father.
as far as i can see it, this is unshakable testimony.
uh, the reason i asked about that was because, uh... you were rubbing your nose like -
oh, i'm sorry for interrupting... but you made a gesture that reminded me of something.
she didn't want to wear 'em out of the house so people would think she's gorgeous.
but when she saw this kid killing his father, she was in the house alone.
i'm also guessing that she probably didn't put her glasses on... when she turned to look casually out of the window.
and she herself testified the killing took place just as she looked out.
to continue, you've listened to a long and complex case, murder in the first degree.
premeditated murder is the most serious charge tried in our criminal courts.
you've listened to the testimony, had the law interpreted as it applies in this case.
it's now your duty to sit down and try and separate the facts from the fancy.
if there's a reasonable doubt in your minds as to the guilt of the accused, a reasonable doubt, then you must bring me a verdict of not guilty.
if there's no reasonable doubt, then you must, in good conscience, find the accused guilty.
it seems to me that it's up to us to convince this gentleman that he's wrong and we're right.
maybe if we each took a couple of minutes just to...
the old man lived downstairs under the room where the killing took place.
at ten minutes after 12 on the night of the killing, he heard loud noises.
that testimony from those people across the hall from the kid's apartment, that was very powerful.
didn't they say something about a fight, an argument, between the old man and his son around about seven o'clock that night?
when he was ten, he was in children's court: he threw a rock at a teacher.
when he was 15, he was in reform school: he stole a car.
someone else claims he heard the killing, saw the boy run out after, and there was circumstantial evidence.
but those two witnesses were the entire case for the prosecution.
this is where the stories offered by the state and the boy diverge slightly.
he claims that he went to a movie at about 11:30, returning home at 3:10 to find his father dead and himself arrested.
if there are 11 votes for guilty, i won't stand alone.
we'll take in a guilty verdict to the judge right now.
it's not easy to stand alone against the ridicule of others.
so he gambled for support and i gave it to him.
i imagine the finest watchmakers in the world come from europe.
anyway, in an agency, when we reach a point like this...
say the given point is the open window of the room where the killing took place.
you can reach out and almost touch the el tracks, right?
he says he heard the boy say "i'm gonna kill you,"
and a split second later heard a body hit the floor.
since the woman saw the killing through the last two cars, we can assume that the body hit the floor just as the train went by.
therefore, the train had been roaring by the old man's window a full ten seconds before the body hit the floor.
this is a quiet, frightened, insignificant old man who who has been nothing all his life.
who has never had recognition or his name in the newspapers.
i still don't see how anybody can think he's not guilty.
there's something else i'd like to talk about for a minute.
for cryin' out loud, the kid's own lawyer knew he didn't stand a chance.
right from the beginning, his own lawyer knew, and you could see it.
i have made some notes here, and i would like, please, to say something.
i have been listening very carefully, and it seems to me that this man has some very good points to make.
if he knew the knife could be identified, why did he leave it there in the first place?
i think we can assume the boy ran out in a state of panic, having just killed his father.
he would have had to be calm enough to wipe off any fingerprints left on the knife.
now, where did this panic start, and where did it end?
i don't remember, but i don't see how he could have run.
he said he went from his bedroom to the front door.
ever since you walked in, you've acted like a self-appointed public avenger.
you want to see this boy die because you want it, not because of the facts.
that we are notified by mail to come down to this place to decide on the guilt or innocence of a man we... we have never heard of before.
we have nothing to gain or lose by... by our verdict.
if nobody else has an idea, i might have a cutie here.
let's throw it out and see if the cat licks it up.
in the boy's place, do you think you could remember details after an upsetting experience such as being slapped by your father?
i think so, if there were any special details to remember.
it's not difficult for a lawyer to find out what played on a particular night.
i'll take the testimony from right after the murder, when he couldn't remember a thing about the movies, great emotional stress or not.
it's been bothering me a little, and as long as we're stuck...
there was this whole business about the stab wound and how it was made.
you have sat here and voted guilty with everyone else because there are some baseball tickets burning a hole in your pocket.
now you have changed your vote because you say you're sick of all the talking?
if you want to vote not guilty, do it because you are convinced he is not guilty, not because you've had enough.
and if you think he is guilty, then vote that way.
finally, she turned toward the window at about ten minutes after 12, and, as she looked out, she saw the killing through the windows of a passing el train.
she said the lights went out after the killing, but that she got a good look at the boy in the act of stabbing his father.
she didn't wanna wear 'em out of the house so people'd think she's gorgeous.
but when she saw this kid killin' his father, she was in the house alone.
[ perfunctorily ] to continue, you've listened to a long and complex case - murder in the first degree.
a premeditated murder is the most serious charge tried in our criminal courts.
do you think you were born with a monopoly on the truth?
i think certain things should be pointed out to this man.
at 10 minutes after 12:00 on the night of the killing... he heard loud noises, said it sounded like a fight.
and he heard the kid yell out, "i'm gonna kill ya."
it is obvious, to me anyway, that the boy's entire story was flimsy.
he claimed he was at the movies during the time of the killing... and yet, one hour later, he couldn't remember the names of the films he saw...
anyway, that, uh, testimony from those people... in the apartment across the hall from the kid's apartment - that was very powerful.
didn't they say something about a - a fight and an argument... between the old man and his son around about, uh, 7:00 that night?
[ juror 4 ] i think we're missing the point here.
this boy, let's say he's the product of a broken home and a filthy neighborhood.
i began to get the feeling that the defense counsel... wasn't conducting a thorough-enough cross-examination.
i mean, he - he let too many things go by, little things that -
now this is where the stories offered by the state and the boy... begin to diverge slightly.
he claims that he went to a movie at about 11:30... returning home at 3:10 to find his father dead and himself arrested.
i think it's quite clear that the boy never went to the movies that night.
no one in the house saw him go out at 11:30.
we'll take in a guilty verdict to the judge right now.
but if anyone votes not guilty, we stay here and talk it out.
[ juror 7 ] no, i wouldn't like you to tell me why.
i'd like to make it clear anyway, if you don't mind.
well, it's not easy to stand alone against the ridicule of others.
so he gambled for support, and i gave it to him.
i wish i could figure out some way we could break it up.
you know, in advertising - i told you i worked in an agency.
anyway, as i was telling you, in an agency, when we reach a point like this -
i'm telling him about, in an ad agency, when a point like this is reached in a meeting... there's always some character ready with an idea, see.
let's, uh, run it up the flagpole and see if anyone salutes it."
[ laughing ] i mean, it's idiotic, but it's funny, huh?
now let's say the given point is the open window of the room where the killing took place.
you can reach out of that window and almost touch the el tracks, right?
i lived in a second-floor apartment near the el line once.
when the window was open and the train goes by, the noise is almost unbearable.
we've agreed that it takes 10 seconds for a train to pass a given point.
since the woman saw the killing through the last two cars... we can assume that the body hit the floor just as the train went by.
and, uh, it seems to me that this man has some very good points to make.
from what was presented at the trial, the boy looks guilty on the surface.
he came back home, uh, at 3:00 or so... and he was captured by two detectives in the hallway of his house.
now, my question is, if he really had killed his father... why would he come back home three hours later?
but if he knew the knife could be identified, why did he leave it there in the first place?
well, i think we can assume the boy ran out in a state of panic... after having just killed his father.
the woman across the street testified that the moment after she saw the killing - that is, a moment after the train went by... she screamed and then went to telephone the police.
now, the boy certainly must have heard the scream... so he knew that somebody saw something.
two, if he did hear it, he may not have connected it with his own act.
remember, he lived in a neighborhood where screams were fairly commonplace.
how come you're the only one in this room wants to see exhibits all the time?
- [ juror 5 ] i want to see this one too.
[ juror 8 ] we're not, not unless somebody else wants to.
but i'd like to find out if an old man... who drags one foot when he walks 'cause he had a stroke last year... can get from his bedroom to his front door in 15 seconds.
as soon as the body hit the floor, he said he heard footsteps upstairs... running toward the front door... heard the upstairs door open, the footsteps start down the stairs.
he said he got to his own front door as fast as he could... and he swore it couldn't have been more than 15 seconds.
hey, why don't you stop makin' smart remarks all the time, huh?
my friend, for your three dollars a day, you have to listen to everything, you know?
brother, i've seen all kinds of dishonesty in my day, but this little display takes the cake.
you all come in here with your hearts bleeding all over the floor about slum kids and injustice.
what it must feel like to want to pull the switch.
ever since you walked into this room, you've been acting like a self-appointed public avenger.
that we are notified by mail... to come down to this place to decide on the guilt or innocence... of a man we have never heard of before.
we have nothing to gain or lose by - by our verdict.
i'd like to go over something, if you gentlemen don't mind.
an important point for the prosecution was the fact... that after the boy claimed he'd been at the movies... during the hours that the killing took place... couldn't remember the names of the movies or the stars who appeared in them.
it was the only alibi the boy offered... and he himself couldn't back it up with any details at all.
putting yourself in the boy's place, do you think you could remember details... after an upsetting experience such as being slapped in the face by your father?
i think so, if there were any special details to remember.
the boy couldn't remember the names of the movies he saw because be wasn't there that night.
it's not difficult for a lawyer to find out what played at a particular theater... on a particular night.
i'll take the testimony of the policemen who interrogated the boy right after the murder... when he couldn't remember a thing about the movies... great emotional stress or not.
i mean, it's been bothering me a little, and as long as we're stuck.
well, there was this whole business about the stab wound and how it was made - the downward angle of it, you know?
and if you think he is guilty, then vote that way.
or don't you have the guts to do what you think is right?
you've made some excellent points, but i still believe the boy is guilty of murder... and i have two reasons.
one, the evidence given by the woman across the street... who actually saw the murder committed.
her bed was next to the window, and she could look out while lying down... and see directly into the boy's room across the street.
she tossed and turned for over an hour, unable to sleep.
finally, she turned toward the window at about 10 minutes after 12:00... and, as she looked out, she saw the killing through the windows of a passing el train.
she said the lights went out immediately after the killing... but that she got a good look at the boy in the act of stabbing his father.
it's not so easy to arrange all the evidence in order.
[ juror 3 ] you can throw out all the other evidence!
the boy in the gray flannel suit here is bouncin' backwards and forwards like a tennis ball.
no point in getting nasty and trying to turn this into a contest.
she was making a tremendous effort to look 35... for her first public appearance.
heavy makeup, dyed hair... brand-new clothes that should have been worn by a younger woman.
she had to be able to identify a person 60 feet away, at night, without glasses.
you can't send someone off to die on evidence like that.
premeditated murder is the most serious charge tried in our criminal courts.
you've listened to the testimony, had the law interpreted as it applies in this case.
you know, born in a slum, mother dead since he was nine.
he lived for a year and a half in an orphanage when his father was serving a jail term for forgery.
it seems to me that it's up to us to convince this gentleman that he's wrong and we're right.
maybe if we each took a couple of minutes just to...
it is obvious to me that the boy's entire story was flimsy.
he claimed he was at the movies, yet he couldn't remember the names of the films he saw or who played in them.
anyway, that testimony from those people across the hall from the kid's apartment, that was very powerful.
didn't they say something about a fight, an argument, between the old man and his son around about seven o'clock that night?
someone else claims he heard the killing, saw the boy run out after, and there was circumstantial evidence.
but those two witnesses were the entire case for the prosecution.
he claims that he went to a movie at about 11.30, returning home at 3.10 to find his father dead and himself arrested.
he also claims that the two detectives threw him down a half a flight of stairs.
are you trying to tell me that this knife fell through a hole in the boy's pocket, someone picked it up, went to the boy's house and stabbed his father with it just to test its sharpness?
no, but it's possib/e the boy lost his knife and somebody else stabbed his father with a similar knife.
we'll take in a guilty verdict to the judge right now.
but if anyone votes not guilty, we'll stay here and talk it out.
i mean, that thing with the old man, that was pretty unexpected.
wish i could figure out some way we could break it up.
anyway, in an agency, when we reach a point like this...
i'm telling him, in an ad agency when a point like this is reached in a meeting, there's always some character ready with an idea, see.
we're gonna all get sore throats if we keep it up.
what difference does it make if you get it here or at the ball game?
say the given point is the open window of the room where the killing took place.
you can reach out and almost touch the el tracks, right?
we've agreed that it takes ten seconds for a train to pass a given point.
since the woman saw the killing through the last two cars, we can assume that the body hit the floor just as the train went by.
therefore, the train had been roaring by the old man's window a full ten seconds before the body hit the floor.
the old man - "i'm gonna kill you", body hitting the floor a second later - would have had to hear the boy's words with the el roaring past his nose!
this is a quiet, frightened, insignificant old man who... who has been nothing all his life.
who has never had recognition or his name in the newspapers.
you oughta write for one of those kooky detective magazines, make a fortune.
for cryin' out loud, the kid's own lawyer knew he didn't stand a chance.
i have been listening very carefully and... it seems to me that this man has some very good points to make.
from what was presented at the trial, the boy looks guilty, on the surface.
if /'d done the stabbing, i'd take a chance and go back for the knife.
i'll bet he figured nobody'd seen him running out and the body wouldn't be discovered till the next day.
i don't remember, but i don't see how he could have run.
he said he went from his bedroom to the front door.
ever since you walked in, you've acted like a self-appointed public avenger.
you want to see this boy die because you want it, not because of the facts.
i'd like to go over something, if you gentlemen don't mind.
an important point for the prosecution was the fact that after the boy claimed he was at the movies when the killing took place, he couldn't remember the names of the movies or who starred in them.
it's the only alibi the boy offered, and he couldn't back it up with any details.
in the boy's place, do you think you could remember details after an upsetting experience such as being slapped by your father?
he had three months to the day of the trial in which to memorise them.
it's not difficult for a lawyer to find out what played on a particular night.
you have sat here and voted guilty with everyone else because there are some baseball tickets burning a hole in your pocket.
now you have changed your vote because you say you're sick of all the talking?
if you want to vote not guilty, do it because you are convinced he is not guilty, not because you've had enough.
and if you think he is guilty, then vote that way.
she said she went to bed about eleven o'clock that night.
her bed was next to the window, and she could look out and see directly into the boy's room across the street.
she said the lights went out after the killing, but that she got a good look at the boy in the act of stabbing his father.
as far as i can see it, this is unshakeable testimony.
i'm also guessing that she didn't put them on when she looked out of the window.
she testified the killing took place just as she looked out.
she had to be able to identify a person 60 feet away, at night, without glasses.
you can't send someone off to die on evidence like that.
to continue, you've listened to a long and complex case, murder in the first degree.
premeditated murder is the most serious charge tried in our criminal courts.
you've listened to the testimony, had the law interpreted as it applies in this case.
it's now your duty to sit down and try and separate the facts from the fancy.
if there's a reasonable doubt in your minds as to the guilt of the accused - a reasonable doubt-then you must bring me a verdict of not guilty.
if there's no reasonable doubt, then you must, in good conscience, find the accused guilty.
the old man lived downstairs under the room where the killing took place.
at 10 minutes after 12 on the night of the killing, he heard loud noises.
that's very important because if you don't have a motive, where's your case, right?
anyway, that testimony from those people across the hall from the kid's apartment, that was very powerful.
when they don't ask questions, it's because they know the answers already.
it's also possible for a lawyer to be just plain stupid, isn't it?
this is where the stories offered by the state and the boy diverge slightly.
he claims that he went to a movie at about 11.30, returning home at 3.10 to find his father dead and himself arrested.
if there are eleven votes for guilty, i won't stand alone.
we'll take in a guilty verdict to the judge right now.
it's not easy to stand alone against the ridicule of others.
so he gambled for support and i gave it to him.
i imagine the finest watchmakers in the world come from europe.
anyway, in an agency, when we reach a point like this...
it takes a six-car el train ten seconds to pass a given point.
say the given point is the open window of the room where the killing took place.
since the woman saw the killing through the last two cars, we can assume that the body hit the floor just as the train went by.
therefore, the train had been roaring by the old man's window a full ten seconds before the body hit the floor.
- he said he yelled at the top of his voice.
he couldn't have identified the voice with the el roaring by.
i still don't see how anybody can think he's not guilty.
there's something else i'd like to talk about for a minute.
for cryin' out loud, the kid's own lawyer knew he didn't stand a chance.
right from the beginning, his own lawyer knew, and you could see it.
i have made some notes here, and i would like, please, to say something.
i have been listening very carefully and... it seems to me that this man has some very good points to make.
- if he knew the knife could be identified, why did he leave it there in the first place?
i think we can assume the boy ran out in a state of panic, having just killed his father.
he would have had to be calm enough to wipe off any fingerprints left on the knife.
now, where did this panic start and where did it end?
- this is just off the top of my head but...
if /'d done the stabbing, i'd take a chance and go back for the knife.
he didn't bring it up because he knew it'd hurt his case.
or because it would have meant bullying and badgering a helpless old man.
brother, i've seen all kinds of dishonesty in my day, but this little display takes the cake.
you all come in here with your hearts bleeding' about slum kids and injustice.
that we are notified by mail to come down to this place to decide on the guilt or innocence of a man we... we have never heard of before.
we have nothing to gain or lose by... by our verdict.
if nobody else has an idea, i might have a cutie here.
let's throw it out and see if the cat licks it up.
in the boy's place, do you think you could remember details after an upsetting experience such as being slapped by your father?
i think so, if there were any special details to remember.
it's not difficult for a lawyer to find out what played on a particular night.
i'll take the testimony from right after the murder, when he couldn't remember a thing about the movies, great emotional stress or not.
it's been bothering me a little, and as long as we're stuck...
there was this whole business about the stab wound and how it was made.
and if you think he is guilty, then vote that way.
or don't you have the guts to do what you think is right?
human life don't mean as much to them as it does to us.
they're lushing it up and fighting all the time, and if somebody gets killed, somebody gets killed!
finally, she turned toward the window at about 10 minutes after 12, and as she looked out, she saw the killing through the windows of a passing el train.
she said the lights went out after the killing, but that she got a good look at the boy in the act of stabbing his father.
she didn't wanna wear 'em out of the house so people'd think she's gorgeous.
but when she saw this kid killin' his father, she was in the house alone.
[perfunctorily] to continue, you've listened to a long and complex case... murder in the first degree.
a premeditated murder is the most serious charge tried in our criminal courts.
look, this kid's been kicked around all of his life... you know, born in a slum, mother dead since he was nine.
he lived for a year and a half in an orphanage when his... his father was serving a jail term for forgery.
do you think you were born with a monopoly on the truth?
i think certain things should be pointed out to this man.
now, i haven't given it much thought, but it seems to me... that it's up to the group of us to convince this gentleman that he's wrong and we're right.
now, maybe if we each took a couple of minutes just to...
the old man lived downstairs under the room where the killing took place.
at 10 minutes after 12:00 on the night of the killing... he heard loud noises, said it sounded like a fight.
do you ever hear a kid call his father that any more?
[juror 8] fathers don't seem to think it's important any more.
listen, when these fellas don't ask questions... it's because they know the answers already and they figure they'll be hurt.
maybe it's also possible for a lawyer to be just plain stupid, isn't it?
he claims that he went to a movie at about 11:30... returning home at 3:10 to find his father dead and himself arrested.
he also claims that the two detectives who arrested him... threw him down a half a flight of stairs.
so if you wanna be stubborn and hang this jury, go ahead.
the kid will be tried again and found guilty sure as he's born.
if there are 11 votes for guilty, i won't stand alone.
we'll take in a guilty verdict to the judge right now.
and that thing with the old man, that was pretty unexpected.
i wish i could figure out some way we could break it up.
anyway, as i was telling you, in an agency, when we reach a point like this...
i'm telling him about, in an ad agency, when a point like this is reached in a meeting... there's always some character ready with an idea, see.
we're gonna all get sore throats if we keep it up, you know?
what difference does it make if you get it here or at the ball game?
it takes a six-car el train 10 seconds to pass a given point.
now let's say the given point is the open window of the room where the killing took place.
since the woman saw the killing through the last two cars... we can assume that the body hit the floor just as the train went by.
therefore, the train had been roaring by the old man's window... a full 10 seconds before the body hit the floor.
i still don't see how anybody can think he's not guilty.
there's something else i'd like to talk about for a minute.
this guy's trying to make you believe things that aren't so.
the kid said he was gonna kill him, and he did kill him.
well, i think we can assume the boy ran out in a state of panic... after having just killed his father.
when he finally calmed down, he realized he had left his knife there.
he would have had to be calm enough to see to it... that there were no fingerprints left on the knife.
now, where did this panic start and where did it end?
i mean, you're sittin' here, you're pulling stories out of thin air, you know?
a guy like this, if he's, uh, sitting ringside at the dempsey-firpo fight... he'd be trying to tell you that, uh...
hey, why don't you stop makin' smart remarks all the time, huh?
my friend, for your three dollars a day, you have to listen to everything, you know?
brother, i've seen all kinds of dishonesty in my day, but this little display takes the cake.
you all come in here with your hearts bleeding all over the floor about slum kids and injustice.
what it must feel like to want to pull the switch.
ever since you walked into this room, you've been acting like a self-appointed public avenger.
if nobody else has an idea, i may have a cutie here.
i mean, i haven't given it much thought, but let's throw it out on the stoop... and see if the cat licks it up.
i'd like to go over something, if you gentlemen don't mind.
an important point for the prosecution was the fact... that after the boy claimed he'd been at the movies... during the hours that the killing took place... couldn't remember the names of the movies or the stars who appeared in them.
it was the only alibi the boy offered... and he himself couldn't back it up with any details at all.
putting yourself in the boy's place, do you think you could remember details... after an upsetting experience such as being slapped in the face by your father?
i think so, if there were any special details to remember.
the boy couldn't remember the names of the movies he saw because be wasn't there that night.
it's not difficult for a lawyer to find out what played at a particular theater... on a particular night.
i'll take the testimony of the policemen who interrogated the boy right after the murder... when he couldn't remember a thing about the movies... great emotional stress or not.
i mean, it's been bothering me a little, and as long as we're stuck.
well, there was this whole business about the stab wound and how it was made... the downward angle of it, you know?
and if you think he is guilty, then vote that way.
or don't you have the guts to do what you think is right?
she tossed and turned for over an hour, unable to sleep.
finally, she turned toward the window at about 10 minutes after 12:00... and, as she looked out, she saw the killing through the windows of a passing el train.
she said the lights went out immediately after the killing... but that she got a good look at the boy in the act of stabbing his father.
as far as i can see it, this is unshakable testimony.
uh, the reason i asked about that was because, uh... you were rubbing your nose like...
oh, i'm sorry for interrupting... but you made a gesture that reminded me of something.
she was making a tremendous effort to look 35... for her first public appearance.
heavy makeup, dyed hair... brand-new clothes that should have been worn by a younger woman.
she didn't want to wear 'em out of the house so people would think she's gorgeous.
but when she saw this kid killing his father, she was in the house alone.
i'm also guessing that she probably didn't put her glasses on... when she turned to look casually out of the window.
and she herself testified the killing took place just as she looked out.
i need to know if my trust in you is justified.
i need to know if my trust in you is justified.
you"ve been saying so since you got here an hour ago.
you"ve been saying so since you got here an hour ago.
the figures in the background are, or rather were, my people.
my poor father drank champagne all day... his own make and therefore well diluted with mineral water.
a symbol of our prosperity at that time was a french governess,
my father liked her rather too much, for my mother to like her at all.
not that this truth could always shield me and my family from the blows of fate.
i was not yet 19 when, along with my poor father, we lost everything that we had.
-dear boy, a hotel is like a little world in itself.
it is often ruled by women, just like in the real world.
why does he have to go to paris of all places, that sink of iniquity?
the profession i shall take up in the french capital is most respectable.
you'll see that there never was a more innocent piece of luggage.
you speak french very well - or maybe you're a frenchman?
i didn't know then under what changed circumstances we'd meet again a year later.
i'm a little too fast for them - the dirty dogs!
you might wake up one day as lord kilmarnock and as my heir.
milord, allow me just to wish you the very best on your journey.
tonight, after the show, he was standing at the door again.
i get scared, hurry off and take refuge in this dull place.
i can't think of your situation as a bad one, dear marquis.
a trip around the world is something beautiful and a year will soon be over.
a short time later i was travelling towards the blue horizon.
how imaginative life is in making our childhood dreams come true!
i was a nobleman at any rate and no fuss about it.
i was very happy, very proud of myself and enchanted with my elated ego.
the sea-anemone, however, is not a flower, but a species of animal fixed to the bottom of the sea.
after a sheltered youth it breaks away from its stem and swims along the coast, out for adventure.
-in my education at monrefuge castle great importance was attached to mythology, a hobby of my private tutor houpflé.
-then he wouldn't have had much time for the natural sciences.
or did he tell you how primitive in contrast to the brain, our arms and legs have remained?
they retain all the bones you find in the primeval land animals.
lisbon is very charming, even though today, after only 500 years, no longer enveloped in the fragrance of exotic spices from overseas.
what interests me the most is the great event, privy councillor.
'on the day of my departure i received an invitation from the palace.'
but the papers say that the king is at his summer residence.
finally i stood alone in the splendid reception hall, in joyful anticipation.
in front of me a golden-feathered peacock-eagle, presumably the symbol of the royal house, spread its immense wings, when unexpectedly, through silk-covered folding-doors...
then to the queen, a graceful slip of a thing, and finally... to princess beatrice, whose lack of youthful charm is made more obvious still by her amazing corpulence.
i may consider this audience a success due surely to my background rather than to any personal merits.
no, it is not at all unspeakable, and i'll put it into words:
we should embrace each other, even though nature has carefully separated us.
then you'd want to press your lips on mine, with our noses crosswise... and we'll be breathing each other's breath until we start behaving like cannibals.
you hurt me, because you're being unjust to love and to the kiss, whis is the tenderest exchange in the world, lovely as a flower.
however, after a few days in the citadel of silence, the prison, i was near to revealing my true identity.
but this confession would have earned me two years at least for swindling.
but even if we consider the worst, death is only a chemical process.
the dying person knows as little about it as of his birth.
and the kiss which you shine over with a 'patatipatatá' completely obliterates all separation.
and i've got to believe all this just because you put it so nicely?
i'm being asked about my whereabouts not only for one evening, but for four nights!
i'd have to mention somebody else and that would embarrass all of us.
let more mature persons lead you back to the right path!
susanna is a child and will marry hurtado, my husband's assistant.
as soon as you have read this please go and pay a visit to professor cuckoo...
i am deeply indebted to this famous scientist and as i cannot thank him personally, please do it for me at once.
i, felix krull, come of an excellent, but slighty seedy family.
the figures in the background are, or rather were, my people.
my poor father drank champagne all day... his own make and therefore well diluted with mineral water.
a symbol of our prosperity at that time was a french governess,
even then, my older sister olympia, fell for any man she saw.
although not related to us, my god-father, prof. shimmelpreester, lived with us too.
and on horse-back continued my triumphal progress, with my parents making obeisance.
the old emperor was one of my first parts, but it wasn't the last.
i was not yet 19 when, along with my poor father, we lost everything that we had.
and a little later, stood my personal plans an insurmountable barrier in the way.
propably inherited from his drunkard of a father who committed suicide.
the symptoms are unusually clear: choking fits, colour spots before the eyes, twitching shoulders, facial contortions, and abnormally acute sense of hearing.
the profession i shall take up in the french capital is most respectable.
-besides, he's been warmly recommended to the st.james and washington hotel.
although i don't even know where will i be put up?
i'm the new employee, felix krull... and highly recommended to the management.
i have an engagement for which i'd like to be in good shape.
it is not the rule to smile, if i'm not smiling myself.
milord, allow me just to wish you the very best on your journey.
and rest assured that i shall always remember with deepest gratitude the kind interest that you took in me.
well, yes, that's the first stop on my trip around the world.
lisbon once used to be the richest city in the world.
because to you it sounds like the name of a flower.
the sea-anemone, however, is not a flower, but a species of animal fixed to the bottom of the sea.
-then he wouldn't have had much time for the natural sciences.
or did he tell you how primitive in contrast to the brain, our arms and legs have remained?
that is not the first thrilling piece of information you've given me, but it is among the most thrilling.
take a shapely feminine arm... that embraces us, if we are lucky...
we passed dozens of ante-rooms, with a uniformed official at every door.
finally i stood alone in the splendid reception hall, in joyful anticipation.
we should embrace each other, even though nature has carefully separated us.
then you'd want to press your lips on mine, with our noses crosswise... and we'll be breathing each other's breath until we start behaving like cannibals.
inspite of my indignation about this scoundrelism, it was good to be embraced by a real marchioness.
however, after a few days in the citadel of silence, the prison, i was near to revealing my true identity.
i feel sorry for your life and for your splendid early promise.
but even if we consider the worst, death is only a chemical process.
- i had the honour of accompanying your ladies to the theatre.
subsequently i spent some time in the garden of your villa.
out of their separateness two glances meet as glances never do at other times.
and the kiss which you shine over with a 'patatipatatá' completely obliterates all separation.
in your own interest, don't force me to tell even more.
i'm being asked about my whereabouts not only for one evening, but for four nights!
for four nights and days i was an involuntary guest in your house.
your wife had locked me in, and i, the charming double-image...
not quite so much in style, and not for the sake of your blue eyes either.
you must be gone, without a trace, dead, so that we can straighten out our lives here.
yes, ladies and gentlemen, now here again, the plain untitled felix krull is speaking to you.
even though that won't remain my name for long, i'm sure.
that's no reason for makin' a public bath out of our water trough.
it is a little more public than i figured, at that.
just what kind of help you think you'd get from us?
well, now the way i see it, we got two choices.
we can wait here until it gets dark, or you fellas can make a tighter circle and i can get up outa here.
would you please throw me the towel off my saddle bag?
are you gonna get on that horse, or are we gonna make other plans for you?
i don't suppose any of you boys like to tell me where the old man went, would you?
we're scared somebody's gonna find out the truth about what we do.
we so scared, we, we don't even wanna talk to each other.
i don't think any of us should be ashamed of it.
we did it to keep this a good town, a friendly town.
[myrna] what does it mean, what is he trying to do?
oh, he's just some wildcatter trying to bluff his way in.
the worst that i can find out is that this fellow really owns the land.
i figure that if he does, he's the only one who knows it.
i know we were a little rough on you, and i'm sorry for that.
i'm even willing to overlook the fact that you're trespassing until we get this thing settled.
well, as i understand it, possession is nine points of the law.
and as you can see, i'm in possession of this place.
people in a small town don't like strangers prowling around their places at night.
so why don't you just climb on your horse and ride away from this place?
he seems kind of like one of us, now, i guess.
you people are pretty lucky to have an oil expert here, just when you found out that there was oil here, weren't you?
he grabbed me, tore my clothes, and hit me, and i got away from him and ran off.
when they heard what he tried to do, they came out here and got him, and hanged him.
but at least we made sure nothing like that will ever happen here again.
did the oil well have anything to do with it, dad?
i guess because i had to talk to somebody about what happened, because i feel like it's my fault he died.
and if he's related to him, or even just a friend,
[joe] that's why the story you told me didn't make sense.
but now that i know who you are, you've just got to believe me.
but as long as the people believe in it, they'll believe anything he tells them.
and what can i do to convince you i'm telling the truth.
not only that, he's make a wooden cross and put it on the indian's grave.
today he ride down the middle of town, with a cross and a rope hanging from his saddle for everybody to see.
i figure any man who'd use a girl to frame an old man hasn't got too much daylight courage.
you had to get rid of the old indian by having a whole town hang him for something he didn't do, then you're not going to shoot me.
someone who got there long enough ahead of her to get the old man drunk.
who was already back in town waiting for her to come in to make sure that you'd hang him.
the devil dust of your american friends killed our great chief, killed many of our people!
tano, you fear the americans because their medicine is stronger than yours!
the only thing he drank was the medicine you brought from the american doctor.
do you hear the truth from the wife of the guilty one?
you broke the law of our tribe when you brought your father to the americans!
it was their fiendish, unholy devil dust that made him sick!
how come they never talk about the malaria and the jungle rots, the fever and the heat, the stupid blind ignorance, and those drums?
yes, that propaganda they feed the innocent tourist is enough to drive a man to drink.
if i ever go back to the states, which seems unlikely,
i'll become a research chemist in a distillery, and combine business with pleasure.
i tried to save his life, but the old chief was too far gone from the brew of bacteria the witch doctor fed him.
by the time i got there, he was paralyzed, practically dead.
who would have thought that a freak typhoon could come out of nowhere and wreck all calculations.
well, the facts remain that the atomic fallout landed here and that we trusty scientists from the international foundation came running with our little geiger counters to investigate.
two husbands i've buried and now their's no one to care for me.
well, if we hadn't heard you scream, mrs. kilgore, we might be burying you beside you latest lamented husband.
my poor eddie and me, we opened the trading post to help these unfortunate people.
and you made a nice profit trading beads and knives in exchange for copra and the occasional pearls.
i knew you'd be tired from the trip, ducky, so i got a native girl to help you.
oh, i thought dr. arnold said the natives were angry with us outsiders.
she's recovering from the plague, but seems to have suffered a slight radiation burn also.
had she a history of jungle rot or dermatitis before the fallout came?
before the former chief died and son was killed the natives came to us for treatment.
however, the new chief, maranka, and his witch doctor tano, forbid the natives to come here.
and since he died the fire of your love has grown cold.
i could never have a traitor like you as my wife.
that's one of the advantages of living in this primitive area.
you can give your girl a fortune in flowers and it doesn't cost a cent.
nargu, i thought you didn't believe in that witch doctor hocus pocus.
i have heard of stories like this from my grandfather who was storyteller of the tribe.
dr. mason, you are wise lady, but there are many things even the wisest of us do not know.
this tree monster was torn loose from the ground by a bolt of lightning.
i beg you, pull up the roots so it will die before it murders everyone.
maybe you could throw it into the quicksand at the edge of the forest.
he reminds me of a chemistry prof i had at med school.
bill, during the operation, your arm accidentally brushed the knife in it's heart.
let's pack our frozen faced friend in a box and send it back to dr. falkner.
maybe he can use it in his office as a clothes tree.
my experiments show it requires at least 8 hours for the formula to take affect.
might as well all get a good night's sleep and meet here at six o'clock in the morning.
terry, when you re-created heart action in those monkeys, did they suddenly have the strength of gorillas, tear the place apart?
no, it took days or weeks before they had strength to run around.
we'll have our bravest men hunt it down and kill it!
as long as the tabanga's free, we are all in danger.
we've got to stop that monster before there's any more killing!
isn't it strange, that of all the natives on the island, the monster got maranka?
therefore, i'm the bait that must lead him to the trap!
maku, climb a tree, signal me when you see it coming.
and i've looked for that green goop everywhere, everywhere i can think, and i haven't seen a sign of it.
i never would have thought of such a thing from kimo.
of course, he was much taller than i, but there's something about a tall man that i, well i don't know, you look up at him and he looks down at you, and i don't know, you just go on like that indefinitely.
deary, island life is very pleasant, but there's nothing like a good pub.
maybe if you can hit that knife with the bullet it'll drive it clear through the monster's heart.
it has to turn to give me a crack at that knife, doc.
the devil dust of your american friends killed our great chief, killed many of our people!
tano, you fear the americans because their medicine is stronger than yours!
the only thing he drank was the medicine you brought from the american doctor.
do you hear the truth from the wife of the guilty one?
you broke the law of our tribe when you brought your father to the americans!
it was their fiendish, unholy devil dust that made him sick!
how come they never talk about the malaria and the jungle rots, the fever and the heat, the stupid blind ignorance, and those drums?
yes, that propaganda they feed the innocent tourist is enough to drive a man to drink.
if i ever go back to the states, which seems unlikely,
i'll become a research chemist in a distillery, and combine business with pleasure.
i tried to save his life, but the old chief was too far gone from that brew of bacteria the witch doctor fed him.
by the time i got there, he was paralyzed, practically dead.
who would have thought that a freak typhoon could come out of nowhere and wreck all calculations.
well, the facts remain that the atomic fallout landed here and that we trusty scientists from the international foundafion came running with our little geiger counters to investigate.
i don't know why you want to study those natives for anyway.
mrs. kilgore, i'm afraid you don't understand them the way the good professor does.
i knew you'd be tired from the trip, ducky, so i got a native girl to help you.
oh, i thought dr. arnold said the natives were angry with us outsiders.
it seemed to be almost cured before the fallout landed here.
before the former chief died and son was killed, the natives came to us for treatment.
it was for you that i helped kill kimo, my husband.
and since he died the fire of your love has grown cold.
oh, now norgu, i know about cannibalistic flowers, but this tree monster is utterly unbelievable.
dr. mason, you are wise lady, but there are many things even the wisest of us do not know.
please professor, if this one is like the other tabanga, you must destroy it at once.
i beg you, pull up the roots so it will die before it murders everyone.
before i could get to it, the americans had cut the roots and given it freedom.
now the evil spirits in the tabanga are too strong, it must be killed!
the radiation dormant in the monster must have set off a chain reaction.
we've got to stop that monster before there's any more killing!
and i've looked for that green goop everywhere, everywhere i can think, and i haven't seen a sign of it.
i never would have thought of such a thing from kimo.
of course, he was much taller than i, but there's something about a tall man that i, well i don't know, you look up at him and he looks down at you, and i don't know, you just go on like that indefinitely.
deary, island life is very pleasant, but there's nothing like a good pub.
and isn't nice you and the natives can be friends again.
yes, it looks like a honeymoon and back to the states for them.
the devil dust of your american friends killed our great chief, killed many of our people!
tano, you fear the americans because their medicine is stronger than yours!
the only thing he drank was the medicine you brought from the american doctor.
do you hear the truth from the wife of the guilty one?
you broke the law of our tribe when you brought your father to the americans!
it was their fiendish, unholy devil dust that made him sick!
how come they never talk about the malaria and the jungle rots, the fever and the heat, the stupid blind ignorance, and those drums?
yes, that propaganda they feed the innocent tourist is enough to drive a man to drink.
if i ever go back to the states, which seems unlikely,
i'll become a research chemist in a distillery, and combine business with pleasure.
i tried to save his life, but the old chief was too far gone from that brew of bacteria the witch doctor fed him.
by the time i got there, he was paralyzed, practically dead.
who would have thought that a freak typhoon could come out of nowhere and wreck all calculations.
well, the facts remain that the atomic fallout landed here and that we trusty scientists from the international foundation came running with our little geiger counters to investigate.
two husbands i've buried, and now there's no one to care for me.
well, if we hadn't heard you scream, mrs. kilgore, we might be burying you beside your latest lamented husband.
my poor eddie and me, we opened the trading post to help these unfortunate people.
and you made a nice profit trading beads and knives in exchange for copper and the occasional pearls.
she's recovering from the plague, but seems to have suffered a slight radiation burn also.
had she a history of jungle rot or dermatitis before the fallout came?
before the former chief died and son was killed, the natives came to us for treatment.
however, the new chief, maranka, and his witch doctor tano, forbid the natives to come here.
and since he died the fire of your love has grown cold.
i could never have a traitor like you as my wife.
that's one of the advantages of living in this primitive area.
you can give your girl a fortune in flowers, and it doesn't cost a cent.
nargu, i thought you didn't believe in that witch doctor hocus pocus.
i have heard of stories like this from my grandfather who was storyteller of the tribe.
dr. mason, you are wise lady, but there are many things even the wisest of us do not know.
this tree monster was torn loose from the ground by a bolt of lightning.
i beg you, pull up the roots so it will die before it murders everyone.
maybe you could throw it into the quicksand at the edge of the forest.
he reminds me of a chemistry prof i had at med school.
bill, during the operation, your arm accidentally brushed the knife in it's heart.
let's pack our frozen faced friend in a box and send it back to dr. falkner.
maybe he can use it in his office as a clothes tree.
my experiments show it requires at least 8 hours for the formula to take affect.
might as well all get a good night's sleep and meet here at six o'clock in the morning.
terry, when you re-created heart action in those monkeys, did they suddenly have the strength of gorillas, tear the place apart?
no, it took days or weeks before they had strength to run around.
we'll have our bravest men hunt it down and kill it!
as long as the tabanga's free, we are all in danger.
we've got to stop that monster before there's any more killing!
isn't it strange, that of all the natives on the island, the monster got maranka?
therefore, i'm the bait that must lead him to the trap!
maku, climb a tree, signal me when you see it coming.
i know that you like the doc, deary, but i had a real liking for that kimo, and i had a thing going once.
of course, he was much taller than i, but there's something about a tall man that i, well i don't know, you look up at him and he looks down at you, and i don't know, you just go on like that indefinitely.
maybe if you can hit that knife with the bullet it'll drive it clear through the monster's heart.
it has to turn to give me a crack at that knife, doc.
yes, it looks like a honeymoon and back to the states for them.
ah, by the way, professor, i never asked you, are you married?
if we go down the valley ... it is easier for us to break the neck.
the geneva convention stipulates ... that the generals will adequate transportation.
trust them, fight for them ... risks his life by those barbarians.
while these barbarians were great philosophers ... their ancestors had horns on his head.
the inquisition's rack and boot, the mercenaries trained to shoot, the tyrant's guns and cannon balls, the tsarist bans and prison walls, the traitor and the spy, all they have failed to take its life away.
this living spirit of revolt, of progress, liberty and right, shall not retreat before the night, shall nevermore be brought to halt.
in ruins evil round us lies, the avalanche's rush now dies.
in all the world there is no force that can avail to stay its course, that can put out the vital spark we now see glimmering in the dark.
in foreign lands live foreign folks, their ways are not your way.
there will be none to share your woes or pass the time of day."
come, come, master, look at the sheep pen, there the ewes nestle, and the lambkins have been born.
you have all good livestock, you shall have a lot of money, if not money, then chaff, you have a beautiful dark-browed wife.
bountiful, bountiful, new year's carol, a little swallow flew in and started twittering to call the master.
come, come, master, look at the sheep pen, there the ewes nestle, and the lambkins have been born.
we will never know suffering and we will celebrate the great works of the party.
in the workplaces and on the battlefields we held high our flag and honored it.
we strive for peace and workers around the world follow our example.
in the workplaces and on the battlefields we held high our flag and honored it.
our communist party makes us travel a road which is that of communism.
in the workplaces and on the battlefields we held high our flag and honored it.
because of them, we have been able to make this film.
this film was made to show the training of a modern army that serves to defend liberties that also permit the showing of that kind of film.
the mothers, vigilent guides of the public opinion, have become worried.
by making these boys perfect soldiers, don't we risk, during peace time, citizens marked by a too ruthless discipline?
you see, asking parents to come here is our last resort.
like i told you, there are limits beyond which we must act and apply the school rules, albeit reluctantly.
it would allow you to have more free time and stay closer to your wife.
why, am i not closer to you as much as possible?
it would have been better if i told you the truth.
carlo is right to say that i'm not a little girl anymore.
keeping his daughter at home for weeks because she is in love...
i thought he's a righteous father like the ones in the past.
because nine moons after first lack, plus nine days, makes 12.
could be day 12, but consider that sagittarians babies are overdue.
soon the night glow will set in the right place in the sky,
and you will come to manhood and hear silence no more.
and one of us will be dead by the other's hand.
it came to me that we might make a place of our own.
i've been on mars, where i went for the opening of a new television station.
it's all part of a scheme to take the best of our cultural advances to the martians.
belonging to a lodge is every man's civic duty, but joining two would be selfishness.
i'm not the type of man who'd neglect his wife and his home.
they are highly intelligent and my attempts to educate them were quite successful.
within a matter of minutes, they were able to spell out,
they say it'll make anything grow in any type of soil.
why do you waste your time in that silly old garden?
well, i don't know how it happened, but word leaked out somehow.
people all over town are whispering about henry running off with the other woman.
why, you don't know what i've had to put up with.
you're on his side because he's a lodge brother, but i'm his wife, and he ran off and deserted me.
when we found out about her, we figured maybe henry was still at home.
so some of the boys went out to your place and as soon as you left the house, they started to look around.
they are highly intelligent and my attempts to educate them were quite successful.
within a matter of minutes, they were able to spell out,
they say it'll make anything grow in any type of soil.
why do you waste your time in that silly old garden?
well, i don't know how it happened, but word leaked out somehow.
people all over town are whispering about henry running off with the other woman.
why, you don't know what i've had to put up with.
you're on his side because he's a lodge brother, but i'm his wife, and he ran off and deserted me.
when we found out about her, we figured maybe henry was still at home.
so some of the boys went out to your place and as soon as you left the house, they started to look around.
executed, my friend, by due process of the law and the inevitable grinding of the mills of the almighty.
now there is exhibit a for the prosecution in the matter of your last client, flanagan.
some sportsmen decorate their walls with the head of a lion they once shot in tanganyika, or some poor unfortunate rhino caught sunbathing in the congo.
these, mr. gregory, are my trophies, perfect memories of so very many imperfect crimes.
there is only one kind of murder that i consider pure.
that's the murder of elimination, the murder in which the sole object is to remove the victim from the world.
of course, i could have selected a tire with a blister, but i fear it would have been rather troublesome fitting it in there.
or i could have exhibited the thread ends from a tweed suit.
now, you knew ernest west, so you know he was a millionaire, wall street.
he had a lodge near smithtown on the island and he used it as a base for duck hunting.
during the season, he used to go down there almost every weekend.
west kept only one servant at the lodge, a housekeeper who had grown old in his service, but the one woman absolutely devoted to him.
he'd let her off the previous evening to spend the night with her daughter in jamaica.
she came back early to prepare his breakfast and found west shot through the heart.
you see, he couldn't decide whether to run or stay, even though he had a car waiting for him at the end of the lane.
so he paced back and forth, calming his nerves and collecting his thoughts.
you still haven't told me how you got on to harrington.
with all the evidence, all that remained was to relate the clues to one suspect.
it occurred to me that i might find my answer in wall street.
and sure enough, i discovered that in the three weeks prior to west's death, a certain common stock had risen 57 points.
two days after he was shot, it dropped back 63 points, so i searched further.
i found that a man named harrington had, on the day that west was murdered, been short 132,000 shares of that particular stock.
simply that this little weapon helped to execute an innocent man.
now look here, gregory, you of all people should know how precise, how painstaking, how objective i am about evidence.
you can't pop in here in the middle of the night and drop a bombshell like this.
four years ago in switzerland, harrington fell in love with alice west, and she with him.
west played dog in the manger, refused to give her a divorce.
of course, she left him, but that didn't help her towards marrying harrington.
what distressed me most was her listless attitude, as though some terrible thing had possessed her mind.
she went to her purse and gave me something to read.
then, as calmly as i could, i pointed out that someone had already done just that.
i'll never forget the way she looked at me or the change that came over her face.
he would never have used a toy to kill west, not in a 1000 years.
that he would or would not have used a.25 caliber is merely an assumption on your part.
oh, she was in europe, all right, before the murder and just after.
but did you check her passport, her entry dates through customs?
you live in a quiet little place all of your own, don't you?
shut off from the rest of the world like some lost tribe of aborigines in a forgotten quarter of the globe.
i'm going to tell you what really happened at west's hunting lodge the night he was killed.
alice west and harrington went down to see west together, to see if they couldn't get him to change his mind after all.
if only he could have breathed life back into west, he certainly would have done so, no matter what the price to himself.
but now there was nothing left but to help alice, and this he did.
you were right about harrington's walking back and forth, but not out of nervousness, not to calm his nerves.
he deliberately trampled out every one of alice's footprints, so all you could find were those made by him and by the housekeeper when she returned that next morning.
look, i don't intend to advertise this, but if you ever try to slip the noose around the neck of one of my clients, that's something else.
and with that slight exception, your reputation will be safe with me, don't worry.
come along, and i'll show you where i do my ceramics.
i'd like to take a shot in there if it's okay with you, mr. courtney.
you know, it's sort of a hobby room where you go to let off steam.
that's very apt of you, i must say, that reference to steam.
you see, the gold fillings in his teeth had resisted the heat of the kiln.
but all the good doctors and all the good police couldn't put mr. gregory together again.
as for the charwoman, she became the pride of the press.
here is where the real historical significance of the case lies.
ever since, cleaning women the world over have been knocking over vases trying to emulate her success.
that's all until next time when we shall be back with another, though imperfect, crime.
executed, my friend, by due process of the law and the inevitable grinding of the mills of the almighty.
now there is exhibit a for the prosecution in the matter of your last client, flanagan.
some sportsmen decorate their walls with the head of a lion they once shot in tanganyika, or some poor unfortunate rhino caught sunbathing in the congo.
these, mr. gregory, are my trophies, perfect memories of so very many imperfect crimes.
there is only one kind of murder that i consider pure.
that's the murder of elimination, the murder in which the sole object is to remove the victim from the world.
of course, i could have selected a tire with a blister, but i fear it would have been rather troublesome fitting it in there.
or i could have exhibited the thread ends from a tweed suit.
now, you knew ernest west, so you know he was a millionaire, wall street.
he had a lodge near smithtown on the island and he used it as a base for duck hunting.
during the season, he used to go down there almost every weekend.
west kept only one servant at the lodge, a housekeeper who had grown old in his service, but the one woman absolutely devoted to him.
he'd let her off the previous evening to spend the night with her daughter in jamaica.
she came back early to prepare his breakfast and found west shot through the heart.
you see, he couldn't decide whether to run or stay, even though he had a car waiting for him at the end of the lane.
so he paced back and forth, calming his nerves and collecting his thoughts.
you still haven't told me how you got on to harrington.
with all the evidence, all that remained was to relate the clues to one suspect.
it occurred to me that i might find my answer in wall street.
and sure enough, i discovered that in the three weeks prior to west's death, a certain common stock had risen 57 points.
two days after he was shot, it dropped back 63 points, so i searched further.
i found that a man named harrington had, on the day that west was murdered, been short 132,000 shares of that particular stock.
simply that this little weapon helped to execute an innocent man.
now look here, gregory, you of all people should know how precise, how painstaking, how objective i am about evidence.
you can't pop in here in the middle of the night and drop a bombshell like this.
four years ago in switzerland, harrington fell in love with alice west, and she with him.
west played dog in the manger, refused to give her a divorce.
of course, she left him, but that didn't help her towards marrying harrington.
what distressed me most was her listless attitude, as though some terrible thing had possessed her mind.
she went to her purse and gave me something to read.
then, as calmly as i could, i pointed out that someone had already done just that.
i'll never forget the way she looked at me or the change that came over her face.
he would never have used a toy to kill west, not in a 1000 years.
that he would or would not have used a. 25 caliber is merely an assumption on your part.
oh, she was in europe, all right, before the murder and just after.
but did you check her passport, her entry dates through customs?
you live in a quiet little place all of your own, don't you?
shut off from the rest of the world like some lost tribe of aborigines in a forgotten quarter of the globe.
i'm going to tell you what really happened at west's hunting lodge the night he was killed.
alice west and harrington went down to see west together, to see if they couldn't get him to change his mind after all.
if only he could have breathed life back into west, he certainly would have done so, no matter what the price to himself.
but now there was nothing left but to help alice, and this he did.
you were right about harrington's walking back and forth, but not out of nervousness, not to calm his nerves.
he deliberately trampled out every one of alice's footprints, so all you could find were those made by him and by the housekeeper when she returned that next morning.
look, i don't intend to advertise this, but if you ever try to slip the noose around the neck of one of my clients, that's something else.
and with that slight exception, your reputation will be safe with me, don't worry.
come along, and i'll show you where i do my ceramics.
i'd like to take a shot in there if it's okay with you, mr. courtney.
you know, it's sort of a hobby room where you go to let off steam.
that's very apt of you, i must say, that reference to steam.
you see, the gold fillings in his teeth had resisted the heat of the kiln.
but all the good doctors and all the good police couldn't put mr. gregory together again.
as for the charwoman, she became the pride of the press.
here is where the real historical significance of the case lies.
ever since, cleaning women the world over have been knocking over vases trying to emulate her success.
that's all until next time when we shall be back with another, though imperfect, crime.
have fun then but all alone because i'm packing at once.
in your place i would wait a while before going to see the old man.
but i must admit i've been very busy too on my side.
between the phone call from the neighbour and your installation here that's what i call some organization.
but i can assure you that the leaks, if there's any leaks, don't come from me.
i completely trust my secretary that you know very well now.
i'm going back to lead to tell him two words about yacoub.
we're going to put this one in the cellar waiting for something better.
but for you it was wonderful, he talked to you as if you were a woman.
i wanted to prove that i'm not a little girl anymore.
if you dare do anything to hurt my boy's happiness, i--
all i wanna do is enhance my own happiness, say, $5,000 worth, within 48 hours.
the name of clyde waters has as much prestige as any name in the valley.
getting him mixed up with a murderer's son won't do it any good.
just add another 5,000 to this and send it to the sands motel.
do you really think i would do a thing like that?
best thing i could do is stay out of the way.
oh, george, did you fix a cold drink to mr. mason?
it's just that in a small community, we're all willing to do a favour for one another.
and who did you the favour of reporting i was in town?
there's no use stirring it all up again just to hurt innocent people.
your motives are admirable, mrs. norris, but having read the transcript, i don't think i can drop it so easily.
it seems like someone set a can of hydrochloric acid in the kitchen, and when it suited them, they tossed in a few cyanide pellets.
something a chemical student like marv adams would be quite familiar with.
it matches that beat-up heap that adams boy was driving today.
better go out the waters' place and pick up that adams boy.
well, i asked her to but she seemed to be in a rush to get home.
look, mr. mason, the police can't seriously believe that i killed briggs.
the young fella you're talking about, do you recognise him in this courtroom?
sure, that's him sitting right over there, next to that city lawyer.
i have a right to a ruling without you continuing to make your point.
mr. mason, up here we're not used to having one counsel shout at the other.
he was a short, dumpy little man, square and as bald as a post.
that letter and this picture were both found in deveraux's desk.
counsel is changing the issue to another crime long since solved and handled in the court.
your honour, the evidence i seek is only for the purpose of showing a connection with the crime for which the defendant is on trial.
on a farm we learn to take care of those things with no outside help.
but the sprain was completely disabling, to the point that it would have been impossible for you to have gotten out of bed the night your husband was shot on the road leading to your farm.
it was never introduced because the defence failed to introduce miss x, the one person who could have testified to that fact.
mr. mason, you are trying to use this court as a stage for some of your well-known theatrics.
gentlemen, there will be no more outbursts like that in this court.
mr. mason, i'm inclined to agree with the prosecutor in this matter.
