having glided down to the lower branches, it runs back up them and jumps from one to the other.
so if the kokako, up in the trees, feeds in the same way as a squirrel might do, what lives and feeds like a mammal on the ground?
its tiny vestigial wings are invisible, buried in its plumage and it has lost all sign of a tail
if the kiwis live in a patch of forest close by the sea, then in the evening they may come down on to the beach to look for these:
and that will give us a chance, a rare chance, to see them out in the open.
to do so properly, we have to use our special starlight camera.
the kiwi is hunting along the strand line where there are lots of hoppers feeding on the decaying seaweed.
its sense of smell is so acute it can pick out the largest juiciest hoppers deep in the sand without even seeing them.
its feathers are just filaments, so that it almost looks as though it is covered with coarse fur.
probing sand with your nostrils is all very well, but it does clog them up, and so you need to blow them clear every now and then.
well, not far from here, bones like this have been dug up.
it's obviously a leg-bone, and at first sight you might think it was a leg-bone of a mammal, say perhaps, a cow.
but when you look at it closely you can see that it's got a honeycomb structure.
it's a bird bone, but the bone of a very big bird indeed, as we know from the rest of its skeleton.
among them were the tallest birds that ever existed, that weighed over 200 kilos, 400lbs.
there were about a dozen different species of varying size and weight.
up on the high moorlands, there were smaller species with thicker feathers to keep them warm.
the absence of mammals didn't mean that the moas had no enemies.
the only prey that was abundant enough to sustain such a giant were other birds and it's probable that it was able to tackle even the biggest moa.
its talons were certainly long enough to stab right through a moa's flesh and into its pelvis, as some of the bones show.
apart from bats which flew here, the first to arrive were those most dangerous of all, human beings.
they hunted the moas for meat and soon they had hunted them to extinction.
but a different kind of flightless bird does still survive, up in these high mountains.
like so many of new zealand's native birds that had abandoned flight, it had no defence against the alien mammals that europeans brought with them and that soon escaped and ran wild.
rats ate their eggs and killed the chicks, and cats and stoats massacred the adults.
there was a giant flightless coot that was originally very common.
but it got scarcer and scarcer and by the middle of the nineteenth century, it was thought to be totally extinct.
and then, just 50 years ago, someone in these remote valleys found something like this.
indeed, when only her lovely moss-green back is visible, she is well camouflaged from her only native enemy, a bird of prey, circling overhead.
0nly about forty pairs of takahe survive today in the wild.
the takahe's technique is to pull up a whole stem and then nibble just the bottom inch or so.
that's where most minerals and sugars are and it's the only bit tender enough to be easily cut.
0nly then will it be strong enough and skilled enough to feed entirely by itself.
now it's summer, but when winter comes, life will be even tougher.
then the pools freeze over and the tussock has no fresh shoots, even if they could be reached beneath the snow.
then the takahe is reduced to digging for tubers in the freezing earth.
so the birds' continued survival up in these barren moorlands is by no means assured.
0ne other flightless bird found refuge from mammals in these high mountains;
it lived in very much the same way as rabbits do.
it created tracks through its territory generation after generation, trudging along here and feeding by plucking these grasses and eating the succulent base.
this particular path runs under this bush and continues upwards along the highest edge of this narrow ridge.
the track leads to this shallow bowl, and there are others like it spaced out along the track.
and then in the night, he would come here and, crouching low, make a deep booming call which echoed out across these valleys, summoning the females to come to him.
but there were no females seen after the 1970s up here.
a female has clambered up into the top of the bushes, looking for fresh shoots and fruit.
her dappled green plumage camouflages her against attacks from falcons, but even so, she won't dare to venture into the topmost branches until it's dark.
nightfall, and now we need our starlight camera to see what's happening.
by midnight the male has plodded his way right to the summit of his mountain.
the female has found what she wants up in the branches.
she will need all the most nourishing food she can find if she is to produce an egg.
even at the best of times, she will not be able to accumulate enough bodily reserves to lay every year.
the male begins to inflate air-sacs on his chest that will act as resonators and so amplify his calls, sending them booming out across the valley.
but then in the last two seasons, seven young kakapo were successfully hatched.
maybe the species will come back from the brink of extinction after all.
0f course, only a minority of new zealand's birds have become flightless.
most, like these handsome spotted shags, have retained that characteristic talent of birds, the ability to travel by air, and worldwide, birds have exploited that ability to an extraordinary degree.
this is a parrot, a kea, but not the sort of parrot that is content just with fruit and nuts.
its beak can certainly cope with such things, but it can also give a bite that kills.
if they want the chick, they will have to dig for it.
keas became meat-eaters relatively recently and have no special adaptations to help them find their victims.
its hearing is many times more sensitive than the kea's, and ten times better than ours.
the feathered discs on either side of its face act like ear-trumpets.
the great grey owl's hearing enables it to hunt the year round, even through the arctic winter, when it's dark for weeks on end.
elsewhere, other owls locate their prey with a different sense: vision.
the bigger an eye, the more light it gathers, so the better it functions at very low light levels.
these eyes are so big that they can't even revolve in their sockets.
the great majority of a buzzard's attacks are failures but the energy spent on an attempt such as this was not great and the wind carries it back aloft.
the kestrel, little more than half the size of the buzzard.
so the blue of the sea around the cornish coast appears much more intense to a kestrel than it does to us.
for a long time, no one could understand how, or indeed if, that might help it to hunt.
they repeatedly mark their tracks with urine, and urine, in ultraviolet light, is very conspicuous.
so with ultraviolet vision, the kestrel can see the signposts that the voles can only smell.
their eyes are so acute they can keep watch over the plains from more than 1,000 feet up.
the warm columns of air rising from the baking ground and captured by their broad wings carries them up with very little expenditure of energy on their part and supports them there.
as more birds glide down, their descent is noticed from miles away in all directions.
and as each bird reacts, the news that a kill has been discovered spreads across the network of watchers in the sky.
it was the sharpness of their vision that brought them here.
but there's one bird that, exceptionally, has en extremely acute sense of smell.
here in the rainforest of trinidad there's an almost unbroken ceiling of leaves above me.
no bird flying in the sky above could see a piece of meat like this lying on the forest floor.
and already, it's less than three-quarters of an hour ago, they're beginning to assemble.
it seems almost unbelievable that the smell from that small piece of meat could have drifted up through the forest canopy and so permeate the air that it can be detected half a mile away.
their beaks are quite adequate for tearing off strips of flesh, and vultures, after all, do not kill the animals that they eat.
but those that do have to have much more powerful weapons.
this bird is huge, over three feet long, and it can kill prey over four times its own weight.
it hunts over the canopy of the east african forest and seeks particularly monkeys.
vervet monkeys seldom expose themselves by venturing into the very highest branches, so hunting them is not easy.
the eagle has relatively short wings for its great size, which helps if it has to plunge through the canopy.
its mate joins it, and together they return to their nest.
the chick is only a few days old, too young to tear apart the prey for itself.
it has a lot of growing to do and a huge appetite.
the adults will have to feed it for four months before it is ready to fly from the nest, and nine months after that before it is strong enough to hunt for itself.
this one, a sea eagle, is patrolling a forest-covered coast in malaysia along which it fishes every day.
those that live in the air have to fight in the air.
lake bogoria in the african rift valley, a soda lake fed by hot volcanic springs.
at first sight, a ferociously inhospitable place, and indeed it is, for most creatures.
the food chain that sustains a meat-eater could scarcely be shorter than it is here.
microscopic plants, algae, that can uniquely tolerate these salty waters proliferate in the sunshine by the ton.
so it can only eat a flamingo in the shallows or on the shore.
this concentration of prey is so dense that pairs of fish eagles have been able to establish themselves every mile or so around the margins of the lake.
but even this number of hunters has little effect on the size of the flamingo population.
fish eagles normally snatch fish from the surface of the water, they don't usually tackle a bird on the wing, but there is no need to do so here.
the big ones are too big and strong for a hawk.
the small ones can scuttle away and get safety in one of the cracks.
hawks all over the island keep watch beside the few beaches.
by the time the iguana has finished digging and laying, she must be tired, so the hawk then has its best chance.
it can't catch an iguana once it has reached its burrow, even though it might still be able to see it.
but some hawks are especially equipped for snatching their prey from deep within holes.
this lizard, however, has been caught by a shrike, a much smaller bird and too small to swallow such prey, but neither its beak nor its claws are powerful enough to tear its victim's body apart.
the acacias of africa provide all the hooks and spikes that such a bird could need for butchery.
prey as small as beetles and as big as stoats are treated this way.
some of the larger animals are left on their skewers, like hung game, so that decay loosens their flesh.
the lammergeier actually eats bones, but breaking up a large skeleton is an even bigger problem.
a lammergeier, hefty though it is, has not got the beak or claws to do that job.
it can swallow even the sharpest fragment, for its digestive juices are so powerfully acid that bone dissolves very rapidly.
the greatest prize is the marrow and to get that, the big bones have to be well and truly split and that takes perseverance.
a lammergeier may have to drop a bone up to 50 times before it hits rock at just the right angle to split it.
the bodies of other animals provide such rich food that a bird doesn't need to eat a lot of it.
but getting it nonetheless demands not only skill but often a great deal of effort.
an english wood is full of such food, but the dense cover makes things difficult.
it has flown it often enough before, sometimes two or three times a day.
its short rounded wings and long tail enable it to fly at speed through really narrow gaps.
five weeks must pass before the chicks are fully fledged and ready for their first flight.
they start with somewhat experimental outings, getting used to the feel of the air in their wings.
the high-speed aerial pounce, the peregrine's speciality, takes a lot of learning.
you have to be able, in mid-air, to throw your legs forwards with talons outstretched.
an adult joining the youngsters carrying in its talons a pigeon, wounded but still alive.
and the youngster takes it to make its very first kill.
in a month it will become the swiftest of all the world's hunters.
but only about a third of the earth is covered by land.
the rest is covered by water, of one kind or another.
there's plenty of food there, too, but you have to learn very different techniques if you're going to go fishing, as we will see in the next programme in the life 0f birds.
it is saying, "i'm ready to mate and i have got a great place for a nest".
some birds send the same message but use an additional medium:
not just sound but vision, as these frigate birds are doing.
their visual signal is normally an inconspicuous patch of shrivelled skin on the throat.
males who haven't yet got a nest keep a close eye on developments.
the female leaves, and one of the homeless males decides to make a challenge.
after the dancing, more gift-giving... weed from the bottom of the lake, a sample of what the couple intend to contribute when they make their nest together.
a male swallow-tailed gull also declares his intentions with a down-payment on the nest.
these powerful bills are quite strong enough to injure anything or anyone that dares to interfere with the birds.
but now, as the pair sit together on their nest site, they are used to deliver the most tender of caresses.
if both partners perform without mistakes and in harmony, then, at last, there comes the most intimate act of all.
mating in birds can be a very quick business, no more than a brief meeting of genital openings.
for most birds, the pair will now stay together for several weeks, if not for several years.
in the case of these waved albatross in galapagos, they will stay together for the rest of their lives.
and that, when you come to think of it, is very unusual
insects don't stay together, frogs and toads don't, lizards and snakes don't.
it's not so much the affection that one bird has for the other, as the concern it has for its own genes, which are in the egg the two produced together.
if, without jeopardising those, either bird could find a way of spreading its genes more widely, the evidence suggests they would take it.
it is the staple diet for hummingbirds, and jamaica has many different species of them.
the male streamer-tailed hummer is a vigorous and aggressive creature, and a particularly strong individual will take control of an entire tree.
they are relatively plain creatures, lacking the long streamer-like tails of the male.
there is so much nectar around that when the time comes they will be able to feed their chicks single-handed.
as soon as one appears, he shows off in front of her with a special courtship flight.
he erects little tufts like ears on either side of his head.
a good secure home can also be a very effective lure with which to attract a female.
red-headed weavers in africa often nest in colonies and when they do, the females, who have yellow heads, keep an eye on which male is building what before committing themselves.
but there are lots of females around, and as soon as she's settled in, he starts building another nest.
in fact, this particularly skilled and industrious male has already built three earlier nests, each of which now holds chicks that he has fathered.
each female, by choosing him as a mate, has provided her young with the best genetic inheritance available.
and he, by keeping on building, has quadrupled the number of his offspring.
but some birds construct even bigger buildings to impress females, and to see the most spectacular of all, you have to come to the dense forests of the islands north of australia.
some females can be persuaded to mate for rewards that are more abstract than mere food and lodging.
there's a kind of bird here in new guinea whose females select a male, not because he is a better meal-ticket, but because he is a better artist.
how else would you describe this wonderful construction except as a work of art?
his hut, almost big enough for me to crawl into, is neither a home nor a nursery.
it is a gallery in which he can display his artistic creations to visiting females.
the iridescent wing cases of beetles also appeal to him, and he has amassed an impressive collection.
but they are always in need of a little rearrangement to show them off to their very best advantage.
a hundred yards away, there is another one built by another male of the same species, who has a slightly different artistic sense.
if a female decides this is the best selection of jewels, then she will mate with the owner.
so here, where living is easy, a female is not bowled over by practical things such as food or accommodation.
it's beauty that wins her heart, and beauty can be found not only in jewels but in costumes.
it's a hazardous business exposing yourself like this, even if you can fly.
you are making yourself an easy target for a hawk, and there are many around on these grasslands in kenya.
evidently the additional matings a male gets from displaying in this dangerous fashion make the risk worthwhile.
up in the frozen north, on the arctic tundra, life is altogether too rigorous to allow such extravagance.
there's not room on this part of the tundra for two.
so competing for mates only too often leads to physical violence.
some males make the job of the females in choosing between them easier by gathering together and displaying in groups.
and there is one bird in the canopy of the brazilian rainforest here who has perhaps the oddest way of trying to impress the females.
the skin surrounding the sacs is so thin that, as they inflate, you can see right through them.
this assembly is a hundred feet above the ground, high in the canopy, so high that very few people have ever seen the birds performing this extraordinary chorus, let alone film it.
the top male, with, presumably, the best voice, occupies the best site - a forked branch totally free of leaves.
the females look exactly the same as the males, as you might expect since the males are not using special costumes to compete with one another.
call as they might, none of the males on other branches get a look in.
the calfbird has a cousin whose males also display in groups.
each now has the problem of how to persuade her to land beside him, and a cock of the rock's idea for doing that is to bounce competitively.
they adjust their positions slightly to try and stay in a patch of sunshine if they possibly can.
by gathering together, the males make sure that the females know where the marriage market is, but the price of doing so is that only one or two males will make a sale.
in just a few species, however, the males in a neighbourhood don't compete with one another, but collaborate to form a team.
because if something happens to the captain, one of them will have the chance to inherit his position.
it may not be a large chance, but it is better than performing solo and having no chance at all.
that's enough to show how expert they are, so the captain dismisses his assistants with another special call.
if the lady decides to accept him, she will mate with him nearby.
but not all polygamous birds are so neglectful of their parental duties.
here on the pampas of argentina lives another male with many wives who takes his nursery duties very seriously indeed.
and one of the females with whom he mated yesterday is now ready to lay.
she settles down within a yard or so of the nest.
in almost any other species, you would be right to think that the bird with the brighter markings on its head and neck is the male.
and that judgment will be reinforced when you see two brighter birds fighting in front of a duller coloured one.
now it will be up to him, and him alone, to incubate the eggs and look after the chicks.
no one really understands why the phalaropes, almost alone among birds, have reversed the role of the sexes.
an indication that this is the basis of their relationship is that the sexes are broadly similar in appearance.
but even so, living as a pair doesn't preclude a little infidelity, now and then.
this is her mate, alpha, singing lustily, declaring his ownership of the nest and the territory around it from which he gathers food.
the pair often feed together, a devoted couple if ever you saw one.
she joins him, and now, while alpha is preoccupied with feeding, she and beta get together.
twirling her tail is an invitation, and in a split second they mate.
but it is here in the south east woodlands of australia that infidelity reaches its most astounding, indeed, you might think, its ultimate height.
and it occurs among the families of this dazzling little bird... the superb fairy wren.
he is an attentive male, courting his female with little gifts of food.
but there are other males around, identifiable by the different rings on their legs.
but her first, established male, is not around to see all this.
he is visiting a female neighbour, and what is more, he's carrying a bouquet, a flower petal, something he never does at home.
so the female fairy wren chooses the flashiest males to father her chicks, and allows her partner only just enough matings to ensure he helps to feed the family.
and the males, while they may have chicks in as many as six nests around here, may not have a single one in the nest that they actually tend.
among swans, as amongst most birds, male and female stay together.
and by a combination of bonding with one another and driving away any who try to interfere with the partnership, they stay together.
male and female conduct their courtship on equal terms, and when they are convinced they are compatible, they work together to build a nest.
protected on most sides by water, and with a strong and aggressive mate to see off intruders, these swans will probably hatch their egg successfully.
but for many birds, they are now entering on the most difficult part of their lives.
they will have to employ all kind of ingenious stratagems if they are to raise a family, as we will see in the next programme in the life of birds.
that lowlife, adultering, judge-murdering defendant scott little... who, of course, gets the presumption of innocence... goes on trial, and yours truly is here to cover it.
and i will be right here lapping it up like a saint bernard.
and other than scott little being in the house that night... you have no evidence, physical or otherwise, connecting him to the crime, do you?
we have a video of him confessing to his therapist that he had dreams of killing her.
loser has to slather the winner in maple syrup and then lick it off.
winner gets to slather the loser with maple syrup and then... lick it off.
he said-and i quote- "writing for a penny a word is ridiculous.
if a man really wanted to make a million dollars, he'd start his own religion. "
what if one of your employees believed... instead of the soul of an alien entering our bodies, it was the devil?
would you fire somebody from your firm because they spoke openly about that?
i don't mean to tell you how to practice law... but at least some of the people in that jury box go to church or temple.
you can't be lodging a broad attack on religion like that.
the widower reportedly will be cross-examined not byjeffrey coho but claire simms... the little princess who sits next to him.
ask me, i don't know why they're crossing him at all.
it is their right to do so under the first amendment.
but the defendant doesn't want to afford that liberty... to douglas karnes because he thinks... that scientology is just a little too out there, i guess.
your honor, i would love to know what this has to do with my client being fired.
your client was fired because he entered into an at-will employment contract... he acted like a complete loon, and he now tries to cloak himself... in a constitutional amendment that is as overplayed as it is misapplied.
but to impose him on others... to victimize others in his name-
the founding fathers of this country set out to prevent persecution, not to license it.
and forjerry espenson, struggling with his law practice to make ends meet... don't tell me he's not victimized... when one of his lawyers bounces around telling clients and other attorneys... that, according to his most recent electro-"psycho"- meter reading... he's getting closer to immortality... at which point he'll be able to leave his body and talk to zebras.
at a certain point, we have to say enough with this freedom of religion crap!
and she seemed to take pleasure in the physicality ofhis wrath.
in fact, i think she rather got off on feeling punished.
i think we should move for a mistrial on unfair surprise.
we won't get it, but we should at least preserve it on appeal.
with june 30th only 72 hours away, hong kong is poised for its return to chinese rule after 150 years as a british colony.
with both prince charles and president jiang zemin here, security will be unprecedented for tuesday's ceremonies.
it's an explosive device equal to half a stick of dynamite.
if he knew it was a nano-bomb, he wouldn't carry it.
with both prince charles and president jiang zemin at the podium, and high-ranking guests from all over the world in attendance, there will be an unprecedented level of security for tuesday's ceremonies.
three security zones for land, sea and air will be patrolled... ¶ i confess that this is really not my song ¶
it was a need-to-know basis, and you didn't need to know!
there is not one legitimate businessman in all of hong kong that would work with you!
now once we have our little baby bombs all over the u.s.,
there's gonna be a monthly satellite bill that would make h.b.o. green with envy.
with june 30th only 72 hours away, hong kong is poised for its return to chinese rule after 150 years as a british colony.
with both prince charles and president jiang zemin here, security will be unprecedented for tuesday's ceremonies.
it's an explosive device equal to half a stick of dynamite.
if he knew it was a nano-bomb, he wouldn't carry it.
he was delicate to begin with but i wonder if he'll ever stop being so obsessed with cleanliness.
once again, last night, an incident occurred on the streets of shinjuku ward, west shinjuku.
a college girl named yuko uehara, who lives nearby, was attacked by a man with a knife on her way home.
the traces of fresh blood that still remain at the crime scene speak volumes about the gruesomeness of the incident.
luckily, the victim's wounds are not severe and her life isn't in danger.
however, the police are looking into any possible connection with the serial incidents of random slashings that have been occurring mainly around this area.
what sort of person could be responsible for perpetrating these crimes in the city's blind spots?
i came to the crime scene to have a look and i could feel the victim's terror.
the victim was 28 year old yoshiko yamamoto, who is employed at a pharmaceutical company.
it seems she was attacked by someone on her way home from work.
one day i am the elite of the human species and nobel prize winning scientist...
and now i am reduced to perfecting the taelon's virtual glass technology.
look, i don't give a damn if you're the devil himself as long as you've got the juice to get me out of here.
as a matter of fact, i'm the only one who has the "juice" to get you out of here.
but if they accepted you into the program, their standards can't be very high.
to the contrary, they recognize my great if slightly deteriorated intellect.
you will rewrite galactic history, and always be remembered as the saviors of your race.
and we know what they do to saviors, don't we, comrade?
our meta-humans require the physical strength to adapt to a newly developed taelon implant.
but equally important is resilient mind that can accept the new programming.
so you take innocent men and women and turn them into murderers?
we take the outcasts of human society, and offer them a future.
the disgrace will be when this planet falls helpless before the jaridian invaders.
the disgrace will be that we stood by and did nothing.
among other things, they'll increase your motor coordination, and stimulate limbic portion of your brain.
the core seat of consciousness, the part of the brain we share with reptiles.
an intelligent soldier never would've put us in this position to begin with.
when liam and augur came into our dimension, they found counterparts from many people in this world.
to be effective a fighter has to be able to reason.
you've induced such a high level of rage in these men, that they can't possibly think straight.
and this project earth defense is the taelons' attempt to prevent the extinction of the human race at the hands of the jaridians.
the goal of this project is to bioengineer human volunteers into warriors capable of defeating the jaridians.
we're just a couple of lab rats for some taelon experiment.
and even if we survive the experiment, who knows what will be left of us?
can you get me into the earth defense facility on the mother ship?
as a member of the synod it is my right to inspect all taelon facilities.
now i know how jimmy cagney felt at the end of angels with dirty faces.
our meta-humans require the physical strength to adapt to a newly developed taelon implant.
i was the one that devolved into the atavus, not you.
nothing good can come from us inflicting the same fate on humanity.
wake up, maiya, that man won't sleep until he finds you.
you'd better have a damn good reason for being in here.
the computer's doing a search for matches from all known databanks across the world.
the next phase is to test the physical limits of the implant.
you and i are from different dimensions, so obviously we are not tied by blood, but...
but what you're saying is that because you and my counterpart in your world are sisters,
it makes it easier for the implant of rage to take hold.
when the subject looses his identity to the rage, it's almost impossible to bring him back.
how could i mistake a sleeping man for a corpse stuck in front of tv?
the jukebox gave you away, but the bean bags were full.
i pretended to arrest you to show you could bear the burden.
it may seem trivial now, but it'll help you sleep easy.
how could i mistake a sleeping man for a corpse stuck in front of tv?
the jukebox gave you away, but the bean bags were full.
young hercules longs to find his place in the world, the father he's never known, and what it means to be a hero.
before the man became legend, before the legend became myth, came the greatest adventure of all.
back at the academy, you were always telling us that we should maintain peace.
you're always telling me not to let my anger cloud my thinking!
no, you see, my problem is that nobody will admit that they might be wrong about anything!
the amazons, the centaurs have been fighting for centuries, and they're both too blind to listen!
and after about the 40th time i realized he expected you to be there.
i don't care if you get too busy or you flake out on me.
one of these days, charlie will score his first goal and you won't see it.
like you never saw his measles or the time he jammed fig newtons into the projector.
i got to talk to you about something that's really important.
you know how you always wanted to be the next wayne gretzky?
and it's really, really good for you to have a dream.
tricky part here is sometimes if you're not careful, you can i don't know, kind of turn into kind of a...
you know, i also left my lip balm in the car.
so i'm out, and i think i'm feeling a little, uh...
a little music store right across the street from the hospital.
i walked out in a great mood, bought myself that harmonica, and i've never had a harmonica that played better than that one.
you know how you always wanted to be the next wayne gretzky?
well, i always had a dream, too... ever since i was about your age.
yeah, it is good, and it's really, really good for you to have a dream.
tricky part here is sometimes if you're not careful, you can...
maybe i could borrow mac's car, and i could drive back.
that way i could be back by christmas night, but i'm gonna miss christmas day for sure, but...
♪ oh, if you climb a mountain and you turn around ♪
♪ if you see my reflection in the snow-covered hills ♪
looks like i'm working out by myself, even though i haven't played hockey in... a year.
if i can find a rock i can use it as a puck, seeing as how i'll be playing all alone.
because you got responsibilities now, charlie, and you have to face them.
you have to watch out for mom, and you gotta straighten things out with your friends.
as long as you hold someone in your heart, charlie, you can never lose them... ever.
you let me back into your heart, and that took real courage, and you did it, and if you can do that, you can do anything.
you know, i also left my lip balm in the car.
so i'm out, and i think i'm feeling a little, uh...
like maybe those plastic swords they stick through the olives and the onions?
yeah, like, for the martinis that mom packs in my lunch.
a little music store right across the street from the hospital.
i walked out in a great mood, bought myself that harmonica, and i've never had a harmonica that played better than that one.
you know how you always wanted to be the next wayne gretzky?
well, i always had a dream, too... ever since i was about your age.
yeah, it is good, and it's really, really good for you to have a dream.
tricky part here is sometimes if you're not careful, you can...
maybe i could borrow mac's car, and i could drive back.
that way i could be back by christmas night, but i'm gonna miss christmas day for sure, but...
♪ oh, if you climb a mountain and you turn around ♪
♪ if you see my reflection in the snow-covered hills ♪
you know, i also left my lip balm in the car.
so i'm out, and i think i'm feeling a little, uh...
a little music store right across the street from the hospital.
i walked out in a great mood, bought myself that harmonica, and i've never had a harmonica that played better than that one.
maybe i could borrow mac's car, and i could drive back.
that way i could be back by christmas night, but i'm gonna miss christmas day for sure, but...
♪ oh, if you climb a mountain and you turn around ♪
♪ if you see my reflection in the snow-covered hills ♪
♪ gonna stay right here when your sun don't shine ♪
♪ while your head is still up in the clouds ♪
looks like i'm working out by myself, even though i haven't played hockey in... a year.
if i can find a rock i can use it as a puck, seeing as how i'll be playing all alone.
as long as you hold someone in your heart, charlie, you can never lose them... ever.
you let me back into your heart, and that took real courage, and you did it, and if you can do that, you can do anything.
and after about the 40th time i realized he expected you to be there.
i don't care if you get too busy or you flake out on me.
one of these days, charlie will score his first goal and you won't see it.
like you never saw his measles or the time he jammed fig newtons into the projector.
i got to talk to you about something that's really important.
you know how you always wanted to be the next wayne gretzky?
and it's really, really good for you to have a dream.
tricky part here is sometimes if you're not careful, you can i don't know, kind of turn into kind of a...
and after about the 40th time i realized he expected you to be there.
i don't care if you get too busy or you flake out on me.
one of these days, charlie will score his first goal and you won't see it.
like you never saw his measles or the time he jammed fig newtons into the projector.
i got to talk to you about something that's really important.
you know how you always wanted to be the next wayne gretzky?
and it's really, really good for you to have a dream.
tricky part here is sometimes if you're not careful, you can i don't know, kind of turn into kind of a...
and after about the 40th time i realized he expected you to be there.
i don't care if you get too busy or you flake out on me.
one of these days, charlie will score his first goal and you won't see it.
like you never saw his measles or the time he jammed fig newtons into the projector.
i got to talk to you about something that's really important.
you know how you always wanted to be the next wayne gretzky?
and it's really, really good for you to have a dream.
tricky part here is sometimes if you're not careful, you can i don't know, kind of turn into kind of a...
and we're really here to teach you fair play and sportsmanship and all that crap.
but i am so tired of looking up at that scoreboard and seeing that we're behind the devils again and again and again...
people will see you and cut you up into ice cube trays.
if that's the danger of hanging out with you, i'll take the chance.
looks like i'm working out by myself even though i haven't played hockey in a year.
i'll find a rock to use as a puck, seeing as i'll be playing all alone.
and we will have moved this year a step toward our ultimate goal the elimination of all nuclear weapons from this earth."
president ford and the soviets had made an interim agreement on nuclear arms cuts at vladivostok in november 1974.
carter sent cyrus vance, his secretary of state, to moscow with a set of proposals
one called for radical cuts in strategic arsenals, well below the vladivostok levels.
what he was suggesting was to make bigger, more drastic cuts, which we knew would take a very long time.
in retrospect, i can see that presidentbrezhnev was quite proud of the limited agreement that he had concluded in vladivostok;
and to have a new american president come in and say,
'that is not good enough - let's do much more, and do it quite rapidly,
the whole of the trip was not only useful but very necessary.
it seems to be that mr. gromyko agrees with that conclusion, and...
but those who saw détente as a trap demanded, not parity, but nuclear superiority.
there was a strong view that détente was not working and that the united states was becoming progressively weaker and the soviet union not only progressively... stronger in relationship to the united states and the west, but also more aggressive.
we had to change the font of his typewriter to the largest one possible.
at that time the whole central running of the state was in disarray.
for the first time, the west had a powerful political weapon to defend the cause of human rights behind the iron curtain.
thanks to the helsinki accord, which the soviets saw as just a piece of paper, the attention of the world media turned to our cause.
it started influencing the whole character of relations between east and west.
i was very convinced before i became president that basic human rights, equality of opportunity, the end of abuse... by governments of their people, was a... was a basic principle on which the united states should be an acknowledged champion.
i felt this was important, but i will not hide the fact that i also thought that there was some instrumental utility in our pursuit of human rights vis-a-vis the soviet union.
and raising the issue of human rights pointed to one of the fundamental weaknesses in the soviet system, namely that it was a system based on oppression.
that special house what you see now, it isn't dream of corbusier but i think more a dream of george orwell because it is house of police which it built three months ago and the whole day, every day,
they live inside and they follow all my steps and everything what i do in my country house.
i know from my experience collecting signatures for the charter how tortuous it was for people till they decided to sign.
when they did sign, they found themselves in a state of euphoria.
human rights activists in the communist bloc set up helsinki watch committees to monitor and publicise human rights abuse.
close links with the western media were forged by dissidents such as physicist andrei sakharov.
but many were refused exit visas and became known as refuseniks.
those who campaigned for their rights were often punished with long prison sentences in forced labor camps, along with other political activists
the door would open and we would be split up into work groups, five people in each group.
then in a few seconds we had to jump into those trucks and it was like a closed cage inside.
i couldn't unclench my teeth to force the food into my mouth.
soviet doctors who exposed the psychiatric abuse to the west risked imprisonment.
i can't be silent when people are kept in psychiatric hospitals for their political beliefs.
we can't live on our knees like slaves when they do these things.
i just lay there, next to that hot water, because i was protesting.
it was like having food put in front of you on a hunger strike.
in 1978 the prominent refusenik anatoly sharansky was sentenced to 13 years for espionage and treason.
outside the court, supporters, who included andrei sakharov, defiantly publicised sharansky's case to the western media.
the fate of political prisoners became a key issue in american politics.
"the trials which began yesterday in the soviet union have serious implications for the future relations between the united states and the u.s.s.r."
the united states congress and the helsinki watch committees monitored soviet behavior.
"but i am not at all a specialist in regard to military matters but i do not trust the soviet government."
at first they were just a replacement of old obsolete rockets.
then the conveyor belt started working and it went on and on.
in my view it was dangerous that the americans refused for such a long time to include the soviet ss-20s in the ongoing arms reduction talks.
i remember being somewhat startled when chancellor schmidt started making a big issue out of the ss-20s, but then i came to realize that in a sense he was right:
namely that the ss-20, while perhaps not a decisive military weapon, posed the risk of de-coupling europe's security from america's;
namely, of posing before us the dilemma that maybe europe was threatened by nuclear devastation, but that we were not, and therefore, should we risk the devastation of our own people and our own cities in order to protect europe?
america would develop its new generation of rockets and allow moscow three years to negotiate limits on medium-range missiles.
if no agreement was reached, nuclear-tipped american cruise and pershing weapons would be stationed in europe and targeted on soviet cities.
when i proposed that we make these changes in nuclear weaponry, he said: 'god will never forgive us if we don't succeed.'
and, you know, coming from the leader of an atheistic, communist country this surprised everyone.
i think the most surprised person at the table was gromyko, who looked up at the sky like this and did his hands in a peculiar way as though this was a shocking thing for brezhnev to say.
the salt ii agreement made it possible to limit the arms race.
but in terms of cuts they were more or less what had been agreed to three years before.
and in terms of limits on the developments of new weapons systems, there were none.
the carter administration's principal argument for ratifying salt ii was that no one will like us if we don't.
you know, isn't it time that we made him understand we don't really care whether they like us or not.
western loans had been squandered and the country was burdened by foreign debt.
when the government yet again raised food prices in the summer of 1980, workers at the gdansk shipyard staged an illegal strike.
we could only fight against it by using its own weapons, because it pretended to be the people's system.
the only effective way was for us to organize around bread-and-butter issues
for the first time they had a taste of being citizens with civil liberties, which you don't forget.
for someone who had lived under communism it was like a narcotic, or fresh air.
we did everything we could to mobilize international opinion, to galvanize maximum international pressure on the soviets, to convince the soviets that we will not be passive.
our leadership, including we the military, thought that under no circumstances should we move in the troops.
"we have got to stop letting all of these events catch us by surprise, as carter has been caught by surprise.
we have got to control events to the place that we don't run into a crisis that inevitably leads to war.
the proud and ancient tribe of the crescent has been the steward of this talisman for uncounted ages.
chosen to bear the sacred crescent is emma bravenight, princess daughter of an honored tribal elder.
in local nails, avalley woman is found butchered and wrapped in plastic.
she is the latest victim of the route 33 serial killer.
with emma now dead, i knew the crescent had to be passed on to my first daughter, mckenna.
this gave me a heavy heart, because though she is beautiful, mckenna burnswith an unpredictable fire.
when nora found her lover's car parked at mckenna's, she gave in to a cold rage, and sought solace in vices she had once been able to control.
crystal meth was an evil stimulant made and sold by a band of outlaw moguls who called their handmade pills.
evil's advances on earth always begin with the weak, the stupid, and the lazy.
my people are taught to hate the sin, and love the sinner.
the power of perfect strength and grace... and finally, the power to transform time and space.
what mckenna did not know was that nora had also been transformed, her wounds healed that night by the medicine of the crescent.
for mckenna, the cold dawn this new life brought with it at angle of emotions.
she was angry and restless, and uncertain what to do next.
you have until next moon to unmask and defeat the wolf, or the raven will choose a new warrior, and you will join me here in the valley.
the raven will choose a new warrior, and i will join you here in the valley?
a protective uniform spun of the strongest fiber, and hewn of the sharpest steel.
mckenna found that it fit her perfectly, and when she put it on, she presented a beautiful and fearsome sight.
a spark she was neither capable, nor willing to give up.
as a result, she would have to make the rest of the journey on her own.
mckenna had been transformed by the fires of battle, and brought great honor to my people with her bravery.
as bearer of the crescent, her powers would continue to grow, and it pleases me to say she has decided to remain in the valley, sharpening her skills as she waits for evil's darkness to return.
the one, true weapon in this epic war is the sacred crescent, a powerful talisman whose origins extend beyond recorded time.
the proud and ancient tribe of the crescent has been the steward of this talisman for uncounted ages.
chosen to bear the sacred crescent is emma bravenight, princess daughter of an honored tribal elder.
emma has kept the crescent safely hidden until the time when its powers will prove crucial in the ultimate battle against evil.
it took her sister's death to bring her back now, and i can tell you with certainty that if she had known what fate had in store for her, she would not have come at all.
in local nails, avalley woman is found butchered and wrapped in plastic.
with emma now dead, i knew the crescent had to be passed on to my first daughter, mckenna.
this gave me a heavy heart, because though she is beautiful, mckenna burnswith an unpredictable fire.
how about... how about i take you home and tie you up?
drawing ever nearer to our community was a twisted and lost soul that the media was calling the route 33 serial killer.
you must always choose love over anger in any situation, or else you will give your powers over to evil.
the raven slips through the air like a prayer on a dream flight, wings.
when nora found her lover's car parked at mckenna's, she gave in to a cold rage, and sought solace in vices she had once been able to control.
crystal meth was an evil stimulant made and sold by a band of outlaw moguls who called their handmade pills.
i can tell you, awaking from tribal ceremonies can leave one with some rather intense cravings...
and my daughter, a healthy young woman to begin with, was no exception.
evil's advances on earth always begin with the weak, the stupid, and the lazy.
my people are taught to hate the sin, and love the sinner.
now, you have that thing running full blast by the time i get back.
and you tell dougie to clean my shotgun when he's finished taking a crap.
what mckenna did not know was that nora had also been transformed, her wounds healed that night by the medicine of the crescent.
but nora would follow the ways of the wolf, driven by the forces of evil.
a protective uniform spun of the strongest fiber, and hewn of the sharpest steel.
mckenna found that it fit her perfectly, and when she put it on, she presented a beautiful and fearsome sight.
a spark she was neither capable, nor willing to give up.
as a result, she would have to make the rest of the journey on her own.
mckenna had been transformed by the fires of battle, and brought great honor to my people with her bravery.
as bearer of the crescent, her powers would continue to grow, and it pleases me to say she has decided to remain in the valley, sharpening her skills as she waits for evil's darkness to return.
you can't swoop in with your bad marriage and take that away from me.
you're not going to tell about your parents' divorce again, are you?
it's not so much an underpant as it is a feat of engineering.
it's amazing how much they can do with so little material.
you can't just swoop in here with your bad marriage and take that away from me.
you're not gonna tell the whole story about how your parents got divorced, are you?
just because your father and i are getting a divorce doesn't mean we don't love you.
it just means he would rather sleep with the houseboy than with me.
all this stuff about nancy branson being a slut was all a rumor.
chip dumped her, and he wants to come over to my house tonight.
i mean, i didn't work this hard and lose all this weight just so i could give my flower to someone like him.
okay, first of all, if you keep calling it that, no one is ever gonna take it.
you can't swoop in with your bad marriage and take that away from me.
you're not going to tell about your parents' divorce again, are you?
just because we're getting a divorce doesn't mean we don't love you.
it just means he would rather sleep with the houseboy than with me.
all this stuff about nancy being a slut was all a rumor.
chip dumped her, and he wants to come over to my house!
i didn't work this hard and lose weight just so i could give my flower to someone like him.
if you keep calling it that, no one will take it.
you can't swoop in with your bad marriage and take that away from me.
you're not going to tell about your parents' divorce again, are you?
if the parade decided it was gay and abandoned its family.
now, chandler, dear just because we're getting a divorce doesn't mean we don't love you.
might want to rethink the lyrics to "she feels weird since i've been gone."
i cannot believe chip dumped me for that slut nancy branson!
all this stuff about nancy being a slut was all a rumor.
chip dumped her, and he wants to come over to my house!
and chip promised that this time it'd last at least for an entire song.
i'm thinking of asking rachel out tonight maybe playing her that song we wrote last week.
first of all, if you keep calling it that, no one will take it.
and then second of all, you're not going to have sex with him.
and if i get a little hot, i can just dab myself with it.
or i can bring it down to my side and run it through my fingers while i talk to him.
now chandler dear, just because your father and i are getting a divorce it doesn't mean we don't love you.
it just means he would rather sleep with the house-boy than me.
y'know it's not that big of deal, we already kinda did it once y'know.
i know, but y'know, this time you're gonna definitely know whether or not you did it!
fine, all right, mine had a dwarf that got broke in half, but y'know whatever.
thanksgiving 1988so rachel, your mom tells me you changed your major again.
okay, first of all, if you keep calling it that, no one's gonna ever take it.
then, second of all you're not actually gonna have sex with him!
it's not so much an underpant as a feat of engineering.
it's amazing how much they can do with so little material.
and if i get a little hot, i can just dab myself with it.
or i can bring it down to my side and run it through my fingers while i talk to him.
kim basinger cindy crawford, halle berry yasmine bleeth and jessica rabbit.
you do realize that she is a cartoon and way out of your league?
i thought we could go down to times square and pick up some ninja stars.
my friend larry, he wants me to take a picture of a hooker.
i find it hard to believe that a group of people who spends as much time together as you guys do has never bumped uglies.
well, there was that one time that monica and rachel got together.
but last week, she met this woman at the gym, susan something.
and they really hit it off, and i think it's gonna make a difference.
i mean, how hard is it to get a couple drinks right, huh?
i would like to propose a toast to the woman who, in one year from today, will become mrs. dr. barry barber, d.d.s.
it's, like, my chance to give something back to the acting community.
you're probably not allowed to sleep with any of your students.
i could be a big, huge, giant man, it still wouldn't make a difference.
except i could pick your father up and say, "like me!
i've already got a mother and father who cannot stay in the same room.
i don't want to have a separate room for you too!
i don't want to be the guy that breaks up a family.
you know, when my parents split up, it was because of that guy.
but before i can say goodbye there's something i really need you to know.
the way i feel about you it's like i finally understand what lionel richie's been singing about.
you can't swoop in with your bad marriage and take that away from me.
you're not going to tell about your parents' divorce again, are you?
all this stuff about nancy being a slut was all a rumor.
chip dumped her, and he wants to come over to my house!
just because your father and i are getting a divorce doesn't mean we don't love you.
it just means he would rather sleep with the houseboy than with me.
um, ahem, her name is carol and she's really pretty and smart.
and, uh, she's on the lacrosse team and the golf team.
okay, first of all, if you keep calling it that, no one is ever gonna take it.
and then second of all, you're not gonna actually have sex with him.
and if i get a little hot, i can just dab myself with it.
or i can bring it down to my side and maybe run it through my fingers while i talk to him.
um, and, you know, if i get really hot um, i like to pick up this knife.
and, um, i put the cool steel against, um my body.
it's not so much an underpant as a feat of engineering.
it's amazing how much they can do with so little material.
i didn't work this hard and lose weight just so i could give my flower to someone like him.
if you keep calling it that, no one will take it.
you can't swoop in with your bad marriage and take that away from me.
you're not going to tell about your parents' divorce again, are you?
just because we're getting a divorce doesn't mean we don't love you.
it just means he would rather sleep with the houseboy than with me.
all this stuff about nancy being a slut was all a rumor.
chip dumped her, and he wants to come over to my house!
i didn't work this hard and lose weight just so i could give my flower to someone like him.
if you keep calling it that, no one will take it.
you can't swoop in with your bad marriage and take that away from me.
you're not going to tell about your parents' divorce again, are you?
if the parade decided it was gay and abandoned its family.
now, chandler, dear just because we're getting a divorce doesn't mean we don't love you.
so that's rachel, the girl you've been writing all those songs about?
might want to rethink the lyrics to "she feels weird since i've been gone."
and chip promised that this time it'd last at least for an entire song.
i'm thinking of asking rachel out tonight maybe playing her that song we wrote last week.
first of all, if you keep calling it that, no one will take it.
and then second of all, you're not going to have sex with him.
and if i get a little hot, i can just dab myself with it.
or i can bring it down to my side and run it through my fingers while i talk to him.
you can't swoop in with your bad marriage and take that away from me.
you're not going to tell about your parents' divorce again, are you?
if the parade decided it was gay and abandoned its family.
now, chandler, dear just because we're getting a divorce doesn't mean we don't love you.
so that's rachel, the girl you've been writing all those songs about?
might want to rethink the lyrics to "she feels weird since i've been gone."
and chip promised that this time it'd last at least for an entire song.
i'm thinking of asking rachel out tonight maybe playing her that song we wrote last week.
first of all, if you keep calling it that, no one will take it.
and then second of all, you're not going to have sex with him.
and if i get a little hot, i can just dab myself with it.
or i can bring it down to my side and run it through my fingers while i talk to him.
and you're gonna have to go to that if you don't come to me.
that's right, i got all the papers you need right in here.
when you're behind another vehicle what is the proper following distance?
well, if the guy's going really slow, i iike to be right on his butt.
it is one car length per 1 0 miles of speed.
yeah, remind me to never drive with you, you crazy old bastard.
if it was raymond's traffic school... everybody would be sitting here without a peep.
but the minute this poor slob... needs something... everybody's too busy.
now i would like to direct your attention to the board.
you will see, 'speed limits'... 'pedestrians, signs and signals of the highway--'
if it was raymond's traffic school... everybody would be sitting here without a peep.
but the minute this poor slob... needs something... everybody's too busy.
they're not bad men for the most part provided they're kept busy.
but this endless waiting... most of us have been here six months already.
i doubt he even knows the difference between a head and a halyard.
no, but i'll make sure it's the first thing i look up in...
you would have done better if you knew something about sines and cosines.
better still if you could foresee a squall in time to get t'gallants in.
mr. simpson may levy a toll upon our sea chests for fresh shirts.
likewise, our issue of spirits and best cuts of meat go to him.
your ship, as far as i can make out from your illiterate scrawl is in central africa.
let's see what other terrae incognitiae have been opened up by the remaining intrepid explorers.
i know, sir... but you accepted me here as midshipman and... of course, i must stay with you.
not, uh, many young men would have said that, mr. hornblower.
but neither will i base my opinion of an officer on hearsay.
i judge a man by what i see him do not what others tell me he has done.
no, sir, i, i meant only that what befell was outside his control.
aboard his ship, sir, there is nothing outside a captain's control and you would do well to remember it.
you have already cost this navy two midshipmen one injured, one dead.
no one mourns mr. clayton's loss more than i, sir, and i resent...
i cannot afford to feed men who do not pull their weight.
you will make them work or you will answer for it.
begging your pardon, sir but hadn't you better cock your pistol?
monsieur, i was in a stinking english prison for five years so let's make an agreement.
the odds of them gaining the upper hand were always favorable.
it would be a poor captain that did not take precautions against such an eventuality.
better by far that france was deprived of her cargo than england should benefit by it.
still, it's fortunate for you her captain was so poor a navigator, hmm?
is it that your mother earns her living on her back?
mr. kennedy, mr. hornblower board as you see fit and at once ascend the main rigging.
you will insure that the main topsail is loosed and sheeted home on receipt of further orders.
i, myself, or mr. bowles in the event of my being killed or wounded...
mr. simpson, are you saying mr. hornblower brought this charge against you purely out of malice?
he's impeached my honor, sir and for that i demand satisfaction.
if he spoke the truth he would not hesitate to face me.
mr. hornblower's reluctance to accept this challenge is i fear, the resutt of an order i gave him when he first came aboard indefatigable.
they're not bad men for the most part, provided they're kept busy.
but this, endless waiting most of us have been here six months already.
if you wanted to be a seaman, boy, you should have started at twelve.
i doubt he even knows the difference between a head and a halyard.
mr.simpson may levy a toll upon our seachests for fresh shirts.
likewise, our issue of spirits, and the best cuts of meat go to him.
we must all rejoice, the sources of the nile have been discovered at last.
your ship, as far as i can make out from your illiterate scrawl is in central africa.
my, but how bold you are with a pistol in your hand.
but i know you for the coward you are, don't i?
i am pleased to tell you that everything is going along splendidly.
i count myself fortunate indeed to serve under captain keene and with so fine a body of men as are to be found here in justinian.
-this is mr. hornblower, sir, distinguished as the midshipman who was seasick in spithead.
you shall arrange a cordon along the waterfront to sweep up any absconders.
it is a sure opportunity for advancement, for distinction, for prize money.
it is the opportunity of a lifetime, sir.i thank you for it,but
no, sir, i meant only that what befell was outside his control.
aboard his ship, sir, there is nothing outside a captain's control
and i'll have no more of these filthy games,do you understand?
the next hint of misbehaviour and you will be at the gratings.
that would presuppose that our position upon the chart was accurately plotted.
nine against five, the odds of them gaining the upper hand were always favourable.
and had you had a larger prize crew you might have been able to save her.
no, better by far that france was deprived of her cargo than england should benefit by it.
is it that your mother earns her living on her back?
mr. kennedy, mr. hornblower, board as you see fit, and at once ascend the main rigging.
you will ensure that the main topsail is loosed and sheeted home, on receipt of further orders.
i myself,or mr. bowles, in the event i'm killed or wounded...
begging your pardon... but he's had it in for me ever since that incident in spithead.
mr. simpson, are you saying mr. hornblower brought this charge against you purely out of malice?
if he spoke the truth, he would not hesitate to face me.
mr. hornblower's reluctance to accept this challenge is, i fear the result of an order i gave him when he first came aboard indefatigable, is that not so?
i will be good to you just let me try and i will be there for you
i'll show you why you're so much more than good enough...
you woke up screaming aloud a prayer from your secret god you feed off our fears and hold back your tears oh you give us a tantrum
and a know it all grin just when we need one when the evening's thin
you're a beautiful a beautiful fucked up man you're setting up your razor wire shrine 'cos you're working building a mystery holding on and holding it in yeah you're working building a mystery and choosing so carefully
you're working building a mystery holding on and holding it in yeah you're working building a mystery and choosing so carefully yeah you're working building a mystery holding on and holding it in yeah you're working building a mystery
your love is better than ice cream better than anything else that i've tried your love is better than ice cream everyone here know how to cry and it's a long way down it's a long way down
it's a long way down to the place where we started from.
i miss everything, everything about you... so it doesn't mean much
it doesn't mean anything at all the life i left behind me is a cold room
hold on hold on to yourself you know that only time will tell
what is it in me that refuses to believe this isn't easier than the real thing
my love you know that you're my best friend you know i'd do anything for you
my love let nothing stand between us my love for you is strong and true am i in heaven here or am i... at the crossroads i am standing
am i in heaven here or am i in hell at the crossroads i am standing so now you're sleeping peaceful
i lie awake and pray that you'll be strong tomorrow and we'll see another day and we will praise it and love the light that brings a smile so now you're sleeping peaceful
i lie awake and pray that you'll be strong tomorrow and we'll see another day and we will praise it and love the light that brings a smile
across your face... hold on hold on to yourself for this is gonna hurt like hell.
i believe there is a distance i have wandered to touch upon the years of reaching out and reaching in holding out holding in
i believe this is heaven to no one else but me and i'll defend it as long as i can be left here to linger in silence if i choose to would you try to understand
i know this love is passing time passing through like liquid
i am drunk in my desire... but i love the way you smile at me
i believe this is heaven to no one else but me and i'll defend it as long as
i can be left here to linger in silence if i choose to would you try to understand
oh the child that longs for the day that can break free the mold that clings like desperation
mother can't you see i've got to live my life the way i feel is right for me might not be right for you but it's right for me...
i believe this is heaven to no one else but me and i'll defend it as long as
i can be left here to linger in silence if i choose to would you try to understand it
and i would be the one to hold you down kiss you so hard
i'll take your breath away and after, i'd wipe away the tears just close your eyes dear
and through this world i've stumbled so many times betrayed trying to find an honest word to find the truth enslaved oh you speak to me in riddles and you speak to me in rhymes my body aches to breathe your breath
your words keep me alive and i would be the one to hold you down kiss you so hard
another day of knowing of the path i fear to tread oh into the sea of waking dreams
i follow without pride 'cos nothing stands between us here and i won't be denied and i would be the one to hold you down kiss you so hard
i'll take your breath away and after, i'd wipe away the tears just close your eyes dear hold you down kiss you so hard
i'll take your breath away and after, i'd wipe away the tears
adia i'm empty since you left me trying to find a way to carry on
i search myself and everyone to see where we went wrong 'cos there's no one left to finger there's no one here to blame there's no one left to talk to honey and there ain't no one to buy our innocence
'cos we are born innocent believe me adia, we are still innocent it's easy, we all falter but does it matter?
adia i thought that we could make it but i know i can't change the way you feel
i need some distraction oh beautiful release memory seeps from my veins let me be empty oh and weightless and maybe
i'll find some peace tonight in the arms of the angel fly away from here
from this dark cold hotel room and the endlessness that you fear you are pulled from the wreckage of your silent reverie you're in the arms of the angel may you find some comfort here
so tired of the straight line and everywhere you turn there's vultures and thieves at your back the storm keeps on twisting you keep on building the lies that you make up for all that you lack it don't make no difference
escaping one last time it's easier to believe in this sweet madness oh this glorious sadness that brings me to my knees
in the arms of the angel fly away from here from this dark cold hotel room and the endlessness that you fear you are pulled from the wreckage of your silent reverie
you're in the arms of the angel may you find some comfort here
you're in the arms of the angel may you find some comfort here.
what you don't understand is there are people responsible for what happened to catherine,
when your wife died, you said you felt you had betrayed her,
this was not a naturally occurring phenomenon, this was a murder,
not just of my wife, but of everyone that got killed out there in that outbreak, everyone,
at 30,000 feet, this thing's buried so deep, we'd never find it.
it all comes raining down and we get to put it back together.
the aircraft began breaking apart in midair, scattering wreckage and bodies over two miles,
ntsb has located a structural anomaly at the tail of the aircraft that may have been caused by a fire in the aft lavatory,
this alone could have caused the crash, but we also found a gun with an empty magazine,
if they're connected, it's uncertain how, but we got prints from the weapon, so what we need now is a body to match them to,
though there's been no announcement, sources say the fbi is now investigating the crash as a crime,
what has brought this downed airliner into the hearts of the world most
...sunlight foundation for the terminally ill, which had taken them on a charity tour,
fbi investigators are being careful with any additional details they may have gathered,
we anticipate a press release within the next few hours and we'll bring you those details as they come to us,
thank you, susan, moving on to other news, the president's legal problems continue to mount as pressures from within his own...
bless us, father, for this food and keep our family safe and together always.
if you get any bigger, i'm going to make you carry me,
the gun had one set of prints, which have been matched to a flight attendant.
they got traces of gunpowder off her right hand and casings from teflon-coated loads.
the woman on the plane is connected to the woman in the house explosion and they both had children.
these containers, you open them and you'll find the same thing - a mother and a child.
there isn't a picture, a memento, nothing here that remembers catherine.
if you're so good at what you do, frank, you'd have caught who did it.
what you don't understand is there are people responsible for what happened to catherine,
when your wife died, you said you felt you had betrayed her,
this was not a naturally occurring phenomenon, this was a murder,
not just of my wife, but of everyone that got killed out there in that outbreak, everyone,
at 30,000 feet, this thing's buried so deep, we'd never find it.
it all comes raining down and we get to put it back together.
the aircraft began breaking apart in midair, scattering wreckage and bodies over two miles,
ntsb has located a structural anomaly at the tail of the aircraft that may have been caused by a fire in the aft lavatory,
this alone could have caused the crash, but we also found a gun with an empty magazine,
if they're connected, it's uncertain how, but we got prints from the weapon, so what we need now is a body to match them to,
though there's been no announcement, sources say the fbi is now investigating the crash as a crime,
what has brought this downed airliner into the hearts of the world most
...sunlight foundation for the terminally ill, which had taken them on a charity tour,
fbi investigators are being careful with any additional details they may have gathered,
we anticipate a press release within the next few hours and we'll bring you those details as they come to us,
thank you, susan, moving on to other news, the president's legal problems continue to mount as pressures from within his own...
bless us, father, for this food and keep our family safe and together always.
if you get any bigger, i'm going to make you carry me,
the gun had one set of prints, which have been matched to a flight attendant.
they got traces of gunpowder off her right hand and casings from teflon-coated loads.
the woman on the plane is connected to the woman in the house explosion and they both had children.
these containers, you open them and you'll find the same thing - a mother and a child.
there isn't a picture, a memento, nothing here that remembers catherine.
if you're so good at what you do, frank, you'd have caught who did it.
and conversation through the evening is really flowing like a river, you know.
and it turns out that she has got this break in her schedule coming up the following weekend and she wants me to give her a call.
i'm standing in line, you know, waiting to checkin, when this man in uniform, he walks up to me and he's like
congratulations, madam, you are the one hundred thousandth passenger to fly on this airline, this route, this year.
so, you meet some girl at an airport, you get a big rush of blood to your head it costs you a fortune, and because she treats you like a jerk, you immediately fall in love with her.
if humiliation is what you desire i'll arrange it, gladly, any time, would be my pleasure, but don't let this...
it says, if you go north you see the houses of parliament, right telling us that this is a democracy.
if you go west you see the queen's guards reminding us that this is a monarchy.
if you look east you see the flags of the commonwealth reminding us that this was once an empire.
and if you look south you get water reminding us that this is an island.
there's over a hundred and fifty different languages spoken in london.
and that the residential population is eight million, rising to ten million in the summer time.
the plan was a future of irresponsible liaisons and roads paved in gold.
the plan was not waking up alone in a hotel room, lonely and in love, booking the first flight home.
and now my only hope is that when go home no-one will have even noticed that i'd left.
you know, that way i can get my job back and my apartment.
you know, i occasionally get "whatever happened to" column written about me in the newspapers.
every couple of christmasses they re-run some of my old films.
in minneapolis all the visitors head straight for the the mall of america or the viking's stadium.
but the locals, there's this perfect little spot at the top of linden hills.
well, i'm starting to believe that nothing happens without a reason.
you know, these random things that happen aren't random at all.
and whatever it is you're so angry about just stop it.i realise i owe you an apology.
i should have never accepted that hotel, it was irresponsible the business with the flowers and everything.
i'm thirty-three years old and i feel like a jilted teenager.
i've bunkered up on a diet of chocolate and afternoon television and books.
instead of holding it tight and recognising it for the priceless, most beautiful, precious gift it is.
instead of having the courage you do what you've done all your life.
[anthony] if we had our own printing press, we couldn't have done any better.
i made the mafia happy, and the bosses knew just how to spread the influence.
and i'll lay you eight-to-five, when he was a kid back in sicily, my father, vincenzo cortino,
- never thought his life would turn out the way it did either.
once the worms get inside your eyeball, it's just a matter of days before they eat their way into your brain.
then, you shit yourself and die in a most embarrassing way.
about the only disagreement we ever had was when i went to war.
while i was off fighting, she was working for the world peace movement.
but despite all that, when i got home, she was there to greet me.
i guess she was a sucker for a guy in uniform.
now, what is so urgent that you come to see don corduroy... on the third anniversary of my stepson's liposuction?
it is a known fact that you have the judges in your pocket.
i hope you don't live to regret this decision, don cortino.
now, if we're finished, i'd like to get back to my stepdaughter's coronation.
i'm always just gonna be that protestant chick who never killed anyone!
- [door slams] - [clamato] all right, let's go over it again.
[tony] when he was my age, things were different for pop.
by the time of the great depression, my father, vincenzo cortino, was a law-abiding citizen struggling through the ranks... of the manhattan olive oil business.
after a while, the long hours, the pressure to perform, the catty reviews... it started to wear me down.
then one day out of the blue, i get a message from don marzoni.
i don't know if i could run your casino even if i wanted to.
you might think of this job as kind of an insurance policy.
if it was white and if it was powder, joey was into it.
it was my job to keep an eye on the gamblers, but my eyes were only on pepper.
then the take dropped off, and that's the worst thing that can happen at a casino.
i did what i could to turn things around... we recycled the food, fired the dishwashers, started a happy hour for seniors and the mentally ill.
i know that many of you have put off important murders and drug deals to be here.
i'm especially pleased to have representatives from the five families with us... the badalotos, the romanis, the marzonis, the jeffersons... who moved on up from the east side to get themselves a piece of the pie.
[anthony narrating] everybody dies, but in the mafia... people die more often, and never by accident.
the death of my father sent shock waves through the underworld.
but first i had to put my life back on track, and that meant finding diane.
[tv announcer] and although it seemed an impossible dream just a few years ago, the feeling today fluctuates between anxious anticipation... and outright exhilaration as political and spiritual leaders... from every country on earth have convened at this historic site... to witness the final signature on the document... that will secure and guarantee world peace in perpetuity.
dear friends, you have come together in this church... so that the lord may seal and strengthen your love... in the presence of this church's minister and community.
and so in the presence of the church, i ask you to state your intentions.
anthony cortino was one of the most powerful men in las vegas.
i ran the peppermill, the flashiest, most profitable casino in nevada.
if we had our own printing press we couldn't have done any better.
i made the mafia happy, and the bosses knew just how to spread the influence.
in sicily the peasants used to get them... by eating raw pork and then rubbing their eyes.
once the worms get inside your eyeball... it's just a matter of days before they eat their way into your brain.
about the only disagreement we ever had was when i went to war.
while i was off fighting, she was working for the world peace movement.
but despite all that, when i got home she was there to greet me.
i guess she was a sucker for a guy in uniform.
i hope you don't live to regret this decision, don cortino.
now, if we're finished, i'd like to get back to my stepdaughter's coronation.
myself, i've been married to the same wonderful woman for 42 years.
of course, sex stopped for us about a week after the wedding... as it should.
when a guy on the run wants to hide, there's no place like las vegas.
it's a city with no memory, a town full of strangers.
after a while the long hours, the pressure to perform, the catty reviews-- it started to wear me down.
then one day out of the blue, i get a message from don marzoni.
i don't know if i could run your casino even if i wanted to.
you might think of this job as kind of an insurance policy.
if it was white and if it was powder, joey was into it.
it was my job to keep an eye on the gamblers... but my eyes were only on pepper.
i did what i could to turn things around-- we recycled the food, fired the dishwashers... started a happy hour for seniors and the mentally ill.
we even watered down the drinks... but that meant we had to skimp in other places.
but it wasn't until i saw chuckie, my brother joey's kid... taking a pay-off from the man with the missing thumb... that i realized our family's enemy had been don marzoni all along.
- i had been embraced by the very man whose lifelong vendetta had been to kill my father.
and although it seemed an impossible dream just a few years ago... the feeling here today fluctuates between anxious anticipation... and outright exhilaration as political and spiritual leaders... from every country on earth have convened at this historic site... to witness the final signature on the document... that will secure and guarantee world peace in perpetuity.
the "peace for all time" treaty-- or p-fat... as it has been dubbed by its author and champion, the president of the united states-- marks the culmination of one valiant person's heroic crusade... to end strife, no matter where it may occur.
dearly beloved, we are gathered here in the sight of god... to join this man and this woman in the state of holy matrimony.
it is the most sacred of journeys... one in which the sanctity of human life... is cherished and celebrated.
and so in the presence of the church, i ask you to state your intentions.
anthony and diane, have you come here freely and without reservation... to give yourselves to each other in marriage?
anthony and diane, since it is your intention to enter into marriage... join your right hands and declare your consent.
diane, do you take anthony for your lawful husband... to have and to hold from this day forward... for better, for worse, for richer, for poorer, in sickness and in health... till death do you part?
anthony cortino was one of the most powerful men in las vegas.
i ran the peppermill, the flashiest, most profitable casino in nevada.
if we had our own printing press we couldn't have done any better.
i made the mafia happy, and the bosses knew just how to spread the influence.
in sicily the peasants used to get them... by eating raw pork and then rubbing their eyes.
once the worms get inside your eyeball... it's just a matter of days before they eat their way into your brain.
about the only disagreement we ever had was when i went to war.
while i was off fighting, she was working for the world peace movement.
but despite all that, when i got home she was there to greet me.
i guess she was a sucker for a guy in uniform.
i hope you don't live to regret this decision, don cortino.
now, if we're finished, i'd like to get back to my stepdaughter's coronation.
myself, i've been married to the same wonderful woman for 42 years.
of course, sex stopped for us about a week after the wedding... as it should.
when a guy on the run wants to hide, there's no place like las vegas.
it's a city with no memory, a town full of strangers.
after a while the long hours, the pressure to perform, the catty reviews-- it started to wear me down.
then one day out of the blue, i get a message from don marzoni.
i don't know if i could run your casino even if i wanted to.
you might think of this job as kind of an insurance policy.
if it was white and if it was powder, joey was into it.
it was my job to keep an eye on the gamblers... but my eyes were only on pepper.
i did what i could to turn things around-- we recycled the food, fired the dishwashers... started a happy hour for seniors and the mentally ill.
we even watered down the drinks... but that meant we had to skimp in other places.
but it wasn't until i saw chuckie, my brother joey's kid... taking a pay-off from the man with the missing thumb... that i realized our family's enemy had been don marzoni all along.
- i had been embraced by the very man whose lifelong vendetta had been to kill my father.
and although it seemed an impossible dream just a few years ago... the feeling here today fluctuates between anxious anticipation... and outright exhilaration as political and spiritual leaders... from every country on earth have convened at this historic site... to witness the final signature on the document... that will secure and guarantee world peace in perpetuity.
the "peace for all time" treaty-- or p-fat... as it has been dubbed by its author and champion, the president of the united states-- marks the culmination of one valiant person's heroic crusade... to end strife, no matter where it may occur.
dearly beloved, we are gathered here in the sight of god... to join this man and this woman in the state of holy matrimony.
it is the most sacred of journeys... one in which the sanctity of human life... is cherished and celebrated.
and so in the presence of the church, i ask you to state your intentions.
anthony and diane, have you come here freely and without reservation... to give yourselves to each other in marriage?
anthony and diane, since it is your intention to enter into marriage... join your right hands and declare your consent.
diane, do you take anthony for your lawful husband... to have and to hold from this day forward... for better, for worse, for richer, for poorer, in sickness and in health... till death do you part?
[anthony] if we had our own printing press, we couldn't have done any better.
i made the mafia happy, and the bosses knew just how to spread the influence.
and i'll lay you eight-to-five, when he was a kid back in sicily, my father, vincenzo cortino,
- never thought his life would turn out the way it did either.
once the worms get inside your eyeball, it's just a matter of days before they eat their way into your brain.
then, you shit yourself and die in a most embarrassing way.
about the only disagreement we ever had was when i went to war.
while i was off fighting, she was working for the world peace movement.
but despite all that, when i got home, she was there to greet me.
i guess she was a sucker for a guy in uniform.
now, what is so urgent that you come to see don corduroy... on the third anniversary of my stepson's liposuction?
it is a known fact that you have the judges in your pocket.
i hope you don't live to regret this decision, don cortino.
now, if we're finished, i'd like to get back to my stepdaughter's coronation.
i'm always just gonna be that protestant chick who never killed anyone!
- [door slams] - [clamato] all right, let's go over it again.
[tony] when he was my age, things were different for pop.
by the time of the great depression, my father, vincenzo cortino, was a law-abiding citizen struggling through the ranks... of the manhattan olive oil business.
after a while, the long hours, the pressure to perform, the catty reviews... it started to wear me down.
then one day out of the blue, i get a message from don marzoni.
i don't know if i could run your casino even if i wanted to.
you might think of this job as kind of an insurance policy.
if it was white and if it was powder, joey was into it.
it was my job to keep an eye on the gamblers, but my eyes were only on pepper.
then the take dropped off, and that's the worst thing that can happen at a casino.
i did what i could to turn things around... we recycled the food, fired the dishwashers, started a happy hour for seniors and the mentally ill.
i know that many of you have put off important murders and drug deals to be here.
i'm especially pleased to have representatives from the five families with us... the badalotos, the romanis, the marzonis, the jeffersons... who moved on up from the east side to get themselves a piece of the pie.
[anthony narrating] everybody dies, but in the mafia... people die more often, and never by accident.
the death of my father sent shock waves through the underworld.
but first i had to put my life back on track, and that meant finding diane.
[tv announcer] and although it seemed an impossible dream just a few years ago, the feeling today fluctuates between anxious anticipation... and outright exhilaration as political and spiritual leaders... from every country on earth have convened at this historic site... to witness the final signature on the document... that will secure and guarantee world peace in perpetuity.
dear friends, you have come together in this church... so that the lord may seal and strengthen your love... in the presence of this church's minister and community.
and so in the presence of the church, i ask you to state your intentions.
look, we called you back here 'cos we want to share a love of christ with you.
and see if you wear a purity rings from now on.
it means we're all going to be pure, not having sex untill we married.
and it means we stay away from bad stuff and avoid ppl who swear and watch naughty tv shows.
the rings that says they not gonna have sex or doing anything naughty anymore.
a ring that says you'll be together, but not have sex...
can't just do whatever i feel like i've got to stay right just and true.
i can't hang out with my buddies and getting into trouble, 'cos now we're both wearing these rings for each other,
see, if we make the posters with little girls reaching for your junk, then you have to wear purity rings, or else disney company looks bad.
but we don't want to be selling sex to little girls anymore!
it's good that little girls can see your concert is not have to be about sex.
we understand, that in the concert tonight, you'll be dowsing girls in the audience with white foam is that correct?
because the last time i tried that a little thing called el niño happened.
well, i can't tell you when, but i can tell you where.
there's a paleontological dig at the new animal kingdom theme park, and it just sounds fascinating.
only you could make the happiest place on earth sound dry and clinical.
i wish i were a cool person so i could make fun of me right now.
so i told harvey we'd meet him in front of the tree of life.
we better take him back to the hotel room so we can study him further.
all right, but you're asking the management for the rollaway bed.
maybe i'd better go back to where we found him and analyze the soil so we can get his diet right.
give him a nut from the honour bar and see if he can keep it down.
i'm kind of tired, my throat's sore, and i'm suddenly very disdainful of the way america dresses.
speaking of which, weren't we forbidden to do missionary work on this trip?
because the last time i tried that a little thing called el niño happened.
well, i can't tell you when, but i can tell you where.
i wish i were a cool person so i could make fun of me right now.
so i told harvey we'd meet him in front of the tree of life.
far be it for me to question the walt disney corporation, but that does not seem convenient.
this kind of discovery could put me in the history books.
the hippopotamuses are among the most aggressive animals in the jungle.
fortunately, our harambe therapists are working with the hippos to channel that anger.
maybe i'd better go back to where we found him and analyze the soil so we can get his diet right.
give him a nut from the honour bar and see if he can keep it down.
yeah, well, there would be some gum surgery, no question about that.
i've always liked the paintings of edvard munch, who's, uh, swedish.
they give me the coldest day of the year to do my paramedic ride-along.
i'm gonna go re-grout the tub then watch some daytime tv.
every other woman i went out with, i knew it was wrong.
now i'm gonna spend the rest of my life with her.
they had a substandard trauma panel and their surgical coverage was spotty at best.
soon as we get new docs and upgrade equipment, she'll be back up.
thanks to you, we're lighting a fire to institute some real change.
i think we should be 100 percent sure that turning the er over to an outside management group is what we want.
and then i'm gonna get a limo and we're going to the ironhedge lodge in dundee.
one minute after midnight, the justice of the peace will do the ceremony.
since i don't know where you got your figures, i can't address them.
i can say a 60 percent downgrade by itself doesn't reflect our reconfiguration.
i need a couple of rinkside blackhawks islanders tickets on the 20th.
and i want world peace and a date with tyra banks.
well, have a lemonade or a yoo-hoo for all i care.
i think it'd be criminal to let this day end so early.
she could move objects with her mind, see the future, and stop time.
before melinda was burned at the stake, she vowed that each generation of warren witches would become stronger and stronger, culminating in the arrival of three sisters.
look, i know what happened last night was weird and unexplainable, but we are not witches, and we do not have special powers.
besides, grams wasn't a witch and as far as we know, neither was mom.
the extra money that you helped raise through private donations has sparked significant corporate interest.
the beals artefacts will now become part of our permanent collection.
it was my idea to spark corporate interest from private donations.
besides, not only have i been with this project since its inception, but we both know who really secured the entire exhibit.
your sister's still in x-ray, so it'll be another 15 minutes.
dr gordon's office is to the left and down the hall.
that my vision of life is cloudy compared to your perfect hell?
even if you don't want to believe me, just once, can't you trust me?
well, in the first woodcarving they were in a slumber, but in the second one, they were battling some kind of warlock.
i think as long as we were in the dark about our powers, we were safe.
that some freak with powers beyond comprehension is trying to kill us?
even if the cops did come, they'd be no match for jeremy and we'd be next.
not only do they date, but they usually get the best guys.
you two will not be laughing when this happens to you.
she could move objects with her mind, see the future, and stop time.
before melinda was burned at the stake, she vowed that each generation of warren witches would become stronger and stronger, culminating in the arrival of three sisters.
look, i know what happened last night was weird and unexplainable, but we are not witches, and we do not have special powers.
besides, grams wasn't a witch and as far as we know, neither was mom.
the extra money that you helped raise through private donations has sparked significant corporate interest.
the beals artefacts will now become part of our permanent collection.
it was my idea to spark corporate interest from private donations.
besides, not only have i been with this project since its inception, but we both know who really secured the entire exhibit.
your sister's still in x-ray, so it'll be another 15 minutes.
dr gordon's office is to the left and down the hall.
that my vision of life is cloudy compared to your perfect hell?
even if you don't want to believe me, just once, can't you trust me?
well, in the first woodcarving they were in a slumber, but in the second one, they were battling some kind of warlock.
i think as long as we were in the dark about our powers, we were safe.
that some freak with powers beyond comprehension is trying to kill us?
even if the cops did come, they'd be no match for jeremy and we'd be next.
not only do they date, but they usually get the best guys.
you two will not be laughing when this happens to you.
she could move objects with her mind, see the future, and stop time.
before melinda was burned at the stake, she vowed that each generation of warren witches would become stronger and stronger, culminating in the arrival of three sisters.
look, i know what happened last night was weird and unexplainable, but we are not witches, and we do not have special powers.
besides, grams wasn't a witch and as far as we know, neither was mom.
the extra money that you helped raise through private donations has sparked significant corporate interest.
the beals artefacts will now become part of our permanent collection.
it was my idea to spark corporate interest from private donations.
besides, not only have i been with this project since its inception, but we both know who really secured the entire exhibit.
your sister's still in x-ray, so it'll be another 15 minutes.
dr gordon's office is to the left and down the hall.
that my vision of life is cloudy compared to your perfect hell?
even if you don't want to believe me, just once, can't you trust me?
well, in the first woodcarving they were in a slumber, but in the second one, they were battling some kind of warlock.
i think as long as we were in the dark about our powers, we were safe.
that some freak with powers beyond comprehension is trying to kill us?
even if the cops did come, they'd be no match for jeremy and we'd be next.
not only do they date, but they usually get the best guys.
you two will not be laughing when this happens to you.
in case you didn't see last week's boy meets world, here's why i have this look on my face.
and do you, topanga, take cory to be your husband, to honor and cherish him, for richer, for poorer, in sickness and in health, till death do you part?
it's not right to run off together because we think we have something to prove.
when we get married, i want to have a big cake.
i just want to say that i am the luckiest man in the world.
i have one beautiful wife, a lovely daughter and one wonderful son!
i want what i believe is best for you, cory, and topanga.
what's best for us, mom, is for you to trust us!
i was on the way to the incinerator to burn them.
so, i guess when we get back, we'll start our new relationship.
because i'm afraid mom's going to kill topanga and bury her in the sandbox.
it's very hard for a mother to think that another woman is going to take her place with her little boy.
we came down here to tell you guys that we will always be here for you no matter what you decide.
and the one thing we don't ever want to do is make you feel afraid to come to us with any important decision.
if i'd had a mentor, things would have gone a lot more smoothly.
i'm willing to share my wisdom, but, if you're not interested...
our experience with the hirogen indicates that compassion would not be reciprocated.
and all of my experience says we've got to take that chance anyway.
we saw the skeletal remains from dozens of alien races displayed like trophies.
there was also evidence they may be using some of their victims for food.
i want to buy the doctor enough time to treat our hunter.
if i can gain his confidence, he might call off his friends.
six of your vessels will be here in under four hours.
i hope you'll let them know that we saved your life and that we want to avoid any further conflict with your people.
let me resume the hunt, and i will grant your request.
we have enough problems on this ship as it is without him running around.
when the other members of its species retreated into fluidic space... it was left behind.
it has been trapped in the delta quadrant ever since... alone... pursued by hirogen hunting parties.
we'd been exchanging phaser fire with a group of cardassians for about three days-- a stalemate.
one night, during a break in the fighting... we could hear this low moaning sound coming from somewhere in the brush.
we knew that none of our people were out there, so it had to be a wounded cardassian.
well, you have to understand-- we'd been killing each other for weeks on this planet.
if we do not surrender the creature, they will destroy us.
a lesson in compassion will do me little good if i am dead.
it is wrong to sacrifice another being to save our own lives.
i have observed that you have been willing to sacrifice your own life to save the lives of your crew.
from this point forward, you will no longer have access to any primary systems on this ship-- not without my direct authorization.
if you attempt to circumvent me, i'll throw you in the brig.
i still need your expertise in the astrometrics lab if you're willing.
if not, you can spend your time here in the cargo bay.
but when i try to assert that independence, i am punished.
individuality has its limits... especially on a starship where there's a command structure.
i believe that you are punishing me because i do not think the way that you do, because i am not becoming more like you.
you claim to respect my individuality, but in fact, you are frightened by it.
if i'd had a mentor, things would have gone a lot more smoothly.
i'm willing to share my wisdom, but, if you're not interested...
our experience with the hirogen indicates that compassion would not be reciprocated.
and all of my experience says we've got to take that chance anyway.
we saw the skeletal remains from dozens of alien races displayed like trophies.
there was also evidence they may be using some of their victims for food.
i want to buy the doctor enough time to treat our hunter.
if i can gain his confidence, he might call off his friends.
six of your vessels will be here in under four hours.
i hope you'll let them know that we saved your life and that we want to avoid any further conflict with your people.
let me resume the hunt, and i will grant your request.
we have enough problems on this ship as it is without him running around.
when the other members of its species retreated into fluidic space... it was left behind.
it has been trapped in the delta quadrant ever since... alone... pursued by hirogen hunting parties.
we'd been exchanging phaser fire with a group of cardassians for about three days-- a stalemate.
one night, during a break in the fighting... we could hear this low moaning sound coming from somewhere in the brush.
we knew that none of our people were out there, so it had to be a wounded cardassian.
well, you have to understand-- we'd been killing each other for weeks on this planet.
if we do not surrender the creature, they will destroy us.
a lesson in compassion will do me little good if i am dead.
it is wrong to sacrifice another being to save our own lives.
i have observed that you have been willing to sacrifice your own life to save the lives of your crew.
from this point forward, you will no longer have access to any primary systems on this ship-- not without my direct authorization.
if you attempt to circumvent me, i'll throw you in the brig.
i still need your expertise in the astrometrics lab if you're willing.
if not, you can spend your time here in the cargo bay.
but when i try to assert that independence, i am punished.
individuality has its limits... especially on a starship where there's a command structure.
i believe that you are punishing me because i do not think the way that you do, because i am not becoming more like you.
you claim to respect my individuality, but in fact, you are frightened by it.
fidel castro and his small band of cuban guerrillas started a revolution that challenged the desire of the united states to control the western hemisphere.
we couldn't think about the cold war at that time, and besides we were naive.
castro's nationalism and left-wing policies were a trojan horse for soviet communism.
up until that time, we had viewed latin america as a distant, exotic continent with which we had virtually no relations.
where its flag did not fly, its troops or agents often intervened.
in the 1950s, the guatemalans dared to challenge an american business that controlled much of its economy.
what we faced here was the obvious intervention of a foreign power.
because these home-grown parties are not really home-grown, they're being funded or, er, advised by a foreign power- i.e. the soviet union.
in compensation, he offered the landowners the values they had themselves declared for taxes.
united fruit was offered just over a million dollars for its land.
guatemala city chief of station was sending in reports too about communist infiltration in the government, and of course he mentioned jose manuel fortuny and some of the old-time stalinist communists who were gaining favorable positions in the arbenz regime.
in this impasse the us named john peurifoy as its new ambassador.
so it didn't take much of an effort on their part to persuade their president, a military man, mr. eisenhower, to give them the green light to overthrow arbenz's government.
us secretary of state dulles takes the rostrum to urge united action by the americas to outlaw international communist intervention in the western hemisphere.
a cia operation, code-named pb success, mobilized disaffected exiles and peasants into action.
what we wanted to do was have a terror campaign to terrify
arbenz particularly, terrify his his troops, much as the german stuka bombers terrified the population of holland,
belgium and poland at the onset of world war ll and just rendered everybody paralyzed.
and don't try to start your plans and your conspiracies over here.
the american pb success campaign brought the government down, and drove arbenz and his wife into exile.
they even set up anti-communist committees, where anyone could go and give the names of people who had been loyal to the revolution.
these people would then be mercilessly kidnapped, killed and so on.
ninety miles from florida, in what the united states considered its own backyard,
castro established a regime soon to be allied with the soviet union.
let all our neighbors know that we shall join with them to oppose aggression or subversion anywhere in the americas.
and let every other power know that this hemisphere intends to remain the master of its own house.
in 1961, john fitzgerald kennedy took over the presidency and with it a cia scheme to send in an army of exiles to overthrow castro, as they had earlier overthrown arbenz in guatemala.
so i was yanked back from montevideo, where i would have been content to spend the rest of my life, and told: "what we're doing is reassembling the pb success team, that is the guatemala operational team,
castro was secure, and he was beloved by millions in cuba and so it was a different situation than guatemala.
castro, triumphant, was eager to take armed revolution into latin america.
to combat the cuban challenge the us established in its panama canal zone a sophisticated school.
here, counter insurgency forces from all over the sub continent were trained.
in 1965, us marines went in to crush the dominicans, who were trying to restore their elected president.
the american nation, cannot, must not, and will not permit the establishment of another communist government in the western hemisphere.
the soviet union, especially after brezhnev came to power in 1964, adhered to the principle of peaceful co-existence and détente, and the relaxation of international tension.
but the cubans had a theory which can be described as "let's have a 100 vietnams".
but in 1970 a coalition of the left and the centre sought electoral victory.
unidad popular was led by a doctor, freemason and marxist bon vivant,
the left, er, in the midst of the cold war, and he represented of course socialism and marxism.
worried that a marxist would come to power in legitimate elections, us business made its move.
i directed that an approach be made to both the state department and mr. kissinger's office to tell them that we have grave concern over the outlook for itt's investment, and we were desirous of discussing our thoughts
in washington and willing to assist financially in any government plan to help protect private american investment in chile.
in the shanty towns of chile there were high hopes as the newly elected president set out on reform - without, he hoped, outside interference.
allende's first big step, supported by all chilean political parties, was the nationalization of copper,
in the chilean countryside, peasants, chanting pro-cuban slogans, began seizing the land.
what happened afterwards confirmed the fears, because the government, on the one hand, started to expropriate land, started to expropriate industry.
there allende sought the money he needed to stave off bankruptcy.
but the russians, already spending a fortune to support cuba, were unimpressed.
just after midday on tuesday 11th september, under orders from general pinochet,
british-made hunter jets swooped over the moneda presidential palace starting fires which were to burn for weeks.
jimmy carter promised a new us attitude to the rest of the world.
i announced that human rights would be a cornerstone or foundation of our entire foreign policy.
the us woke up to popular anger against the super-rich family which had been its ally for more than four decades.
i have been fighting the east west ideological war since the inception of fidel castro so we've been under the attack of that cuban government for almost eighteen years.
jimmy carter had left it very late before abandoning the somozas and accepting the new sandinista government.
i said to carter the united states had to make good the historical damage they had inflicted on our country.
our party hymn still includes the words, "yankee - the enemy of humanity".
we said to him that the only way to abolish that line would be for the attitude of the imperialist powers to change throughout the world.
on the concrete steps of the cathedral in san salvador the military decreed that demonstrators for human rights should be discouraged - nothing very new for el salvador.
in a massacre in 1932, the military had killed up to 40,000 people.
when he spoke out, the reaction from the right was immediate.
during the last months, the letterbox at the seminary where he had his office was full of anonymous letters practically every day, with death squad emblems oh them.
the fact that they had murdered the archbishop of san salvador, who was the highest church representative, and that they had no qualms about killing him, made us all feel practically defenseless.
we said "either we take the struggle into the open to the mountains, or they will kill us all here in the city."
but within six weeks carter had resumed funding an army whose atrocities continued.
everything consisted of beatings, electric shocks and rape, and in keeping me naked.
i was blindfolded so that i could not see the faces of my interrogators.
in town, those suspected of being sympathetic to the guerrillas were easy prey for government forces.
at night, bodies were dumped on waste ground or left on city streets.
like the sandinistas in neighboring nicaragua, the salvadorian guerrillas wouldn't give up.
i would call it a priority target list - a hit list if you will - for the ultimate takeover of central america.
look, if a soviet-cuban master plan actually existed we would have won the cold war.
in 1981, it went on a search and destroy mission in the guerrilla-controlled morazan province.
at about 5 o'clock in the morning of december 11th, it would go into action near the village of el mozote.
we heard them killing the children - they killed them at night- you could hear the screams for their mamas and papas.
as the reagan administration moved to shore up the right in el salvador and bring down the left in nicaragua, neighboring honduras became a base for all sorts of us activity.
some of them were former members of the national guard of nicaragua.
a lot of them were just, you know, peasants from the mountainous areas between
does that mean we are not arming or supplying any of the dissidents along the border the honduran border?
i am not going to get in i could not and would not possibly talk about such things
and i said, "well i have an idea but i don't know for sure".
and he said, "well you're invading grenada", and he said, "please tell the troops that when they're finished there to just keep on coming to nicaragua."
the sandinistas desperately needed to get hard currency for their exports to pay off their bank loans.
so this was a time to put the mines into corinto- they've only got one harbor that counts and at the same time make sure we notified lioyds of london the mines have gone in, so hopefully they put pressure
therefore these requests were politely denied every time the sandinistas brought it up in moscow.
the sandinistas, with help from cuba, vowed to defend their borders and the revolution.
the success of communism in central america poses the threat that a hundred million people from panama to the open border on our south, could come under the control of pro-soviet regimes.
angry at reagan's continued support for the contra war, the us congress, again led by representative boland, voted in october 1984 to deny them any further assistance.
the united states saw a threat to their interests, because they thought it was a communist struggle.
they didn't see us as citizens who wanted a democratic country where there was social justice and which offered opportunities to the majority.
the cold war cost latin america the lives of hundreds of thousands of people.
in nicaragua alone, 50,000 died in the sandinista revolution and another 50,000 died in the civil war.
on the other hand, i think an equally if not more compelling case can be made than had we not done something to stop communist regimes from being established in the other central american countries, other than nicaragua,
say that they had been established in el salvador and then in guatemala and possibly even honduras during the 1980s, if we hadn't taken the steps that we took,
sandinista leader daniel ortega asks the nicaraguan people to vote him president.
former us president jimmy carter was there to see fair play.
from its birth in 1776, the united states had grown and grown.
where its flag did not fly, its troops or agents often intervened.
in the 1950s, the guatemalans dared to challenge an american business that controlled much of its economy.
the united fruit company of boston owned half a million acres of land, the rail road, the port and telecommunications.
president arbenz started a land reform program, buying up fallow land to distribute to peasants.
in compensation, he offered the landowners the values they had themselves declared for taxes.
united fruit was offered just over a million dollars for its land.
when arbenz declared nationalization, the company, backed by the united states, claimed 16 million dollars.
in this impasse the us named john peurifoy as its new ambassador.
peurifoy had had experience of communist efforts to gain power in greece.
in esquipulas, an important religious shrine in a very catholic country, the church helped organize the opposition to arbenz.
a cia operation, code-named pb success, mobilized disaffected exiles and peasants into action.
what we wanted to do was have a terror campaign to terrify
arbenz particularly, terrify his his troops, much as the german stuka bombers terrified the population of holland,
they even set up anti-communist committees, where anyone could go and give the names of people who had been loyal to the revolution.
these people would then be mercilessly kidnapped, killed and so on.
castro established a regime soon to be allied with the soviet union.
let all our neighbors know that we shall join with them to oppose aggression or subversion anywhere in the americas.
in 1961, john fitzgerald kennedy took over the presidency and with it a cia scheme to send in an army of exiles to overthrow castro, as they had earlier overthrown arbenz in guatemala.
so i was yanked back from montevideo, where i would have been content to spend the rest of my life, and told: "what we're doing is reassembling the pb success team, that is the guatemala operational team,
castro, triumphant, was eager to take armed revolution into latin america.
to combat the cuban challenge the us established in its panama canal zone a sophisticated school.
in 1965, us marines went in to crush the dominicans, who were trying to restore their elected president.
the american nation, cannot, must not, and will not permit the establishment of another communist government in the western hemisphere.
but in 1970 a coalition of the left and the centre sought electoral victory.
unidad popular was led by a doctor, freemason and marxist bon vivant,
worried that a marxist would come to power in legitimate elections, us business made its move.
i directed that an approach be made to both the state department and mr. kissinger's office to tell them that we have grave concern over the outlook for itt's investment, and we were desirous of discussing our thoughts
this upset foreign financiers and the world bank in washington, which out off credits.
chile of course is interested in obtaining loans from international organizations where we have a vote and i indicated that wherever we had a vote- where chile was involved- that unless there were strong considerations on the other side that we would vote against them.
cia money helped pay for chilean truck owners to bring the country to a standstill.
at the un, allende accused itt of trying to provoke a civil war.
this regime would soon be toppled, because they were trying through very democratic means -
without the use of arms, to break the resistance of stronger opposition forces.
general augusto pinochet was appointed as his loyal chief of the army.
once again the truck owners paralyzed the world's longest and thinnest country.
just after midday on tuesday 11th september, under orders from general pinochet,
british-made hunter jets swooped over the moneda presidential palace starting fires which were to burn for weeks.
in the capital, suspects were rounded up into the national stadium.
many, like folk singer victor jara, were never seen alive again.
i announced that human rights would be a cornerstone or foundation of our entire foreign policy.
so i officially designated every us ambassador on earth to be my personal human rights representative.
the us woke up to popular anger against the super-rich family which had been its ally for more than four decades.
i have been fighting the east west ideological war since the inception of fidel castro so we've been under the attack of that cuban government for almost eighteen years.
i said to carter the united states had to make good the historical damage they had inflicted on our country.
our party hymn still includes the words, "yankee - the enemy of humanity".
in a massacre in 1932, the military had killed up to 40,000 people.
in 1979, the cameras were on hand to record the color of the blood.
everything consisted of beatings, electric shocks and rape, and in keeping me naked.
as soon as i was taken to the headquarters i was undressed.
at night, bodies were dumped on waste ground or left on city streets.
like the sandinistas in neighboring nicaragua, the salvadorian guerrillas wouldn't give up.
i said i would die with them but they wrenched them from my arms.
we heard them killing the children - they killed them at night- you could hear the screams for their mamas and papas.
as the reagan administration moved to shore up the right in el salvador and bring down the left in nicaragua, neighboring honduras became a base for all sorts of us activity.
honduras was the main place where a force was being trained to over throw the government of nicaragua.
some of them were former members of the national guard of nicaragua.
a lot of them were just, you know, peasants from the mountainous areas between
an amendment by representative boland of massachusetts curtailed reagan's funds for arming the contras.
we are complying with the law - the boland amendment, which is the law.
does that mean we are not arming or supplying any of the dissidents along the border the honduran border?
i am not going to get in i could not and would not possibly talk about such things
on the caribbean island of grenada, where the british queen elizabeth was still
head of state, a left-wing government was using cuban contractors to build a new tourist airport.
the sandinistas desperately needed to get hard currency for their exports to pay off their bank loans.
so this was a time to put the mines into corinto- they've only got one harbor that counts and at the same time make sure we notified lioyds of london the mines have gone in, so hopefully they put pressure
united states into giving more military aid to the contras and to the honduran government.
therefore these requests were politely denied every time the sandinistas brought it up in moscow.
the united states saw a threat to their interests, because they thought it was a communist struggle.
they didn't see us as citizens who wanted a democratic country where there was social justice and which offered opportunities to the majority.
there were a lot of deaths, a lot of suffering, a lot of refugees, a lot of population movements.
on the other hand, i think an equally if not more compelling case can be made than had we not done something to stop communist regimes from being established in the other central american countries, other than nicaragua,
say that they had been established in el salvador and then in guatemala and possibly even honduras during the 1980s, if we hadn't taken the steps that we took,
i think the immediate suffering could have even been considerably greater.
okay, first things first, you can not sit at a table as well.
you can not sit with your back to the wall, come on.
then start making all that noise, and then came and almost suspended my ass.
i convinced it was all feelings and heart; only punished me.
so you can see how the lack of white cells can sicken the body.
okay, can someone explain what happens if the body does not have enough white cells?
no, it's just ... what kind of guy is going around putting nicknames to other guys?
the kind of guy that will tell you that draw blood, black.
sometimes i can not even reach the end of the month with the pension.
after prison i went to miami, but it did not work.
the women who wrote that book wrote it because they couldn't get laid... so they constructed this whole bullshit theory... to make women who can get laid feel bad.
but if you're serious about a guy, then you have to keep him... in a holding pattern for at least five dates.
or was going out to dinner simply a diversionary tactic... to keep me from spending the night?
before i was able to completely indulge my paranoia... it was my pal mike singer.
the dress led me on, had a life of its own.
then we went to this chinese restaurant, and you'll never guess who i ran into.
since he didn't think libby was that gorgeous... there wasn't any pressure.
the next morning, he woke up and felt at ease... very relaxed.
i couldn't decide whether mike was being shallow or honest... but the question nagged me for days.
how many of us out there are having great sex... with people we're ashamed to introduce to our friends?
have i ever had fabulous sex with someone i didn't want to admit to?
did i ever tell you about that jazz musician who lived with his mother?
you are going to be on the side of a bus.
ten million men are going to be drooling over you on their way to work.
it's the best personal ad i've ever seen in my life.
samantha had a particular knack... for turning a desperate situation into a hopeless one.
i had just escaped the "sex on the first date" curse.
that weekend, i was out with a man... whose name i wanted to shout from the rooftops.
i realized it smelled like a cheap date you don't want anyone to meet.
i told mr. big i was on a deadline and i had to get home.
the next morning, miranda discovered a shocking sex secret of her own.
she had just spent a wonderful night with ted... who had to leave early in the morning to catch a flight to d.c. for a conference.
meanwhile, miranda spent another wonderful evening with ted... and began to reevaluate her options.
that was one of the most amazing meals i have ever had.
i guess i've just been waiting all this time for a good kick in the head.
and here i thought that all you really wanted was a good spanking.
like i'm only a particular fragment of the kind of person... you think you should be dating.
but i've only gotten to know a particular fragment... although i'm beginning to know more.
i think fung wa's is the best chinese food in the city... so that's why we went there.
and... the guy we met in the street, and i couldn't remember his name-- which possibly means i have alzheimer's-- so that's what that was about.
and this afternoon i had courtside tickets to the knicks... and that's all, folks.
i should have been jumping for joy, but i only felt a hard knot of fear.
they constructed this whole bullshit theory to make women who can get laid feel bad.
but if you're serious about a guy, keep him waiting for at least five dates.
the number of dates that you wait to have sex is proportional to your age.
forget the math, don't fuck on a first date, you're fine.
the dress led me on, it had a life of its own.
we went to this restaurant afterwards, you'll never guess who i ran into.
next morning, he woke up and felt at ease, very relaxed.
i'm a creative director of an ad agency but... eventually i'd love to have my own shop.
have i ever had fabulous sex with someone i didn't want to admit to?
did i tell you about that jazz musician who lived with his mother in queens?
it's the best personal ad i've ever seen in my life.
samantha had a particular knack for turning a desperate situation into a hopeless one.
was secret sex the ultimate form of intimacy, since it existed in a pure state, exempt from the judgment of the world?
or is it just another way to deny our feelings and emotionally compartmentalise our lives?
was it possible that i had become mr big's secret sex girl?
the next morning, miranda discovered a shocking sex secret of her own.
the women who wrote that book wrote it because they couldn't get laid... so they constructed this whole bullshit theory... to make women who can get laid feel bad.
but if you're serious about a guy, then you have to keep him... in a holding pattern for at least five dates.
or was going out to dinner simply a diversionary tactic... to keep me from spending the night?
before i was able to completely indulge my paranoia... it was my pal mike singer.
the dress led me on, had a lif e of its own.
then we went to this chinese restaurant, and you'll never guess who i ran into.
since he didn't think libby was that gorgeous... there wasn't any pressure.
the next morning, he woke up and felt at ease... very relaxed.
i couldn't decide whether mike was being shallow or honest... but the question nagged me for days.
how many of us out there are having great sex... with people we're ashamed to introduce to our friends?
have i ever had fabulous sex with someone i didn't want to admit to?
did i ever tell you about that jazz musician who lived with his mother?
you are going to be on the side of a bus.
ten million men are going to be drooling over you on their way to work.
it's the best personal ad i've ever seen in my life.
samantha had a particular knack... for turning a desperate situation into a hopeless one.
i had just escaped the "sex on the first date" curse.
that weekend, i was out with a man... whose name i wanted to shout from the rooftops.
i realized it smelled like a cheap date you don't want anyone to meet.
i told mr. big i was on a deadline and i had to get home.
the next morning, miranda discovered a shocking sex secret of her own.
she had just spent a wonderful night with ted... who had to leave early in the morning to catch a flight to d.c. for a conference.
meanwhile, miranda spent another wonderful evening with ted... and began to reevaluate her options.
that was one of the most amazing meals i have ever had.
i guess i've just been waiting all this time for a good kick in the head.
and here i thought that all you really wanted was a good spanking.
like i'm only a particular fragment of the kind of person... you think you should be dating.
but i've only gotten to know a particular fragment... although i'm beginning to know more.
i think fung wa's is the best chinese food in the city... so that's why we went there.
and... the guy we met in the street, and i couldn't remember his name-- which possibly means i have alzheimer's-- so that's what that was about.
and this afternoon i had courtside tickets to the knicks... and that's all, folks.
i should have been jumping f r joy, but i only felt a hard knot of fear.
had mr big discovered my weakness for great sex and greasy chinese?
or was going out to dinner a diversionary tactic to keep me from spending the night?
mike had been dumped by fiona brooks, a cellist, who he was trying to forget as quickly as possible.
they had both loved to cook, shopping for the week was a saturday morning ritual.
since he didn't think libby was that gorgeous, there wasn't any pressure.
next morning, he woke up and felt at ease, very relaxed.
how many of us out there are having great sex with people we're ashamed to introduce to our friends?
have i ever had fabulous sex with someone i didn't want to admit to?
evidently, samantha had had lots of sex, none of which was secret.
fine, it just proves i'm not ashamed of anyone i've slept with.
ten million men will be drooling over you every morning on their way to work.
it's the best personal ad i've ever seen in my life.
samantha had a particular knack for turning a desperate situation into a hopeless one.
speaking of secret sex, did charlotte ever tell you about the rabbi?
i had just escaped the sex on the first date curse.
that weekend, i was with a man whose name i wanted to shout from the rooftops.
i realised it smelled like a cheap date you don't want anyone to meet.
i told mr big i was on a deadline and had to get home.
the next morning, miranda discovered a shocking sex secret of her own.
she had just spent a wonderful night with ted, who had to leave early to catch a flight to dc for a spinal conference.
you feel your cock where it wants to be every night?
every night when you come home and everything's done in the house...
meanwhile, miranda spent another wonderful evening with ted and began to re-evaluate her options.
that was one of the most amazing meals i've ever had.
i guess i've just been waiting all this time for a good kick in the head.
and i thought all you really wanted was a good spanking.
you have me in a niche - certain events, restaurants, certain people.
like i'm only a particular fragment of the kind of person you think that you should be dating.
and this afternoon i had courtside tickets to the knicks, and that's all folks!
i should have been jumping for joy, but i only felt a hard knot of fear.
the women who wrote that book wrote it because they couldn't get laid... so they constructed this whole bullshit theory... to make women who can get laid feel bad.
but if you're serious about a guy, then you have to keep him... in a holding pattern for at least five dates.
or was going out to dinner simply a diversionary tactic... to keep me from spending the night?
before i was able to completely indulge my paranoia... it was my pal mike singer.
the dress led me on, had a lif e of its own.
then we went to this chinese restaurant, and you'll never guess who i ran into.
since he didn't think libby was that gorgeous... there wasn't any pressure.
the next morning, he woke up and felt at ease... very relaxed.
i couldn't decide whether mike was being shallow or honest... but the question nagged me for days.
how many of us out there are having great sex... with people we're ashamed to introduce to our friends?
have i ever had fabulous sex with someone i didn't want to admit to?
did i ever tell you about that jazz musician who lived with his mother?
you are going to be on the side of a bus.
ten million men are going to be drooling over you on their way to work.
it's the best personal ad i've ever seen in my life.
samantha had a particular knack... for turning a desperate situation into a hopeless one.
i had just escaped the "sex on the first date" curse.
that weekend, i was out with a man... whose name i wanted to shout from the rooftops.
i realized it smelled like a cheap date you don't want anyone to meet.
i told mr. big i was on a deadline and i had to get home.
the next morning, miranda discovered a shocking sex secret of her own.
she had just spent a wonderful night with ted... who had to leave early in the morning to catch a flight to d.c. for a conference.
meanwhile, miranda spent another wonderful evening with ted... and began to reevaluate her options.
that was one of the most amazing meals i have ever had.
i guess i've just been waiting all this time for a good kick in the head.
and here i thought that all you really wanted was a good spanking.
like i'm only a particular fragment of the kind of person... you think you should be dating.
but i've only gotten to know a particular fragment... although i'm beginning to know more.
i think fung wa's is the best chinese food in the city... so that's why we went there.
and... the guy we met in the street, and i couldn't remember his name-- which possibly means i have alzheimer's-- so that's what that was about.
and this afternoon i had courtside tickets to the knicks... and that's all, folks.
i should have been jumping f r joy, but i only felt a hard knot of fear.
the town of cheney is too small to maintain a morgue facility.
as such, we made our way to the peaceful slumbers funeral home...
his body completely drained of blood, and two little puncture wounds on his neck.
okay, look, scully, i don't want to jump to any hasty conclusions,
but on the strength of the evidence that we have here,
i think what we may be looking at is what appears to be a series of vampire...
i think what we're dealing with here is simply a case of some lunatic... who, uh, has watched too many bela lugosi movies.
he wishes that he could transfigure himself into a creature of the night.
sunlight kills certain vampires, while others come and go as they please, day or night.
if there's a point, mulder, please feel free to come to it.
it's just that my gut instinct tells me that the killer will visit this place,
that it may well hold some fascination, some kind of siren call for him.
i haven't eaten since 6:00 this morning, and that was was half a cream cheese bagel.
it wasn't even real cream cheese, it was light cream cheese!
these may be syringe marks, their placement meant to emulate fangs.
such ritualistic bloodletting points towards cultists of some sort, in which case-- what ?
[ disgusted sigh ] [ scully's voice ] the town of cheney is too small to maintain a morgue facility.
as such, we made our way to the peaceful slumbers funeral home... in order to examine the body of one mr. dwight funt, recently deceased.
basically, i think we're looking for someone who has seen one too many bela lugosi movies.
he believes he is a vampire, therefore he-- they act like one.
now-- now, isn't there some kind of disease that makes a person think that they're a vampire ?
well, there is a psychological fixation called hematodipsia, which causes the sufferer to gain erotic satisfaction... from consuming human blood.
[ neck muscles cracking ] [ sighs ] [ scully's voice ] having completed the autopsy, i checked into the davey crockett motor court.
[ mulder ] the name of it was actually the sam houston motor lodge.
long story short, though my first four shots obviously missed ronnie strickland entirely, with my fifth, i was able to shoot out a tire on his car, forcing him to escape on foot.
i left you behind, and i entered the woods in pursuit.
are you afraid if you tell it... the way it really happened, you'll look like an idiot, like me ?
mulder, why don't you tell me the way you think it happened ?
actually it's a little town just south of there called cheney, texas.
they've had incidents down there recently which i think you'll agree are pretty unusual.
his body completely drained of blood, and two little puncture wounds on his neck.
okay, look, scully, i don't want to jump to any hasty conclusions, but on the strength of the evidence that we have here, i think what we may be looking at is what appears to be a series of vampire... orvampire-like attacks.
once i heard y'all was interested, i figured we'd best leave it to the experts.
now, uh, that can't be what it looks like, right ?
it depends on what you think it looks like, sheriff hartwell.
vampires have always been with us, in ancient myths and stories passed down from early man.
in short, sheriff, no, this can't be what it looks like.
i think what we're dealing with here is simply a case of some lunatic... [ chuckles ] who, uh, has watched too many bela lugosi movies.
to the serbs, a prime indicator of vampirism was red hair.
[ chuckles ] uh, some vampires are thought to be eternal.
others are thought to have a life span of only 40 days.
sunlight kills certain vampires, while others come and go as they please, day or night.
if there's a point, mulder, please feel free to come to it.
my point is we don't know exactly what we're looking for, what kind of vampire-- or, if you prefer, what kind of vampire this killer wishes himself to be.
so while you stayed behind to do the autopsy, the sheriff drove me to the town cemetery.
[ thunder rumbling ] [ metal gate squeaking ] agent mulder, you mind me askin' you why we're out here ?
we used to have swamps, only the e.p.a. made us take to calling' 'em wetlands.
yeah, so we're out here looking for any signs of vampiric activity.
do you mind-- do you mind me askin' you what you were-- historically, certain types of seeds are thought to fascinate vampires.
chiefly oats and millet, but, you know, you gotta make do with what you have.
i had the sheriff drop me at the motel, which is where i ran into you.
[ shouting ] what do you mean you want me to do another autopsy ?
it wasn't even real cream cheese, it was light cream cheese !
now you want me to run off and do another autopsy ?
i don't know for how long, but when i finally came to-- [ hissing ] [ scully ] mulder ?
[ gun cocks ] [ growls ] you're saying that i actually hit him two times ?
"flying squirrel" when i talk to skinner, but, yeah, that's what happened.
[ mulder ] you checked on me, then left to pursue ronnie strickland into the woods.
real vampires aren't thought to have them. it's more an invention of bram stoker's.
you were right before when you said that this is a guy who's watched too many dracula movies.
old ronnie, he just-- he can't quite seem to grasp the concept... of... low profile.
but though he may be a moron, he is one of our own.
and that's exactly the way it happened, from start to finish ?
well, i can neither confirm nor deny agent mulder's version of events... which occurred outside my presence.
but, you won't mind if i talk to tony reed, do you?
i mean, it won't hurt your case and if he did do it, you'll want to know why.
well, that might make things worse, and they seem pretty bad already.
in your statement, you say that deputy foster stopped you, but you don't say why.
16 years old, and his life is over unless he starts telling the truth.
if you think he's guilty, why don't you ask yourself this?
do you realize that tony could go to prison for the rest of his life for this?
chastity, if you know something, now is the time to mention it.
you got a chance at a good life... a real future.
we didn't come all this way so you could throw it away.
whatever gives you power to rearrange furniture and turn a flashlight into a battering ram also gives you quite a buzz.
if i can do all that, then what's stopping me from doing it to you?
if he can do what you claimed, then who could possibly intervene?
it's someone who knows exactly how max does what he does.
i gotta know if you're gonna back me up, or what?
first of all, if the family of ronnie strickland does indeed decide to sue the fbi for
actually, a town called chaney about 50 miles south of there, population 361.
by all accounts very rustic and charming, but as of late, the locus for a series of nocturnal exsanguinations.
as such, we made our way to the peaceful slumbers funeral home in order to examine the body of one mr dwight funt, recently deceased.
it was there that we were met by a representative of local law enforcement.
now, isn't there some kind of disease that makes a person think that they're a vampire?
well, there is a psychological fixation called haematodipsia, which causes the sufferer to gain erotic satisfaction from consuming human blood.
in short, sheriff, no, this can't be what it looks like.
i think what we're dealing with here is simply a case of some lunatic, who, uh, has watched too many bela lugosi movies.
to the serbs, a prime indicator of vampirism was red hair.
uh, some vampires are thought to be eternal, others to have a life span of only 40 days.
sunlight kills certain vampires, while others are thought to come and go as they please.
if there is a point, feel free to come to it.
so, while you did the autopsy, the sheriff drove me to the town cemetery.
agent mulder, you mind me askin' you why we're out here?
historically, cemeteries are thought to be a haven for vampires, as are castles, catacombs and swamps - but you don't have any of those.
we used to have swamps, only the epa made us take to calling' 'em wetlands.
it's just that my gut instinct tells me that the killer will visit this place.
that it may well hold some fascination, some kind of siren call for him, you know?
chiefly oats and millet, but you make do with what you have.
remember when i said that we didn't know what type of vampire we were looking for?
well, there seems to be one obscure fact which, in all the stories told by the different cultures, is the same, and that's that vampires are really, really obsessive-compulsive.
you toss a handful of seeds at one, no matter what he's doin' he'll pick it up.
oh, yeah, sorry. 247, right off the top of his head.
well, if he picked 'em up, then he would have been a vampire.
tired, frustrated, and lacking a solid lead, i just wanted to get cleaned up.
i had the sheriff drop me at the motel, which is where i ran into you.
i haven't eaten since 6_ooam, and that was half of a cream-cheese bagel - and it wasn't even real cream cheese.
and now you want me to run off and do another autopsy?
well, i don't think i'll use the phrase "flying squirrel" when i talk to skinner, but, yeah, that's what happened.
you checked on me, then left to pursue strickland into the woods.
no, i mean, even if they did really exist, who's to say they'd actually be like that?
as agent mulder says, "there are many different kinds of vampires."
and that's exactly the way it happened from start to finish?
i can neither confirm nor deny the version of events which occurred outside my presence.
[ scully's voice ] the town of cheney is too small to maintain a morgue facility.
as such, we made our way to the peaceful slumbers funeral home...
his body completely drained of blood, and two little puncture wounds on his neck.
okay, look, scully, i don't want to jump to any hasty conclusions,
but on the strength of the evidence that we have here,
i think what we may be looking at is what appears to be a series of vampire...
- that's a whole lot of caskets. - largest in-stock selection in the state.
well, why would a town with a population of only 361 need that?
i think what we're dealing with here is simply a case of some lunatic...
[ chuckles ] who, uh, has watched too many bela lugosi movies.
to the serbs, a prime indicator of vampirism was red hair.
[ chuckles ] uh, some vampires are thought to be eternal.
others are thought to have a life span of only 40 days.
sunlight kills certain vampires, while others come and go as they please, day or night.
if there's a point, mulder, please feel free to come to it.
my point is we don't know exactly what we're looking for,
chiefly oats and millet, but, you know, you gotta make do with what you have.
remember when i said before that we didn't know what type of vampire we were looking for?
[ bed vibrating ] i just wanted to get cleaned up.
i had the sheriff drop me at the motel, which is where i ran into you.
i haven't eaten since 6:00 this morning, and that was was half a cream cheese bagel.
it wasn't even real cream cheese, it was light cream cheese!
lock the door on your way out. [ disgusted sigh ]
[ scully's voice ] the town of cheney is too small to maintain a morgue facility.
as such, we made our way to the peaceful slumbers funeral home...
in order to examine the body of one mr. dwight funt,
the way it really happened, you'll look like an idiot, like me?
mulder, why don't you tell me the way you think it happened?
actually it's a little town just south of there called cheney, texas.
they've had incidents down there recently which i think you'll agree are pretty unusual.
okay, look, scully, i don't want to jump to any hasty conclusions,
but on the strength of the evidence that we have here,
in short, sheriff, no, this can't be what it looks like.
i think what we're dealing with here is simply a case of some lunatic...
[ chuckles ] who, uh, has watched too many bela lugosi movies.
he wishes that he could transfigure himself into a creature of the night.
[ chuckles ] uh, some vampires are thought to be eternal.
others are thought to have a life span of only 40 days.
sunlight kills certain vampires, while others come and go as they please, day or night.
if there's a point, mulder, please feel free to come to it.
we used to have swamps, only the e.p.a. made us take to calling' 'em wetlands.
yeah, so we're out here looking for any signs of vampiric activity.
it's just that my gut instinct tells me that the killer will visit this place,
that it may well hold some fascination, some kind of siren call for him.
i had the sheriff drop me at the motel, which is where i ran into you.
[ shouting ] what do you mean you want me to do another autopsy?
it wasn't even real cream cheese, it was light cream cheese!
now you want me to run off and do another autopsy?
and that's exactly the way it happened, from start to finish?
well, i can neither confirm nor deny agent mulder's version of events...
[ scully's voice ] the town of cheney is too small to maintain a morgue facility.
as such, we made our way to the peaceful slumbers funeral home...
the way it really happened, you'll look like an idiot, like me ?
mulder, why don't you tell me the way you think it happened ?
actually it's a little town just south of there called cheney, texas.
they've had incidents down there recently which i think you'll agree are pretty unusual.
okay, look, scully, i don't want to jump to any hasty conclusions,
but on the strength of the evidence that we have here,
now, uh, that can't be what it looks like, right ?
it depends on what you think it looks like, sheriff hartwell.
i think what we're dealing with here is simply a case of some lunatic...
[ chuckles ] who, uh, has watched too many bela lugosi movies.
to the serbs, a prime indicator of vampirism was red hair.
[ chuckles ] uh, some vampires are thought to be eternal.
others are thought to have a life span of only 40 days.
sunlight kills certain vampires, while others come and go as they please, day or night.
if there's a point, mulder, please feel free to come to it.
my point is we don't know exactly what we're looking for,
it's just that my gut instinct tells me that the killer will visit this place,
that it may well hold some fascination, some kind of siren call for him.
chiefly oats and millet, but, you know, you gotta make do with what you have.
remember when i said before that we didn't know what type of vampire we were looking for ?
[ bed vibrating ] i just wanted to get cleaned up.
i had the sheriff drop me at the motel, which is where i ran into you.
i haven't eaten since 6:00 this morning, and that was was half a cream cheese bagel.
it wasn't even real cream cheese, it was light cream cheese !
and that's exactly the way it happened, from start to finish ?
well, i can neither confirm nor deny agent mulder's version of events...
[ scully's voice ] the town of cheney is too small to maintain a morgue facility.
as such, we made our way to the peaceful slumbers funeral home...
the way it really happened, you'll look like an idiot, like me ?
mulder, why don't you tell me the way you think it happened ?
actually it's a little town just south of there called cheney, texas.
they've had incidents down there recently which i think you'll agree are pretty unusual.
okay, look, scully, i don't want to jump to any hasty conclusions,
but on the strength of the evidence that we have here,
now, uh, that can't be what it looks like, right ?
it depends on what you think it looks like, sheriff hartwell.
i think what we're dealing with here is simply a case of some lunatic...
[ chuckles ] who, uh, has watched too many bela lugosi movies.
to the serbs, a prime indicator of vampirism was red hair.
[ chuckles ] uh, some vampires are thought to be eternal.
others are thought to have a life span of only 40 days.
sunlight kills certain vampires, while others come and go as they please, day or night.
if there's a point, mulder, please feel free to come to it.
my point is we don't know exactly what we're looking for,
it's just that my gut instinct tells me that the killer will visit this place,
that it may well hold some fascination, some kind of siren call for him.
chiefly oats and millet, but, you know, you gotta make do with what you have.
remember when i said before that we didn't know what type of vampire we were looking for ?
[ bed vibrating ] i just wanted to get cleaned up.
i had the sheriff drop me at the motel, which is where i ran into you.
i haven't eaten since 6:00 this morning, and that was was half a cream cheese bagel.
it wasn't even real cream cheese, it was light cream cheese !
and that's exactly the way it happened, from start to finish ?
well, i can neither confirm nor deny agent mulder's version of events...
i gotta know if you're gonna back me up, or what?
first of all, if the family of ronnie strickland does indeed decide to sue the fbi for
actually, a town called chaney about 50 miles south of there, population 361.
by all accounts very rustic and charming, but as of late, the locus for a series of nocturnal exsanguinations.
as such, we made our way to the peaceful slumbers funeral home in order to examine the body of one mr dwight funt, recently deceased.
it was there that we were met by a representative of local law enforcement.
now, isn't there some kind of disease that makes a person think that they're a vampire?
well, there is a psychological fixation called hematodipsia, which causes the sufferer to gain erotic satisfaction from consuming human blood.
having completed the autopsy, i checked into the davey crockett motor court.
the name of it was actually the sam houston motor lodge.
though my first four shots obviously missed ronnie strickland entirely, with my fifth i was able to shoot out a tire on his car, forcing him to escape on foot.
i left you behind and i entered the woods in pursuit.
that if you tell it the way it really happened, you'll look like an idiot - like me?
mulder, why don't you tell me the way you think it happened?
actually, it's a little town south of there called chaney, texas.
they've had some incidents down there recently which are pretty unusual.
his body completely drained of blood and two little puncture wounds on his neck.
ok, look, scully, i don't want to jump to any hasty conclusions, but on the strength of the evidence that we have, i think that what we may be looking at is what appears to be a series of vampire or vampirelike attacks.
vampires have always been with us, in myths and stories passed down from early man.
from the babylonian ekimmu, to the chinese kuang-shi, the motetz dam of the hebrews, the mormo of ancient greece and rome, right down to the more familiar nosferatu.
i think what we're dealing with here is simply a case of some lunatic, who has watched too many bela lugosi movies.
he wishes that he could transfigure himself into a creature of the night.
some vampires are thought to be eternal, others to have a life span of only 40 days.
sunlight kills certain vampires, while others are thought to come and go as they please.
what kind of vampire or, if you prefer, what kind of vampire this killer wishes himself to be.
now, why is it so important that his shoes were untied?
agent mulder, you mind me askin' you why we're out here?
historically, cemeteries are thought to be a haven for vampires, as are castles, catacombs and swamps - but you don't have any of those.
remember when i said that we didn't know what type of vampire we were looking for?
well, there seems to be one obscure fact which, in all the stories told by the different cultures, is the same, and that's that vampires are really, really obsessive-compulsive.
well, i don't think i'll use the phrase "flying squirrel" when i talk to skinner, but, yeah, that's what happened.
you checked on me, then left to pursue strickland into the woods.
and that's exactly the way it happened from start to finish?
i can neither confirm nor deny the version of events which occurred outside my presence.
in east l. a. but i want to live in brentwood
because it's a lot better than where i'm living now, you know.
and oh my god, my dad would get so mad, you know.
he'd yell at me and he'd yell at the dog and then he'd hit me
so i walked him and i walked him and i walked him.
and i just began to resent that little fucker, you know?
and they always come over and they go to the mall
and they go to dinner and they go to the movies and six flags.
well, i was supposed to be in the miss hope springs pageant
tonight, but i had to drop out due to hyper exhaustion.
but the odds were against me right from the start anyway.
i mean, a five year old just, you know, you can't
you'll never be able to say, of all the five or six girls
in this city who entered, i came off as the most
(singing) there's a feeling that you get way deep down below.
a little tinkle that you get when you just have to let it
i'm going to do a one woman show all about my life and career.
you know, and it's going to be funny and it's going to be sad,
and that is important it is to get a gay friend.
they're so much fun and they help you win beauty pageants.
i'll accept the deal if you call off every one of your fetishes.
i'll put the hat on the ground and you must let me get away before you pick it up.
mother, i want to go with you to see karaba the sorceress.
you're already so much like the men you want to see karaba the sorceress.
i am kirikou i know what i want and i want to know why you are wicked.
you wretched little toad i could gobble you up just like that but you are really too small to bother with.
but if i took the long way round she won't see me.
the look-out fetish is watching you all the time he can spot an ant at the far end of the savannah.
grandfather, i am small and i should like to be grown.
and when you are grown will you want to be small?
so it was not karaba that took away our water supply, she's never eaten anybody, she prefers yams.
you'll end up telling me that she's totally innocent and that she loves everybody.
if someone pulled out that thorn she would feel more pain in that moment than you can possibly imagine.
she had some inkling of that terrible pain when some men seized her and held her fast.
if it was removed she would lose all those powers at the same time.
is that why she always stays at home and never shows her back view?
tremble with fear tremble with joy here she comes here she is tremble with joy tremble with fear for here is ka-ra-ba what do you want, man?
we want you to stop making us die of thirst holding us to ransom, and destroying us, what price do you ask?
er... hey, you're not going to give me to the sorceress are you?
just think, in return for that hat of yours you'll be the village hero, the one who brought peace!
mother, i want to go with you to see karaba the sorceress.
you're already so much like the men you want to see karaba the sorceress.
noble mistress, here come the wretched women of the village with their gold.
tremble with fear tremble with joy here she comes here she is tremble with joy tremble with fear for here is ka-ra-ba
i am kirikou i know what i want and i want to know why you are wicked.
you wretched little toad i could gobble you up just like that but you are really too small to bother with.
the cursed spring is over there you can live without gold but not without water.
you can't live without those you love karaba the sorceress is gradually taking away all our men our village is dying.
water here's water water we drink how refreshing water here's water (bis)
water here's water water that flows it's our chance water that laughs water that's life where is kirikou?
kirikou is tiny but he's my buddy kirikou is tiny but he's my buddy kirikou is a rascal better than us all kirikou is not grown but he is our own kirikou is a teaser but a goodhearted one
kirikou is a teaser but a goodhearted one kirikou is tiny but it's our buddy kirikou is not grown but he is our own kirikou is... i've won!
but if i took the long way round she won't see me.
the look-out fetish is watching you all the time he can spot an ant at the far end of the savannah.
now i have to come out of this hiding place walk to the other side of the mountain without being seen... that's impossible.
but i've always found a solution let's see... if i step away from this tree the look-out fetish will see me but if he doesn't know that it's me, it's ok.
how interesting... i think i've foiund myself a mount to explore the mountain... the big termite mound!
let's hope it'll open... let's hope it'll open... of course... if i ride this animal i can't go through the big termite mound i have to go alone
and when you are grown will you want to be small?
today, being tiny you have been able to enter places where no- one else could.
she likes yams in a nice spicy sauce just like you and i.
so it was not karaba that took away our water supply, she's never eaten anybody, she prefers yams.
if someone pulled out that thorn she would feel more pain in that moment than you can possibly imagine.
she had some inkling of that terrible pain when some men seized her and held her fast while another drove in the thorn.
if it was removed she would lose all those powers at the same time.
is that why she always stays at home and never shows her back view?
the sorceress knows all about spells and charms and tricks the men who think they are protected.
on the other hand she has no idea how to act when confronted with barefaced innocence and a free and alert intelligence.
the villagers won't believe their eyes... let's not go straight back to the village.
no... this is so wonderful... little kirikou should have come back long ago.
hey, you're not going to give me to the sorceress are you?
just think, in return for that hat of yours you'll be the village hero, the one who brought peace!
you're already so much like the men you want to see karaba the sorceress.
noble mistress, here come the wretched women of the village with their gold.
you wretched little toad i could gobble you up just like that but you are really too small to bother with.
i shall wait till you are a little bigger and have more flesh
but if i took the long way round she won't see me.
the look-out fetish is watching you all the time he can spot an ant at the far end of the savannah.
and when you are grown will you want to be small?
today, being tiny you have been able to enter places where no- one else could.
she likes yams in a nice spicy sauce just like you and i.
so it was not karaba that took away our water supply, she's never eaten anybody, she prefers yams.
if someone pulled out that thorn she would feel more pain in that moment than you can possibly imagine.
she had some inkling of that terrible pain when some men seized her and held her fast
if it was removed she would lose all those powers at the same time.
is that why she always stays at home and never shows her back view?
i'll accept the deal if you call off every one of your fetishes.
i'll put the hat on the ground and you must let me get away before you pick it up.
mother, i want to go with you to see karaba the sorceress.
you're already so much like the men you want to see karaba the sorceress.
i am kirikou i know what i want and i want to know why you are wicked.
you wretched little toad i could gobble you up just like that but you are really too small to bother with.
i must ask uncle to kill it and we'll have water again.
yes, but uncle can't get through the hole, no-one can, except me.
grandfather, i am small and i should like to be grown.
and when you are grown will you want to be small?
so it was not karaba that took away our water supply, she's never eaten anybody, she prefers yams.
you'll end up telling me that she's totally innocent and that she loves everybody.
it is that very thorn which gives her her magic powers.
if it was removed she would lose all those powers at the same time.
the sorceress knows all about spells and charms and tricks the men who think they are protected.
on the other hand she has no idea how to act when confronted with barefaced innocence and a free and alert intelligence.
we're glad to have you back but we don't want the sorceress!
karaba is no longer a sorceress and i can't live without her!
is the fact that people have to work for a living.
it would be the first thing, if i had a choice--
i know that they feel they're going to be dying very soon...
with the knowledge that i am going to kind of fade out...
i mean, what does that person think about the grid plan?
probably much more on my plane of thinking, my gradation of being,
if you find the cruise in a piece of carrot cake, a topless bar,
the one thing the cruise always is, i think, is sincere.
to all that is creative and destructive in my life right now.
and i'm equally in love with every aspect of my life...
with sex, drugs and rock n' roll- the sixties shake american values.
the work ethic, military duty, even family life are under attack.
the cold war continues, but for a generation, it's time to make love, not war.
in 1960 america was moving towards the peak of its prosperity and power.
the democrats' choice to run for president was young jack kennedy, good-looking son of an irish- american multi-millionaire.
the kennedy family, but jack in particular and jackie especially as well, just seemed to be the natural fulfillment of the american political process.
they seemed to be the best that the process could bring forward, and represented a new and glittering age.
you have to make your decision of what you want this country to be.
and then those films became a part of his advertising on television.
it was the first time that it had really been done in an effective and organized way.
let every nation know, whether it wishes us well or ill that we shall pay any price,
bear any burden, meet any hardship, support any friend, oppose any foe, to assure the survival and the success of liberty.
the big thing in those days was get into missiles, get into spacecraft, get into satellites.
big things are happening and they're all happening out in california.
disneyland was hiring and work was bad in chicago in '56-'57 so we decided to move out here.
post-war settlers in california left behind the decaying cities of the east.
by 8 o'clock or whenever he opened his doors, we were first in line.
and for $200 cash, check written, why we were in the place.
we paid $10,999, which is, tell somebody back in chicago that and they'd think you were buying a barn, you know.
and it was nice-there was three bedrooms, one bath, and we increased.
and we were assured that we did not have to worry about anything of the sort happening, that the tract simply was not selling to blacks.
the constitution and the bill of rights had not removed the wedges of prejudice that were driven through american society.
we looked at racism by degree, you know, so if you lived in st. louis you said,
"well it could have been worse - you could be in mississippi", you know.
"hey, it's all right, when something is wrong, to say it's wrong.
and in a democracy, if somethings wrong and you say it's wrong, you can gather to petition your government to tell them it's wrong.
a quarter of a million people showed up to listen to a thirty-four year old southern baptist minister.
let freedom ring and if america is to be a great nation this must become true.
i'm cussing and calling them everything i can think of, and blah, blah, blah, and he never left that spirit of love.
george wallace, democratic governor of alabama, saw the growing civil rights movement as part of a communist conspiracy.
in its efforts to influence the american negro, the party attempts to infiltrate the legitimate negro organizations for the purpose of stirring up racial prejudices and hatred.
in this way the party strikes a blow at our democratic form of government by attempting to influence public opinion throughout the world against the united states.
on the very night johnson became president, when we flew back from dallas on november 22nd, 1963,
i was one of three people who sat with him in his bedroom.
and that night, i learned, he had sketched out the great society;
and what he wanted to do- as he said, "now that i've got the power, i aim to use it".
this administration today here and now, declares unconditional war on poverty in america.
and i urge this congress and all americans to join with me in that effort.
he uses nearly a hundred pens to affix the signature and date.
souvenirs go to republican leader, everett dirksen and democratic whip, hubert humphrey.
the president seems to have mastered the art of just touching each pen to the paper.
integration leader martin luther king receives his pen, a gift he said he would cherish.
an increasing minority were questioning the cost and the effect on american life.
they had the pride of billions and billions and billions and trillions of dollars of investment, trillions of dollars of war materials, secrecy, perquisites, pride, an incredible conspiracy of silence surrounding what was supposed to be a democratic nation.
it was all out there in the middle of the cul-de-sac on picnic tables.
we'd blocked off the end of the cul-de-sac, there was no traffic.
the kids would play and they'd have their streamers and their tricycles, you know, all decorated.
and we would have a fine, fine time on the fourth of july.
there had been a long tradition in berkeley, going back many many years, of distributing literature, and giving political speeches, and setting up tables promoting your political groups, right there on the campus grounds.
an edict came down which said that all of that must stop.
i was going to be a public school teacher- this could end my career.
to put that button on, to sing songs that we made up, like, "there are five thousand students in the plaza, the microphones loud, it's drawing a crowd,
american ideals of political freedom were now being extended into the personal realm.
the pursuit of happiness seemed incomplete without the exercise of sexual freedoms.
my name is vera and i'm going to be your bunny tonight.
the philosophy that i have always - that i grew up with and that i espoused in the editorial series, was really personal freedom, political freedom, economic freedom.
people were saying that there was nothing automatically wrong about having sex before marriage.
the birth control pill was available to students at the student health service and most of the women
inside the army base at oakland, california, a scene reminiscent of the recent past.
the years of the korean and world war two campaigns is re-enacted by yet another generation of young americans.
i looked on vietnam initially as the country is potentially at risk.
here's another opportunity to demonstrate strength to the communist world, as it were - our skills, scientific, technical, manufacturing, whatever it might be.
"ask not what your country can do for you but what you can do for your country,"
was really a rallying cry for my generation, at least part of my generation.
we were the new romans who faced the barbarians on the frontiers of the new rome.
i joined the marines out of that sense of patriotism and once we were sent to vietnam, this was all considered to be right and fitting.
while some young americans went off to war in vietnam, others were seeking thrills of a different kind.
they rejected american materialism, not for communism but for love, peace and rock n' roll.
unless it was some place where people were really hostile and wanted to beat you up, it was kind of fun.
i to this day think that it's young people's job to horrify older people.
i think the first reaction of most of us, who were veterans and were working hard and trying to raise a family, suddenly confronted with a generation that seemed not to give a damn.
they wore beads and earrings, and they smoked marijuana, which was a thing to do, and they spoke a different language.
these young americans rejected the work ethic and monogamy for spontaneity, sensuality and psychedelic drugs.
there was the cosmic consciousness, there was being god, there was understanding it all now.
reagan urged a massive effort to win the war in vietnam.
i have always felt that we should be making an all-out effort to win.
i have agreed with those military men and those who have suggested that perhaps more of a blockade with regard to north vietnam, the blocking of the harbor and so forth, to stop the shipments of munitions in as well as
trying to intercept them on their way south, would be more effective.
who were not able to who couldn't conceive that the whole structure of the united states mentality could be so wrong and so disastrous and so earth destroying.
i had the opportunity to travel to vietnam and see firsthand some of the things that were going on;
it was very typical for the police line's there and the student line is here and there's sort of, you know, ritualized back and-forth.
well, with going through this ritualized back-and-forth and this guy takes out this can and sprays it in your face and you're blinded, you know you feel blinded.
ninety-nine percent of the people in this country are terrific americans and disagree entirely with flag burnings, carrying enemy colors, giving medical supplies to the enemy, etcetera.
many could not understand why johnson did not use more of america's massive firepower to end the war.
by the end of 1967, there were half a million american soldiers in vietnam.
we had an anti-war rally with a focus on the fact that twenty-six, twenty-eight percent of the people who were dying on the front lines in vietnam were black americans whose same rights were not being recognized in this country.
no, no, the white people have been taking us for a ride for the past 400 years in america!
in the black ghetto of oakland, california, activists trained as paramilitaries in what they saw as a civil war against a racist police force.
we took our guns with us, to let the police know that,
'we have an equalizer and we're going to exercise', as huey used to say, 'this constitutional right to observe you, whether you like it or not.'
a reasonable distance in that particular ruling was constituted as eight to ten feet.
i'm standing approximately twenty feet from you, and i'll observe you whether you like it or not!
in the summer of 1967, there were riots in newark and detroit.
in detroit the police asked for a war budget of nine million dollars to buy military equipment.
we permit people- we don't care who they are- to come to chicago and visit us, and we will permit people to carry on their rights as american citizens, to petition and demonstrate.
but there's no person any place anywhere, or any thousands of them that will come to chicago and take over our streets, our convention or our city.
mayor daley had no intention of allowing them to march anywhere and wanted them out of the parks.
they wanted a focal point and the focal point would be the park.
that was their main focus, because they knew there'd be a confrontation.
inside the convention, daley prevented mccarthy delegates debating the war on primetime tv.
they're here as guests of the democratic party and let them conduct themselves accordingly or clear the gallery!
will the convention be will the sergeant-at-arms enforce order in the convention!
and the first hit was to the head and drove me to the ground, and then it was just being beaten on the back, you know, over and over again.
it was, i would say, probably the only time in my life where
the police were waiting for them - and for anyone else who stayed in the street.
the majority of the people supported the chicago police in the convention.
when the strongest nation in the world can be tied down for four years in a war in vietnam with no end in sight, when the richest nation in the world can't manage its own economy, when the nation with the greatest tradition of the rule
of law is plagued by unprecedented lawlessness, when a nation has been known for a century for equality of opportunity is torn by unprecedented racial violence, and when the president of the united states cannot travel abroad or to any major city at home without fear of a hostile
and we won't let the russians or the chinese push us around."
richard nixon's victory was wafer-thin- less than one percent of the vote.
or a massive coronary after the touchdown when the hawks win the super bowl.
anything so i don't ever have to face making this decision.
if you were diagnosed as terminal and in pain, would you have a doctor assist you?
you have to be there before you can answer that question, lara.
it's brewed, after the kneading of steamed rice called koji, with a cultivated mold and water.
it can be served hot or cold, but i like it hot.
although the cause of death was a coronary from potassium chloride, it was discovered that the victim had secondary diabetes.
cholelithiasis had caused the onset of gangrene in the gall bladder.
apparently he sought treatment, but lacking sufficient insurance he basically had to let it go untreated.
he was ashamed and hid the disease from his family and his friends.
"to my mom, my brother tim, and anyone else who needs to know 'why'."
"please don't be mad or sad, but why put off tomorrow what you can do today?"
this is where i brought catherine when she was in labor with my daughter.
they closed this wing six months before they closed the entire place two months ago.
there's a distinct possibility he was a doctor in this hospital.
he had theories and ideas about sustaining life that were considered unorthodox.
all that time your brain remained alert, lucid, trapped in a nightmare you couldn't wake up from.
you didn't have the publicity and press agents of a stephen hawking.
i could have relieved your unrelenting pain, and propelled your soul on to the other side.
if god in his infinite wisdom wouldn't come for you, you could have gone to god.
if you are here to arrest me, may i ask that you please do so?
i've diagnosed myself as having developed a hematopoietic malignancy from leukemia.
with a little education, we could all help each other out when the time comes.
then perhaps you'd be willing to explain how you assisted eleanor norris?
the tibetan book of the dead speaks of a calm preparation for death as a glorious part of life.
in west africa, several years are spent planning their own funerals.
i think it's polite and only fair to your family and friends, and fair to yourself, to leave a few last thoughts before you go.
anne sexton, pulitzer prizewinning author, did not leave a note, but in a poem she wrote:
the body has a reflex which can cause you to remove your finger from the switch.
now he's been diagnosed terminal, he doesn't even have control over his own body.
to relieve that anxiety, that helplessness, he'll have to help others his way.
if you think you'll have some difficulty pushing the switch, let me know beforehand.
we do a close-up inspection of the rooms, in case he slipped into one of them.
now, your emotions at this time are entirely your own, and no one else's.
when you flick the switch in your hand, pentothal will flow into your veins and send you into a deep, sweet, restful sleep.
soon after, potassium chloride will induce a painless, massive coronary, while you're dreaming of a better place.
we had joy, we had fun, we had seasons in the sun
but the hills that we climbed were just seasons out of time
if you were diagnosed as terminal and in pain, would you have a doctor assist you?
you have to be there before you can answer that question, lara.
it's brewed, after the kneading of steamed rice called koji, with a cultivated mould and water.
it can be served hot or cold, but i like it hot.
cholelithiasis had caused the onset of gangrene in the gall bladder.
apparently he sought treatment, but lacking sufficient insurance he basically had to let it go untreated.
the physicians attending eleanor norris in icu felt a tumour in her abdomen.
but they wouldn't run any tests unless she came out of her coma.
"please don't be mad or sad, but why put off tomorrow what you can do today?"
"i love you all and will see you again in heaven.
i have been all over the world and i have seen some ugly motel-room paintings of clowns, wheat fields, waterfalls, clowns in wheat fields.
but even in athens i never saw a painting of greeks eating walnuts.
is it murder if he is saving them from years... years of pain, indignity?
if they haven't had the choice for themselves, yes, it is murder.
this is where i brought catherine when she was in labour with my daughter.
they closed this wing six months before they closed the entire place two months ago.
my wife and i are separated, and my daughter's living with her.
i have these nightmarish visions that are the manifestation of pure evil.
from waking up one morning, muscles stiff and aching, to eventual paralysis to the point where you couldn't even swallow.
all that time your brain remained alert, lucid, trapped in a nightmare you couldn't wake up from.
you didn't have the publicity and press agents of a stephen hawking.
you didn't have his fancy-shmancy voice modulator and his pbs specials.
i've diagnosed myself as having developed a haematopoietic malignancy from leukaemia.
there is so much to do and i haven't much time.
the body has a reflex which can cause you to remove your finger from the switch.
now he's been diagnosed terminal, he doesn't even have control over his own body.
to relieve that anxiety, that helplessness, he'll have to help others his way.
if you think you'll have some difficulty pushing the switch, let me know beforehand.
we do a close-up inspection of the rooms, in case he slipped into one of them.
now, your emotions at this time are entirely your own, and no one else's.
why is it so hard to believe that i am dating a nice, caring, well-adjusted man?
oh, nikki, the ventriloquist, the guy who stole your stereo, the guy who wanted his mom to move in with you?
you give me some lame excuse, and then i kick your butt.
seeing as it's late and i would like to get back to the party, why don't we just get straight to the butt-kicking part?
actually, does anybody know a good place to get a cat killed?
upper east side, corner of 76th and what is wrong with you?
my therapist says that if you get really close to each other
and you don't feel chemistry, then you don't have enough to build a relationship on.
"my love is like a hidden flower, whose perfume draws you near."
"i will wear her like an amulet, she is like a miracle."
"but even so, the leaves take root, and their buds bloom"
"the characters in the story meet, and their bonds are of the heart,"
"it cannot be started on a whim, and cannot be extinguished if you try"
"no one has control over love it is a triumphant fire"
"you touched me like a whisper, yor eyes softened by silence."
"on the floor i make my prayers, some conscious, some unconscious."
"it cannot be started on a whim, and cannot be extinguished if you try"
"no one has control over love it is a triumphant fire"
"each cell of my body is aflame with sparks of pain"
"the fragrance of crushed flowers is like a garden patch of butterflies"
you feel the revolution has grown but you're not to be blamed!
lives are being taken and you have no hand in it?
if you have any letter or newspaper or anything at all...
or any phone call that they made or received over here.
call me up on the wireless as soon as you get an answer.
- 2 men in the corridor and 2 men in the room.
"i will wear her like an amulet, she is like a miracle."
"my love is like a hidden flower, whose perfume draws you near."
a flat nose as if somebody had pasted it on in a rush.
one look and he decided to save her from the villains and carry her away.
do you know the number the girl would dial from here?
i have a record of all the numbers dialled from here.
"no one has control over love it is a triumphant fire"
"it cannot be started on a whim, and cannot be extinguished if you try"
"no one has control over love it is a triumphant fire"
"her eyes touched me like so lightly, lightly, and i was infatuated..."
"you touched me like a whisper, your eyes softened by silence."
"on the floor i make my prayers, some conscious, some unconscious."
"it cannot be started on a whim, and cannot be extinguished if you try"
"no one has control over love it is a triumphant fire"
"the fragrance of crushed flowers is like a garden patch of butterflies"
"all night the poor henna is getting mashed under my feet"
we have found the chassis and engine number of the trucks.
to remove suspicion from that spot they used 555 timer along with rdx.
if you have any letter or newspaper or anything at all...
or any phone call that they made or received over here.
call me up on the wireless as soon as you get an answer.
- 2 men in the corridor and 2 men in the room.
"my love is like a hidden flower, whose perfume draws you near."
"my love is like a hidden flower, whose perfume draws you near."
"i will wear her like an amulet, she is like a miracle."
"i will wear her like an amulet, she is like a miracle."
"but even so, the leaves take root, and their buds bloom"
"the characters in the story meet, and their bonds are of the heart,"
"it cannot be started on a whim, and cannot be extinguished if you try"
"no one has control over love it is a triumphant fire"
"you touched me like a whisper, your eyes softened by silence."
"on the floor i make my prayers, some conscious, some unconscious."
"it cannot be started on a whim, and cannot be extinguished if you try"
"no one has control over love it is a triumphant fire"
kodum orike kootu vilikunne | he is calling for you after making his nest
maran nine kooki kuruki kotu vilikunne | he is calling for you again and again
kodum orike kootu vilikunne | he is calling for you after making his nest
maran nine kooki kuruki kotu vilikunne | he is calling for you again and again
each cell of my body is aflame with sparks of pain
the fragrance of crushed flowers is like a garden patch of butterflies
you feel the revolution has grown but you're not to be blamed!
lives are being taken and you have no hand in it?
if you have any letter or newspaper or anything at all...
or any phone call that they made or received over here.
call me up on the wireless as soon as you get an answer.
- 2 men in the corridor and 2 men in the room.
it's my job to find out after 50 years of independence what is the average indian's mindset?
for that you need to get into the jungles and meet with them?
a flat nose as if somebody had pasted it on in a rush.
one look and he decided to save her from the villains and carry her away.
do you know the number the girl would dial from here?
i have a record of all the numbers dialled from here.
we have found the chassis and engine number of the trucks.
to remove suspicion from that spot they used 555 timer along with rdx.
keep shaking him awake and ask questions every half an hour.
call me up on the wireless as soon as you get an answer.
"my love is like a hidden flower, whose perfume draws you near."
"my love is like a hidden flower, whose perfume draws you near."
"i will wear her like an amulet, she is like a miracle."
"i will wear her like an amulet, she is like a miracle."
it's my job to find out after 50 years of independence what is the average indian's mindset?
for that you need to get into the jungles and meet with them?
a flat nose as if somebody had pasted it on in a rush.
one look he decided to save her from the villains and carry her away.
do you know the number the girl would dial from here?
i have a record of all the numbers dialled from here.
if you have any letter or newspaper or anything at all...
or any phone call that they made or received over here.
call me up on the wireless as soon as you get an answer.
- 2 men in the corridor and 2 men in the room.
"o brave new world, ... that has such people in't! "
i just wanted .... to see what would happen if i stopped.
i'm very pleased to meet you, mr. cooper, you've come a long way.
i'm sure your visit here will be very interesting for you.
in five minutes we'll have a complete genetic portrait of you.
i can hardly wait for you to tell me all about myself.
i asked bernard marx to be here today since he's doing a study of the savage.
bernard, do you think he poses a threat to the society?
for the moment i don't see any harm in allowing the savage to remain here at his liberty time will tell whether his presence here will pose a serious problem.
we'll give people the chance to know, to touch the real john cooper...
how would it be if you could do something very important for society...
something that would stop a very bad person from doing all us terrible harm?
but with your help, i can design programs and that'll give people happier lives.
so you want me to help you figure out how to make people happier?
from ancient grudge, break to new mutiny where civil war makes civil hands unclean...
from forth two fatal loines of these two foes, a pair of star-crossed lovers, take their life...
for never was a story of more woe than this of juliet and her romeo.
so that's romeo and juliet by william shakespeare, the greatest writer who ever lived.
once i really wanted this cute green polyester jacket with a fake fur collar...
i had to wait for two whole weeks before i could get one.
you take anything that means anything, and you tell them that it's nothing.
what would you want me to tell them that people are better off living in fear and violence?
"the seeming truth which cunning times put on to entrap the wisest..."
do you think that people are better off living like you do in a reservation?
you'll make children think that death is something sad we're trying to teach them.
her life is over but it's ok because everyone else is allive and happy.
yes, buckwheat, the man who sold more re cords than elvis or the beatles... in kenya.
and if you order now, you'll get buckwheat's tribute to alfalfa.
at first i wasn't going to do it 'caus e i read the s cript and felt like i was an actor.
but the mone y the y gav e me, y'all would hav e did "best defens e" too.
so i said, "bet." i signed the contracts to host the show.
while i was waiting for christmas to come, sitting in my hous e by mys elf, somebody brought a s cript for a movie called "be v erly h ills cop."
but i'm back, and oddly enough, i'v e been having a good time.
the new people are fun, and it's bizarre to stand here but it's good to be back this week.
are you tired of doors being slammed in your face when you apply for a job?
are you tired of lying around in bed all day with nothing to do?
it's a known fact that a good ho can make up to $ 1,500 a week.
just think, $ 1,500 a week without e v en leaving the comforts of your own bedroom.
and when i think of "ivory," i think of a soap that floats.
ebony and ivory are the black and white ke ys on the piano, frank.
meanwhile, one night, he's having a few friends ov er to his hous e for dinner.
and one of them leans ov er and says to dr. carv er,
no, i'm working on a method to compress peanuts into phonograph needles."
so, dr. carv er's two dinner guests, edward "skippy" williamson and frederick "jif" armstrong...
two white men, stole george washington carv er's re cipe for peanut butter, copyrighted it, and reaped untold fortunes from it.
while dr. carv er died penniless and insane, still trying to play a phonograph re cord with a peanut.
she says, "if you paid your bill, you'd hav e no problem."
so i say, " h e y, yo, bitch, i paid my bill and the lights is out.
she said, "look, i understand." i said, "i'll come back tomorrow,
if my lights ain't on, i'm gonna kick some butt down at con edison.
i was thinking, what happens when you run out of air, right?
you're inside this place for fiv e days, you run out of air... don't you feel real stupid sitting in that bubble dead, huh?
this is buzzy free, welcome to "rock and roll and then some."
our guest today is here be caus e this is the 20th anniv ersary of the beatles' inv asion in america.
that's john, that's ringo, that's me in the middle, that's me, clarence, that's george and that's paul.
i ne v er heard any saxophone, i s ee you're holding a saxophone.
let me tell you something, when i s ee them boys, i'm gonna put my foot so deep in them, their breath gonna smell like shoe polish.
can you giv e us an example of what you'v e wrote and what the y changed?
"she's got a ticket to ride and the bitch don't care, man."
what about their clothing and the way the y wore their hair?
in the beginning the y us ed to do e v erything that i did.
in fact, here's a picture of us back in '61, when the y was called "the clarences." can you get that?
see, that's me right there, and that's george, that's john, that's ringo and that's paul.
i taught them how to pick their afros and e v erything out, man.
- i want a chunk out of each... (rock music drowns dialogue)
you're all s et to go on the air, you two miniature thespians.
and now i'm gonna do his hair on national tele vision.
oh sweet jesus, i walked into the v alle y of the lord, and i'll walk out with butch cassidy.
dion, you ignoramus, don't you e v er watch the news?
i don't watch the news, blair, i read it e v ery week in "the national enquirer."
the y also said that i called n ew york, "h ymietown."
i realize that kind of talk isn't kosher, but let me s ee if i can explain it to you all in song.
tonight we hav e two guests who hav e achie v ed greatness in their respe ctiv e fields.
to my left is a man who's been des cribed as the unifying leader in the fight against south african apartheid, and a champion of basic human rights throughout the world.
i wanted to say how shocked and distress ed i was that e v en as you were being pres ented this v enerable s ymbol of peace, a bomb threat was taking place.
in my estimation, the bomb threat repres ents the sheer desperation of thos e oppos ed to basic human principles of freedom and justice.
can't you s ee how one play has ruined my entire life?
well... one play, that's guaranteed this, the h eis h eisman trophy.
and i s ee this greas eball ov er here holding up a book that says it's gonna change my life.
do you hav e a copy of the book in question?
we hav e just re ceiv ed word that buckwheat has been shot.
apparently, it happened moments ago as the legendary performer was leaving 30 rockefeller plaza in n ew york.
h e had finished an appearance on "saturday n ight liv e,"
and as he was leaving the building, he was shot by an unknown assailant, or assailants... details are sketchy at this point.
we intend to be here tomorrow night, and e v ery night, until thos e questions are answered.
u ntil then, we pay a final tribute to a great performer.
once he was a small-town wimp who got beaten up for his lunch mone y.
but then he left home and grew up fast in vietnam, teaching the viet cong a lesson in small-town american v alues with a flame thrower.
no, i spent three y ears in a rat cage in quang tri.
three y ears, dreaming of orange pop, fishing and apple pie.
your damned father didn't leav e much for me to liv e on, so i'v e rounded up thelma lou and a couple of the girls, and i started a local business.
turns out people were tired of having to driv e up to mount pilot e v ery time the y wanted to get some "tail."
for 10 y ears, your pa us ed to know about it.
h e us ed to make me walk around mayberry wearing whiteface.
i am gumby, and i want to say before i get started, it's about time the swines at the network gav e me my own spe cial.
i'v e been sitting in my living room watching spe cials with nobodies like frosty the snowman and rudolph the red-nos ed reindeer for y ears.
then i got to take the tooth up to god, and he giv e me 12 ¢.
now when you sub tract the dime i put out of my pocket already, that leav es me clearing 2 ¢.
i got bit by 37 doberman pins chers and i had my behind kicked so many times,
i don't e v en want to talk about it no more.
e v erybody can wrap their teeth up in little cellophane paper, and put it under a tree, right?
i could come down the chimne y and the y leav e me milk and cookies and e v erything...
surely e v eryone knows by now that buckwheat is dead.
but for thos e of you who hav e not s een the videotape of buckwheat being shot, let's take a look.
last e v ening i had a dream about lime jello.
i didn't know what flavor it was be caus e it was gray.
in the deranged mind of the killer, he truly belie v es that if he kills someone famous, he'll be come famous hims elf.
and, unfortunately, certain irresponsible members of the media are only too eager to turn thes e assassins into instant celebrities.
john david stutts spent his childhood here, in this modest home in lima, ohio.
e v eryone who knew him called him a "loner, a quiet young man."
i remember one day, i says, "stutts, why are you working so hard?"
h e says, "i'm saving up to buy a gun so i can kill buckwheat."
yes, buckwheat, the man who sold more re cords than elvis or the beatles... in kenya.
and if you order now, you'll get buckwheat's tribute to alfalfa.
at first i wasn't going to do it 'caus e i read the s cript and felt like i was an actor.
but the mone y the y gav e me, y'all would hav e did "best defens e" too.
so i said, "bet." i signed the contracts to host the show.
while i was waiting for christmas to come, sitting in my hous e by mys elf, somebody brought a s cript for a movie called "be v erly h ills cop."
but i'm back, and oddly enough, i'v e been having a good time.
the new people are fun, and it's bizarre to stand here but it's good to be back this week.
are you tired of doors being slammed in your face when you apply for a job?
are you tired of lying around in bed all day with nothing to do?
it's a known fact that a good ho can make up to $ 1,500 a week.
just think, $ 1,500 a week without e v en leaving the comforts of your own bedroom.
and when i think of "ivory," i think of a soap that floats.
ebony and ivory are the black and white ke ys on the piano, frank.
meanwhile, one night, he's having a few friends ov er to his hous e for dinner.
and one of them leans ov er and says to dr. carv er,
no, i'm working on a method to compress peanuts into phonograph needles."
so, dr. carv er's two dinner guests, edward "skippy" williamson and frederick "jif" armstrong...
two white men, stole george washington carv er's re cipe for peanut butter, copyrighted it, and reaped untold fortunes from it.
while dr. carv er died penniless and insane, still trying to play a phonograph re cord with a peanut.
she says, "if you paid your bill, you'd hav e no problem."
so i say, " h e y, yo, bitch, i paid my bill and the lights is out.
she said, "look, i understand." i said, "i'll come back tomorrow,
if my lights ain't on, i'm gonna kick some butt down at con edison.
i was thinking, what happens when you run out of air, right?
you're inside this place for fiv e days, you run out of air... don't you feel real stupid sitting in that bubble dead, huh?
this is buzzy free, welcome to "rock and roll and then some."
our guest today is here be caus e this is the 20th anniv ersary of the beatles' inv asion in america.
that's john, that's ringo, that's me in the middle, that's me, clarence, that's george and that's paul.
i ne v er heard any saxophone, i s ee you're holding a saxophone.
let me tell you something, when i s ee them boys, i'm gonna put my foot so deep in them, their breath gonna smell like shoe polish.
can you giv e us an example of what you'v e wrote and what the y changed?
"she's got a ticket to ride and the bitch don't care, man."
what about their clothing and the way the y wore their hair?
in the beginning the y us ed to do e v erything that i did.
in fact, here's a picture of us back in '61, when the y was called "the clarences." can you get that?
see, that's me right there, and that's george, that's john, that's ringo and that's paul.
i taught them how to pick their afros and e v erything out, man.
- i want a chunk out of each... (rock music drowns dialogue)
you're all s et to go on the air, you two miniature thespians.
and now i'm gonna do his hair on national tele vision.
oh sweet jesus, i walked into the v alle y of the lord, and i'll walk out with butch cassidy.
dion, you ignoramus, don't you e v er watch the news?
i don't watch the news, blair, i read it e v ery week in "the national enquirer."
the y also said that i called n ew york, "h ymietown."
i realize that kind of talk isn't kosher, but let me s ee if i can explain it to you all in song.
tonight we hav e two guests who hav e achie v ed greatness in their respe ctiv e fields.
to my left is a man who's been des cribed as the unifying leader in the fight against south african apartheid, and a champion of basic human rights throughout the world.
i wanted to say how shocked and distress ed i was that e v en as you were being pres ented this v enerable s ymbol of peace, a bomb threat was taking place.
in my estimation, the bomb threat repres ents the sheer desperation of thos e oppos ed to basic human principles of freedom and justice.
can't you s ee how one play has ruined my entire life?
well... one play, that's guaranteed this, the h eis h eisman trophy.
and i s ee this greas eball ov er here holding up a book that says it's gonna change my life.
do you hav e a copy of the book in question?
we hav e just re ceiv ed word that buckwheat has been shot.
apparently, it happened moments ago as the legendary performer was leaving 30 rockefeller plaza in n ew york.
h e had finished an appearance on "saturday n ight liv e,"
and as he was leaving the building, he was shot by an unknown assailant, or assailants... details are sketchy at this point.
we intend to be here tomorrow night, and e v ery night, until thos e questions are answered.
u ntil then, we pay a final tribute to a great performer.
once he was a small-town wimp who got beaten up for his lunch mone y.
but then he left home and grew up fast in vietnam, teaching the viet cong a lesson in small-town american v alues with a flame thrower.
no, i spent three y ears in a rat cage in quang tri.
three y ears, dreaming of orange pop, fishing and apple pie.
your damned father didn't leav e much for me to liv e on, so i'v e rounded up thelma lou and a couple of the girls, and i started a local business.
turns out people were tired of having to driv e up to mount pilot e v ery time the y wanted to get some "tail."
for 10 y ears, your pa us ed to know about it.
h e us ed to make me walk around mayberry wearing whiteface.
i am gumby, and i want to say before i get started, it's about time the swines at the network gav e me my own spe cial.
i'v e been sitting in my living room watching spe cials with nobodies like frosty the snowman and rudolph the red-nos ed reindeer for y ears.
then i got to take the tooth up to god, and he giv e me 12 ¢.
now when you sub tract the dime i put out of my pocket already, that leav es me clearing 2 ¢.
i got bit by 37 doberman pins chers and i had my behind kicked so many times,
i don't e v en want to talk about it no more.
e v erybody can wrap their teeth up in little cellophane paper, and put it under a tree, right?
i could come down the chimne y and the y leav e me milk and cookies and e v erything...
surely e v eryone knows by now that buckwheat is dead.
but for thos e of you who hav e not s een the videotape of buckwheat being shot, let's take a look.
last e v ening i had a dream about lime jello.
i didn't know what flavor it was be caus e it was gray.
in the deranged mind of the killer, he truly belie v es that if he kills someone famous, he'll be come famous hims elf.
and, unfortunately, certain irresponsible members of the media are only too eager to turn thes e assassins into instant celebrities.
john david stutts spent his childhood here, in this modest home in lima, ohio.
e v eryone who knew him called him a "loner, a quiet young man."
i remember one day, i says, "stutts, why are you working so hard?"
h e says, "i'm saving up to buy a gun so i can kill buckwheat."
now the disk that we're making is aproximately 5000 times bigger than the average snake.
we'll have to fly it in with 3 comanchi helecopters, and lower it on to the ground at the lake.
well 4th of july is finally here, and with the state wide ban on fireworks, people from all over colorado are flocking to south park.
here with a special report is a normal looking guy with a funny name.
thanks tom, looks like the firework bad won't be putting a damper on one town's festivities tonight.
i'm here at stark's pond in south park where the crowd of residents and scores of tourists anctiously await the lighting of the largest snake, in human history.
now as most of you will probably remember, snakes are these little round disks that you light and they spew out a little snake of black ash.
well the south park snake, is over half a mile in diameter, and 20 stories high.
and it appears as if thought the mayor is going to explain matters now.
ladies and gentlemen, the mayor of south park regrets that she can not be here herself.
it's about that one week in the year when summer comes to south park and the snow melts.
this episode has special guest jonathan katz of dr. katz, professional therapist.
here with a report is a guy with a funny name.
the firework ban won't be putting a damper on one town's festivities.
i'm at stark's pond, where residents and tourists await the lighting of the largest snake in history.
as most of you probably remember, snakes are little disks that spew out a little snake of black ash.
the south park snake is half a mile in diameter and 20 stories high.
i'm told this event won't begin until the sun goes down.
all over america, the effects of the giant ash snake can be seen.
yea, let the spirit of heavenly father be blessed upon you.
i think that mr. hat was actually your gay side trying to come out.
see, it's you that's gay, but you're in denial so you act out your gay persona with a homosexual puppet.
as more cities are affected by the ash and the death toll rises to 3000 people are looking to the mayor of south park for answers.
it appears as if the mayor is going to explain matters.
children, i want mr. hat back right now, the prank is over!
you think i can't get along without mr. hat don't you?
now the disk that we're making is aproximately 5000 times bigger than the average snake.
we'll have to fly it in with 3 comanchi helecopters, and lower it on to the ground at the lake.
here with a special report is a normal looking guy with a funny name.
thanks tom, looks like the firework bad won't be putting a damper on one town's festivities tonight.
i'm here at stark's pond in south park where the crowd of residents and scores of tourists anctiously await the lighting of the largest snake, in human history.
now as most of you will probably remember, snakes are these little round disks that you light and they spew out a little snake of black ash.
well the south park snake, is over half a mile in diameter, and 20 stories high.
i'm told that this even won't begin until the sun goes down and night is upon us.
ladies and gentlemen, good citizens of colorado, it's my pleasure to be the first person to wish you all a happy 4th of july!
let's start with our school band playing the stars and stripes.
coming up for 9 hours, and the giant snake shows no signs of stopping.
residents have tried everything, from firehoses, to yelling at it to make the snake stop.
all over america, the effects of the giant ash snake can be seen.
yay, let the spirit of heavenly father be blessed upon you.
mr. garrison, i think that mr. hat was actually your gay side trying to come out.
you see it's you that's gay, but you're in denial, so you act out your gay persona with a homosexual puppet.
as more and more cities are effected by the growing ash and the death toll rises to 3000, people from all over the country are looking to the mayor of south park for answers.
and it appears as if thought the mayor is going to explain matters now.
it's about that one week in the year when summer comes to south park and the snow melts.
this episode has special guest jonathan katz of dr. katz, professional therapist.
here with a report is a guy with a funny name.
the firework ban won't be putting a damper on one town's festivities.
i'm at stark's pond, where residents and tourists await the lighting of the largest snake in history.
as most of you probably remember, snakes are little disks that spew out a little snake of black ash.
the south park snake is half a mile in diameter and 20 stories high.
i'm told this event won't begin until the sun goes down.
all over america, the effects of the giant ash snake can be seen.
yea, let the spirit of heavenly father be blessed upon you.
i think that mr. hat was actually your gay side trying to come out.
see, it's you that's gay, but you're in denial so you act out your gay persona with a homosexual puppet.
as more cities are affected by the ash and the death toll rises to 3000 people are looking to the mayor of south park for answers.
it appears as if the mayor is going to explain matters.
so do not under any circumstances let any children off the bus.
the best way to achive this is to tell them something like
so uh, what's a fragile dove like yourself, doing out on a a night like this?
look mister, i gotta bus load of kids trapped on that pass, and i need a crane, helicopters and all that crap!
you heard what ms.crabtree said, there's a big black scary monster out there.
well i'm not gonna sit here and wait to die with the rest of you.
sure remember that time that that kid in the red shirt decided to go off on his own?
well i'm not gonna sit here and wait to die with the rest of you.
and i hope that wherever you may be, you'll hear this message.
little lamb, lost in the great big world, runaway, finding streets, so cold....
the captain of the guard reports that no one was seen setting the fires.
some people can only be seen when they wanna be seen, you know what i mean?
jason, you know that towel that iolaus used to wipe off that goop that ruff spit on him?
that was in the laundry that caught on fire, wasn't it?
yeah, and there was a fire near the well that ruff fell into.
listen, when i was a kid, my mom used to tell me this story about a monster called a "basilisk."
that venom only hit that cloak, like a couple minutes ago.
looks like it gets stronger as he gets bigger or something.
as the crown prince, i'm gonna have to make sure this doesn't happen again.
uh, oh, we could train ruff to just spit goo at strife.
it belongs as all to the women, and they show the substance deles/delas of ninth - foundry.
different dependent variants are obviously of topography, but he/she walks approximately the same in all places.
he/she simply has care, that owes himself maintaining modesty of very old a little.
he/she occupied woman that only 20 years would alter for prayer.
there now for he/she doesn't make to look... this car wife washing to everything in me doesn't make this action.
there now like this the wife of mast truck and snake that is exciting.
we walked occupations in that since year and we didn't make this is still if familiarized.
this, however to himself this, we didn't make this gets to know.
you represent me that you get to know somebody and does anybody force him/it suddenly of him for copulation?
i don't go cans this quite good pressure, me like this.
she is such... different, you know what i want to say...
i don't make this knows to explain this but she is amazing absolutely.
i don't make this knows now or i should sit down.
only then, that it seems him, what do you have how a property?
i was in neighborhood and thought, that i will fall to see like you sits down.
i threw up whole day, and now any longer one so even.
sir, we will, of course, advise and consult to the extent allowed.
the question, admiral, is whether political pressure helps or hinders our ability to do so.
i am no obligated to prove the legitimacy of the indictment.
my jurisdiction is authorised by article 17, paragraph 5c of the 1960 status of forces agreement.
- the court wants to be fair-minded, so they would be more willing to do this.
jun higashimori's father, ichiro, has been unemployed most of his life.
no, your honour, i would like to point out, sir, that the prosecution has not provided a link between the hat and the suspect.
that ball cap could have belonged to any of over 2000 servicemen assigned to the reprisal.
well, that's what will happen, now that they know they cannot trust your word.
i had nothing but respect for americans, until i found out they were fools, liars and potheads.
the point is you're a good attorney, jiro, and we need you.
you need me because i am the only attorney you have.
admiral crowe, former chairman of the joint chiefs, once introduced us.
i asked him when was the best time to give it up.
"don't drink, don't swear and try to keep your mouth shut."
the problem is, without her in my life, i have no will to control myself.
you know, i've been thinking about your assault and the thing that bothers me is that you don't remember any of it.
now i don't profess to know what it's like to be a woman in a situation like that or what kind of trauma can happen as a result.
i guess i thought if i was doing it for the right reasons, that it would somehow work out.
and what would you have done if the girl had not come forward?
sir, we will, of course, advise and consult to the extent allowed.
the question, admiral, is whether political pressure helps or hinders our ability to do so.
i am no obligated to prove the legitimacy of the indictment.
my jurisdiction is authorised by article 17, paragraph 5c of the 1960 status of forces agreement.
- the court wants to be fair-minded, so they would be more willing to do this.
jun higashimori's father, ichiro, has been unemployed most of his life.
i just found out i won't be allowed to question the girl.
the panel agrees with the prosecution's claim that it will only add to her trauma.
and we will prove that on the night in question, ensign terry guitry, a surface warfare officer aboard the carrier uss reprisal, followed the victim, 17-year-old jun higashimori to the pavilion in sagami bay, pulled her into the bushes and raped her.
ensign guitry has never met jun higashimori and was nowhere near her the night of her assault.
one of her teacher call to say her school work bad.
so i go to shop to take her home, so she can do her lessons.
that ball cap could have belonged to any of over 2000 servicemen assigned to the reprisal.
then you are supporting our contention that a united states sailor was responsible for the rape of jun higashimori?
i thought if it came out, it would seal my fate.
well, that's what will happen, now that they know they cannot trust your word.
we said goodbye on the streets and we went in opposite directions.
the prosecution will counter that you doubled back and followed her.
admiral, how responsible is it to let the perpetrator slide, sir?
your job is to defend this man, not solve the crime.
i'd like to take another look at that security video, see if there's anyone else in that noodle house wearing a ball cap.
seaman lafferty, this is a still photo taken from the security camera at the omamori noodle house on the night jun higashimori was raped.
now i don't profess to know what it's like to be a woman in a situation like that or what kind of trauma can happen as a result.
but i would think that rather than repress the memory, the victim would be haunted by it.
my father is crippled and my mother is raising my three sisters.
i was the only child old enough to work, but my part-time job at the dress shop didn't pay enough.
he's been making excuses not to go to bed when i go.
he has to stay up late or do some work, you know how it goes.
your stomach's a washboard and your hair flows like a river.
you are more than just a pretty neck and you need to know it.
if two people prioritize space and fun and freedom, it's fine.
but when they fall in love and still do it, it's pathetic.
he's been making excuses not to go to bed when i go.
he has to stay up late or do some work, you know how it goes.
your stomach's a washboard and your hair flows like a river.
you are more than just a pretty neck and you need to know it.
if two people prioritize space and fun and freedom, it's fine.
but when they fall in love and still do it, it's pathetic.
well, there was a lot of energy, there was a lot of anger.
it wasn't like it is today where you could go out
usually, you know, they're so proud to see the blood and...
when they bleed, they don't want to even clean them up.
i've been to a kkk rally in austin, texas and got
arrested for, for our trying to fight this klansman that was
don't they got some kind of rapist to bust or something?
we're just trying to get out there and trying to get them
yeah, once i didn't feel my thumb for about a week.
they put a phone book over my face and hit me with a club.
you're in a bind though, because a lot of your fans
are not gonna dig you if you signed to a major label.
in fact, we just made two bucks on the way here.
today, i made like three bucks the whole day and that was...
i can't even eat unless i've at least had a few sips.
i mean, give me a 12 ounce can of beer in the morning
yeah, if you think i'm a racist, then you think i'm a racist.
if you think i'm a faggot, then you think i'm a faggot.
got an abortion in a back alley got an abortion in a back alley
got an abortion in a back alley got an abortion in a back alley
i sleep with one eye open and a friend of mine was...
he was talking to me while i was asleep, he thought i was awake.
if i had a daughter, i would love it if she's a lesbian,
because i don't trust guys and i trust women a little bit more.
hit me, pierce me, shave me shame me, slap my sweaty balls
there's a whole world of pain and i wanna feel it all
i was up there and i was coming down to check on him.
he decided to come down and see if they were fuckin' or not,
there was a squat candle which is a lot of wax
that's put in to a can, or a glass or an ashtray
make a list of former sex offenders in the area and be on a stakeout!
it's clear two big fish and a loach made fun of us.
do you know what i had to go through since that day?
did you know i had to give up everything because of you?
he said the suspect ran away after trying to kill him too.
and the victim's vehicle was found about 10km away from here.
oh, hercules, i wish you weren't so obsessed with your father.
since you were little, you've taken every dare no matter how dangerous or how foolish always trying
if cheiron catches you sneaking out after curfew, he'll kick your rear and he can really kick.
i bet he's sneaking off to see that girl at the inn.
i'm not taking it from zeus i'm taking it back to him.
we're gonna spend all night, climbing a mountain, so you can get a pat on the back from your dad?
you telling me i came all this way for a drink of water?
hey, i think, uh, i think we should get out of here.
then there's a building, and before that there's a party and entertainments.
then he gets on a scooter and drives off, and then there's the next fight.
he hits out and punches and punches, then he takes the heroine on an aeroplane... and flies far away.
the chicken-seller, the barber... and the tailor josely have shops next door to one another.
the barber dreams of having a shop in the city centre, while the chicken-seller wants a wife.
josely has no dreams for now, he is mourning for his father.
my biggest dream is not to live here anymore... to live in the country, to live in my own house.
a lot of people will ask for coriander or for onion.
the beauty walked up to him... hot from a day of pleasure but she would not surrender.
she played with him as if she were the lady of the night.
of the demons... and charlatans... and of all the street vendors... in the city of disguises and masks.
this city expands and collapses... it fights to live and survive day by day.
what's the good in knowing that we live in the world's biggest city?
what's the good in starting each day at 5 a. m.?
i have read and heard much that is improbable about those times when men still lived free, unbound by any order, like wild things.
in skyscraper chasms there burned the ore, steel surging from the hatches of the trains an aeroplane screeching fell as if weighted to where the eye took leave by the wounded sun.
he subjugated himself to it almost slavishly, frigid towards everything in which he perceived no beauty.
he demanded not only of the external world to be beautiful, he also did not see the spiritual and moral world as it is.
"when one doesn't know why one lives, one just lives, day after day.
one is glad when the day passed, that it is night, and one submerges the tedious question... of why one has lived this day, why one will live tomorrow?"
you're maligning yourself, or you wouldn't be worthy of life. "
"i've already passed the point where life is supposed to be;
"why and for whom will i live?" he said, following her.
"what should i seek, at what should i direct my thoughts and plans?
they love each other, and then there's a fight in a forest.
then there's a building, and before that there's a party and entertainments.
then he gets on a scooter and drives off, and then there's the next fight.
he hits out and punches and punches, then he takes the heroine on an aeroplane... and flies far away.
he's the last to leave at night and the first to arrive in the morning.
then the barber raises the shutters... and then all the doors open.
we remove the claws like this, they must be clean and without claws.
then we skin them like this... and this is the result:
i go from the pantitlan bus-station to chimalhuacan and the outskirts.
one day i want to be boss of the whole unit.
i've been making a living like this for more than ten years.
but i stick to my method of grabbing people by the neck... and asking them for their money.
and everyday hero by profession... have a message for the world... from the city... of wounds and scars, the city of the dead and the conquerors,
of the demons... and charlatans... and of all the street vendors... in the city of disguises and masks.
this city expands and collapses... it fights to live and survive day by day.
what's the good in knowing that we live in the world's biggest city?
what's the good in starting each day at 5 a. m.?
with tamales and atol... and then start a ten-hour working day... when life is so short?
...we begged half a bag of bread... from vassilich bag of bread.
pasha, last week a german tv crew came here, from germany... they didn't give us crap.
she knew that he could feel the slight vibration in her body.
i have read and heard much that is improbable about those times when men still lived free, unbound by any order, like wild things.
in skyscraper chasms there burned the ore, steel surging from the hatches of the trains an aeroplane screeching fell as if weighted to where the eye took leave by the wounded sun.
- rumpling the streetlamp bedlinen - the night loved itself void, swinish and taut.
he demanded not only of the external world to be beautiful, he also did not see the spiritual and moral world as it is.
in its apparent crude and wild contradictions, not as a process that started with the beginning of the world and is not yet completed, but as a harmonious whole, as a splendid, perfectly finished edifice of deals created by himself.
one of my daughters is called angélica mabes... and my baby is called claudia esmeralda.
my biggest dream is... to buy a piece of land... so i don't have to pay rent and will be able to offer my children a future.
then there's a building, and before that there's a party and entertainments.
then he gets on a scooter and drives off, and then there's the next fight.
he hits out and punches and punches, then he takes the heroine on an aeroplane... and flies far away.
the chicken-seller, the barber... and the tailor josely have shops next door to one another.
the barber dreams of having a shop in the city centre, while the chicken-seller wants a wife.
josely has no dreams for now, he is mourning for his father.
i have read and heard much that is improbable about those times when men still lived free, unbound by any order, like wild things.
in skyscraper chasms there burned the ore, steel surging from the hatches of the trains an aeroplane screeching fell as if weighted to where the eye took leave by the wounded sun.
he subjugated himself to it almost slavishly, frigid towards everything in which he perceived no beauty.
he demanded not only of the external world to be beautiful, he also did not see the spiritual and moral world as it is.
"when one doesn't know why one lives, one just lives, day after day.
one is glad when the day passed, that it is night, and one submerges the tedious question... of why one has lived this day, why one will live tomorrow?"
you're maligning yourself, or you wouldn't be worthy of life. "
"i've already passed the point where life is supposed to be;
"why and for whom will i live?" he said, following her.
"what should i seek, at what should i direct my thoughts and plans?
it would be cheaper to pay for the train all at once.
to buy one coach at a time is more expensive, but it is safer!
he's called the messiah, but no one knows who he is.
it is a code name, so that he wont be recognized and arrested.
it would be more fair, if poor would be born rich into this world.
i'd gladly be a communist, if i could keep peyots, tallit and kaftan.
- we must tell the others that there are no germans here.
they are probably already half-dead and sticked to the walls like flies!
the nazis, the bourgeois, and the imperialists should sleep in the straw!
we also want the privileges and the comfort that comes with being german.
as a result of the public elections, that were kept secret, we have appointed a soviet secretary for each coach.
sami schwartz, the party appoints you soviet secretary of the first coach!
i even suspect that it is your intention to release him, or even worse, to protect him.
- maybe you fancy him and want to start a relation with him..?
the supreme soviet of coach number two will decide your new place of residence.
you must stay inside your coach for the rest of the trip.
the mission is to bring the community safely to the destination.
to the holy land, to palestine, to erez israel, like moses, who led us out of egypt.
he lives in switzerland, after fleeing from his homeland austria, which was attacked by hitler, the barbarian.
he will give us some important help, teach us to speak fluent german, without any trace of yiddish accent, as well as the culture, civilization and psychology of the people of goethe, both bourgeoisie and simple soldiers.
think about it. "unite!" he has only got one thing on his mind.
you'll give him the money, and he makes the id documents and passes.
- they were afraid a jew like him would steal a locomotive.
so he is an honest man and a talented train driver.
check if the steam pressure stands on 11, and that the lever is pushed forward...
the wheels should then move forward, that is, in clockwise direction.
with such an accent he would soon have a bullet in his head, and everybody would be in danger.
to be german is for those who have earned it, who worked for it!
we don't have to use one train for the jews and another train for the communists.
we can't separate them, because they are both jews and communists.
the party has decided to turn every coach into a soviet.
as a result of the public elections, that were kept secret, we have appointed a soviet secretary for each coach.
i wanted to be a rabbi, but the position was occupied.
when they looked for a fool, i thought that i could be crazy on their behalf.
you must stay inside your coach for the rest of the trip.
you are neither allowed to step out, nor to talk with the others.
it would be cheaper to pay for the train all at once.
to buy one coach at a time is more expensive, but it is safer!
he's called the messiah, but no one knows who he is.
it is a code name, so that he wont be recognized and arrested.
it would be more fair, if poor would be born rich into this world.
i'd gladly be a communist, if i could keep peyots, tallit and kaftan.
- we must tell the others that there are no germans here.
they are probably already half-dead and sticked to the walls like flies!
the nazis, the bourgeois, and the imperialists should sleep in the straw!
we also want the privileges and the comfort that comes with being german.
as a result of the public elections, that were kept secret, we have appointed a soviet secretary for each coach.
sami schwartz, the party appoints you soviet secretary of the first coach!
i even suspect that it is your intention to release him, or even worse, to protect him.
- maybe you fancy him and want to start a relation with him..?
the supreme soviet of coach number two will decide your new place of residence.
you must stay inside your coach for the rest of the trip.
you of all people should know that a cliffhanger is a tv standard designed to improve ratings.
a cliffhanger's purpose is to keep people interested keep them guessing what's gonna happen in future episodes.
yeah, but just like in our own lives, they are so predictable.
the producers put the characters in some contrived situation hoping the audience will think something's gonna change.
i just feel like this big cloud has been lifted off my shoulders, you know?
they took him to the hospital to run more tests so i can't see him till tomorrow but for the first time in a long time i just...
i don't know if i could spend a year in a country that worships mickey rourke.
well, whatever you decide to do, i think it's an honor just to be asked.
it's more like what you didn't do like pass any of your midterms this semester.
principal eiger called to issue the failure watch and frankly, dad's worried.
you tell him that the concern is appreciated but he should save it for the closet case with the gun.
tell me something, pacey, does being the leading contender for the "official joke of capeside" bother you even a little bit?
because it's a distinction the rest of the witter family could live without.
why don't you go and grab a cat out of a tree or something?
and tell dad that if he wants to talk to me, he should do it himself.
one day you'll get tired of being a joke and it's gonna be too late.
i know you want to get this over with but if you ask me really nicely, i'll come back with you tomorrow.
thanks for the offer, but there's gotta be a better solution than spending another day on the bus.
they tell me he was lucky, but luck has nothing to do with it.
i know it's because of our daily prayer and our faith in the lord.
like i wanna spend time with the man who's responsible for the destruction of my family.
if i knew you were coming, i would've sent for cigars and champagne.
i deal with him every day of my life, okay, dawson?
every single second, i am dealing with the legacy he left for me.
when i was 8 years old, i used to play peewee baseball.
we had this huge game at the end of the season.
it was two outs, bottom of the ninth, and i struck out.
anyhow, we get home, and my dad just proceeds to ream me.
telling me what a loser i am, and what a disgrace i am to the whole family and town for losing the game.
the next morning i overhear my dad relaying the events of the game to my brother.
i want you to smile at me and i want you to listen to me and i want you to magically uncomplicate my life the way you used to.
like i told the lady before, visiting hours are over at 5:00.
and the reason i came here tonight is because we need to move on.
look, we're not kids anymore and i'm not gonna do this anymore.
a cliffhanger's purpose is to keep people interested keep them guessing what's gonna happen in future episodes.
yeah, but just like in our own lives, they are so predictable.
he says his meeting ran late, but marissa partridge says she saw him leaving the happy hour which doesn't surprise me one bit.
and in addition, your granddaughter and i seem to be coexisting lately.
if you don't go, i swear to god, i'll make you regret it.
i know you're still angry at him for what he did to mom and to us.
principal eiger called to issue the failure watch and frankly, dad's worried.
you tell him that the concern is appreciated but he should save it for the closet case with the gun.
tell me something, pacey, does being the leading contender for the "official joke of capeside" bother you even a little bit?
because it's a distinction the rest of the witter family could live without.
why don't you go and grab a cat out of a tree or something?
and tell dad that if he wants to talk to me, he should do it himself.
one day you'll get tired of being a joke and it's gonna be too late.
you'll realize that you're just a bad punch line that nobody's laughing at.
this is becoming a far bigger nightmare than i'd ever anticipated.
i know you want to get this over with but if you ask me really nicely, i'll come back with you tomorrow.
but he had nothing to do with war, famine, aids, huh?
it isn't always up to us to understand the lord's way.
i'm a dreamer, so i mean, it's so good to have somebody like that.
god, if she goes away, i don't know what i'm gonna do.
you're gonna have to deal with these feelings of anger and resentment you've got towards him.
otherwise you're gonna handcuff yourself to him forever and it's gonna cause you nothing but pain.
we had this huge game at the end of the season.
it was two outs, bottom of the ninth, and i struck out.
anyhow, we get home, and my dad just proceeds to ream me.
telling me what a loser i am, and what a disgrace i am to the whole family and town for losing the game.
the next morning i overhear my dad relaying the events of the game to my brother.
i heard him say to him, "at least i have you."
what can i do to get you out of this bed and back into my life?
because i feel so helpless sitting here right now because i wanna help you so badly, and i can't.
like i told the lady before, visiting hours are over at 5:00.
do you think maybe i could talk to you over here for a second?
you know, i am so tired of the way we relate to one another.
we spend all of our time analyzing our sad little adolescent lives.
you of all people should know that a cliffhanger is a tv standard designed to improve ratings.
a cliffhanger's purpose is to keep people interested keep them guessing what's gonna happen in future episodes.
yeah, but just like in our own lives, they are so predictable.
the producers put the characters in some contrived situation hoping the audience will think something's gonna change.
i just feel like this big cloud has been lifted off my shoulders, you know?
they took him to the hospital to run more tests so i can't see him till tomorrow but for the first time in a long time i just--
if you don't go, i swear to god, i'll make you regret it.
i know you're still angry at him for what he did to mom and to us.
principal eiger called to issue the failure watch and frankly, dad's worried.
you tell him that the concern is appreciated but he should save it for the closet case with the gun.
tell me something, pacey, does being the leading contender for the "official joke of capeside" bother you even a little bit?
because it's a distinction the rest of the witter family could live without.
why don't you go and grab a cat out of a tree or something?
and tell dad that if he wants to talk to me, he should do it himself.
one day you'll get tired of being a joke and it's gonna be too late.
you'll realize that you're just a bad punch line that nobody's laughing at.
this is becoming a far bigger nightmare than i'd ever anticipated.
i know you want to get this over with but if you ask me really nicely, i'll come back with you tomorrow.
but he had nothing to do with war, famine, aids, huh?
it isn't always up to us to understand the lord's way.
i'm a dreamer, so i mean, it's so good to have somebody like that.
god, if she goes away, i don't know what i'm gonna do.
you're gonna have to deal with these feelings of anger and resentment you've got towards him.
otherwise you're gonna handcuff yourself to him forever and it's gonna cause you nothing but pain.
when i was 8 years old, i used to play peewee baseball.
we had this huge game at the end of the season.
it was two outs, bottom of the ninth, and i struck out.
anyhow, we get home, and my dad just proceeds to ream me.
telling me what a loser i am, and what a disgrace i am to the whole family and town for losing the game.
the next morning i overhear my dad relaying the events of the game to my brother.
i want you to smile at me and i want you to listen to me and i want you to magically uncomplicate my life the way you used to.
like i told the lady before, visiting hours are over at 5:00.
and the reason i came here tonight is because we need to move on.
look, we're not kids anymore and i'm not gonna do this anymore.
there will be fireworks all night, and i have an early plane to catch.
i need something to help me sleep tonight and on the plane tomorrow.
we have a request from "baltimore magazine" to interview the two of you.
some kind of father and son story pegged on to the poisoned wine case.
i mean, i gotta have enough to bury my eddie good, you know?
it would be better if you could get me cash instead of a cheque.
billy got him for fingerprinting and bridger walked him out the door.
danvers wants to know how pj's been pushed up for his arraignment.
the two major gangs which control... all the illegal activities are led by mr k. and mr lung
mr lung has been recruiting new member's into his group in the past two years
his power has been growing stronger, even wants to take control of all profits
nevertheless mr k. has been the true leader for more than a decade, his position is undoubtedly strong
even the police and other gang members would pay him respect
this two major gangs have been fighting with each other in the past eight months
but at the same time, it is heard that mr k. has put a 5 million dollars contract on mr lung
i've already told the others, said you didn't put out a contract to kill mr lung
once we've made the deal, he would no longer have the excuse to touch us
so before mr lung come back tomorrow night, we can't let any thing to go wrong, especially we can't let mr lung die
why do we still need to be afraid of mr hung?
for an old guy who hasn't been back in macau for over a decade, what possibly can he do now?
i'm just afraid if there're suckers out there who will kill him
my guys at the police station and i will keep an eye on it
tony the deal with the smuggled cigarettes last month was all because of your help, otherwise i would have lost them all
even though we've only met once, i really look upon you
both sides are negotiating now anything that happens would mess it up
your dad can't look after you, but didn't he at least... tell you that?
if i didn't beat you up, you were never gonna get out of it
i'll have someone to get you a taxi, go home and get some rest
you trusted that drunk instead of me, are you trying to sell me out?
if you aren't mr k's son, i wouldn't even bother to come
as soon as they left the club, mark thought of taking revenge
but they've talked him out of it, then they went to the casino
i've arranged people to pick up mr lung at the customs
i'm just afraid there are idiots who try to sneak around it
bring several guys with you to stop people at the gate, don't let anyone to get on the boat
i've notified the ferry company, no ship is allowed to leave at the moment
the two major gangs which control... all the illegal activities are led by mr k. and mr lung
mr lung has been recruiting new member's into his group in the past two years
his power has been growing stronger, even wants to take control of all profits
nevertheless mr k. has been the true leader for more than a decade, his position is undoubtedly strong
even the police and other gang members would pay him respect
this two major gangs have been fighting with each other in the past eight months
but at the same time, it is heard that mr k. has put a 5 million dollars contract on mr lung
i've already told the others, said you didn't put out a contract to kill mr lung
once we've made the deal, he would no longer have the excuse to touch us
so before mr lung come back tomorrow night, we can't let any thing to go wrong, especially we can't let mr lung die
why do we still need to be afraid of mr hung?
for an old guy who hasn't been back in macau for over a decade, what possibly can he do now?
i'm just afraid if there're suckers out there who will kill him
my guys at the police station and i will keep an eye on it
tony the deal with the smuggled cigarettes last month was all because of your help, otherwise i would have lost them all
even though we've only met once, i really look upon you
both sides are negotiating now anything that happens would mess it up
your dad can't look after you, but didn't he at least... tell you that?
if i didn't beat you up, you were never gonna get out of it
i'll have someone to get you a taxi, go home and get some rest
you trusted that drunk instead of me, are you trying to sell me out?
if you aren't mr k's son, i wouldn't even bother to come
as soon as they left the club, mark thought of taking revenge
but they've talked him out of it, then they went to the casino
now they've both disappeared lsn't that too much of a coincident?
i don't know, i think someone is screwing up with us
where to go, when to stop, it's not up to us to choose
you guys should take more people with you, make it into two groups
i've arranged people to pick up mr lung at the customs
i'm just afraid there are idiots who try to sneak around it
bring several guys with you to stop people at the gate, don't let anyone to get on the boat
i've notified the ferry company, no ship is allowed to leave at the moment
a lot of people want to share a piece of it
the two major gangs which control... all the illegal activities are led by mr k. and mr lung
mr lung has been recruiting new member's into his group in the past two years
his power has been growing stronger, even wants to take control of all profits
nevertheless mr k. has been the true leader for more than a decade, his position is undoubtedly strong
even the police and other gang members would pay him respect
the boss who supports these business, mr hung is very upset
news was spread that he wanted both of them to leave macau
plus they want to join forces, so mr hung has no excuse to take them out of the game
but at the same time, it is heard that mr k. has put a 5 million dollars contract on mr lung
in the past eight months, he was been very calm even he was standing against mr lung
they compromise with each other this time, it's just because mr lung knew he was gonna lose
which bastard do you think is messing things up out there?
do you know where will mr lung be coming back from?
tonight at 1 2:00, he'll be coming back from the customs
you need to calm your guys down, don't let them to do anything stupid tonight
yes, there's a baldy who's been sitting here for a long time, only asked for a glass of water
i asked him if he wants a company, he just kept silence
is macau that much fun for you to stay this long?
how can i leave without having my business taken care of?
but they've talked him out of it, then they went to the casino
mark has won a several thousand dollars, they went to the pub afterward
now they've both disappeared lsn't that too much of a coincident?
i don't know, i think someone is screwing up with us
where to go, when to stop, it's not up to us to choose
you guys should take more people with you, make it into two groups
i've arranged people to pick up mr lung at the customs
i'm just afraid there are idiots who try to sneak around it
bring several guys with you to stop people at the gate, don't let anyone to get on the boat
i've notified the ferry company, no ship is allowed to leave at the moment
a lot of people want to share a piece of it
the two major gangs which control... all the illegal activities are led by mr k. and mr lung
mr lung has been recruiting new member's into his group in the past two years
his power has been growing stronger, even wants to take control of all profits
nevertheless mr k. has been the true leader for more than a decade, his position is undoubtedly strong
even the police and other gang members would pay him respect
the boss who supports these business, mr hung is very upset
news was spread that he wanted both of them to leave macau
plus they want to join forces, so mr hung has no excuse to take them out of the game
but at the same time, it is heard that mr k. has put a 5 million dollars contract on mr lung
in the past eight months, he was been very calm even he was standing against mr lung
they compromise with each other this time, it's just because mr lung knew he was gonna lose
which bastard do you think is messing things up out there?
do you know where will mr lung be coming back from?
yes, there's a baldy who's been sitting here for a long time, only asked for a glass of water
i asked him if he wants a company, he just kept silence
is macau that much fun for you to stay this long?
how can i leave without having my business taken care of?
but they've talked him out of it, then they went to the casino
mark has won a several thousand dollars, they went to the pub afterward
now they've both disappeared lsn't that too much of a coincident?
i don't know, i think someone is screwing up with us
where to go, when to stop, it's not up to us to choose
you guys should take more people with you, make it into two groups
i've been wearing this bullet proof vest for the past seven years
now, i'll never be able to clear my name even if i get to live
the two major gangs which control... all the illegal activities are led by mr k. and mr lung
mr lung has been recruiting new member's into his group in the past two years
his power has been growing stronger, even wants to take control of all profits
nevertheless mr k. has been the true leader for more than a decade, his position is undoubtedly strong
even the police and other gang members would pay him respect
this two major gangs have been fighting with each other in the past eight months
but at the same time, it is heard that mr k. has put a 5 million dollars contract on mr lung
i've already told the others, said you didn't put out a contract to kill mr lung
once we've made the deal, he would no longer have the excuse to touch us
so before mr lung come back tomorrow night, we can't let any thing to go wrong, especially we can't let mr lung die
why do we still need to be afraid of mr hung?
for an old guy who hasn't been back in macau for over a decade, what possibly can he do now?
which bastard do you think is messing things up out there?
do you know where will mr lung be coming back from?
tonight at 1 2:00, he'll be coming back from the customs
you need to calm your guys down, don't let them to do anything stupid tonight
yes, there's a baldy who's been sitting here for a long time, only asked for a glass of water
i asked him if he wants a company, he just kept silence
is macau that much fun for you to stay this long?
how can i leave without having my business taken care of?
but they've talked him out of it, then they went to the casino
mark has won a several thousand dollars, they went to the pub afterward
now they've both disappeared lsn't that too much of a coincident?
i don't know, i think someone is screwing up with us
where to go, when to stop, it's not up to us to choose
you guys should take more people with you, make it into two groups
i've arranged people to pick up mr lung at the customs
i'm just afraid there are idiots who try to sneak around it
bring several guys with you to stop people at the gate, don't let anyone to get on the boat
i've notified the ferry company, no ship is allowed to leave at the moment
mr. kramer, we're really not allowed to use the cars to run errands.
now, look, rick, i'm very close to giving this car that my celebrity friend is considering, my full endorsement.
you know, rick, often times, jerry, he lends me his car and i find myself in a situation where the car is almost out of gas.
but for a variety of reasons i don't wanna be the one responsible for purchasing costly gasoline.
i can see the crumb in the corner of your lip.
now, that is a cookie and we all know that twix is the only candy bar with the cookie crunch.
you gotta get back with puddy so i can make this deal.
you know, just that you cared enough to call means so much, jerry.
you know they changed the name from $100,000 bar to hundred grand?
all i want is my 75 cents back, an apology, and for him to be fired.
all right, elaine, david i believe we have a deal here in principle.
arby's no more than once a month and in exchange elaine comes to your softball game and doesn't read a book.
i'm very close to giving this car, that my celebrity friend is considering, my full endorsement.
let's see if i can get a smile from these femininas...
you gotta get back together with puddy so i can make this deal.
you know, just that you cared enough to call means so much, jerry.
all i want is my 75 cents back, an apology, and for him to be fired!
i remember when you used to be able to get a hershey for a nickel.
only i hold the answer key to their true candy identities.
and so, without further ado, i give you... the candy line-up.
mr. kramer, we're really not allowed to use the cars to run errands.
now, look, rick, i'm very close to giving this car that my celebrity friend is considering, my full endorsement.
you know, rick, often times, jerry, he lends me his car and i find myself in a situation where the car is almost out of gas.
but for a variety of reasons i don't wanna be the one responsible for purchasing costly gasoline.
i can see the crumb in the corner of your lip.
now, that is a cookie and we all know that twix is the only candy bar with the cookie crunch.
you gotta get back with puddy so i can make this deal.
you know, just that you cared enough to call means so much, jerry.
you know they changed the name from $100,000 bar to hundred grand?
all i want is my 75 cents back, an apology, and for him to be fired.
all right, elaine, david i believe we have a deal here in principle.
arby's no more than once a month and in exchange elaine comes to your softball game and doesn't read a book.
now, look, rick, i'm very close to giving this car that my celebrity friend is considering, my full endorsement.
well, let's see if i can get a smile from these femininas.
but for a variety of reasons i don't wanna be the one responsible for purchasing costly gasoline.
so you wanna know how far you can drive your friend's car for free.
i think i've reached a point in my life where i can tell between nougat and cookie.
so let's not just say things that we both know are obvious fabrications.
when we started this deal, i thought things were gonna be different.
if you wanna play hardball, i got my friend george and he can play pretty hard.
all i want is my 75 cents back, an apology, and for him to be fired.
i remember when you used to be able to get a hershey for a nickel.
now, what do i have to do to put you two in a relationship today?
cars can go on empty, but not us humans, huh, fella?
only i hold the answer key to their true candy identities.
and so without further ado i give you the candy lineup.
so i told the others i'd stand guard and watch the horses.
when i seen the flames, i got scared and i took off.
you're gonna tell me exactly what happened that night you understand me?
from the moment you set foot on my property to the moment you took the lives of my wife and son.
yeah, chris killed the bartender and then he hung him up in his own room.
not suggesting that but trouble seems to follow you around like a bad cold.
now, it's my first visit here, and i'm gonna meet some of them.
well, if you do, i can almost guarantee it'll be your last visit here.
son, i'm a professional. i guarantee the anonymity of my clients.
what i can tell you is i was hired to go after you.
or would chris larabee ride again with the hard, complex men he'd come to know?
gunmen like buck wilmington and vin tanner, the bounty hunter with the price on his own head.
[woman on p.a.] ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your patience during the delay.
- we'll now begin boarding airista airplane 105 to san diego.
well, the allies of mr. lyle know that your father opposed him.
the fact that you killed him only increases their resistance to his promotion.
he's not allowed to issue a statement until he talks to the n.t.s.b.
but i would like to offer my prayers to those who lost loved ones.
and time isn't something we have a lot of around here.
evidence from the flight data recorder indicates... the elevators were set at the wrong angle for landing.
according to the flight data recorder, all systems were working fine.
it indicated the elevators were set at zero instead of 20 degrees.
uh, ladies- ladies and gentlemen... before we come to the end of this wonderful evening...
i'd like to take a moment to remember a couple of students... who are no longer with us... because the lord has seen fit to call them on home.
... some of you may remember, died tragically his senior year.
so, we don't have a graduation photo of bobby bowman... but we were able to enlarge a picture from a group shot... of the farmers oftomorrow club.
[daniel's voice] one recruiter tried to give me an illegal payoff.
but my dad always taught me you can never go wrong doin' the right thing.
bowman's body was found headless in the bed ofhis father's pickup truck.
but the body was so decomposed that they couldn't get a proper i.d.
oh, he was a good little boy, for the most part.
and then when he was, oh, around 15 or so... something just seemed to snap.
well, after a while, my husband just couldn't deal with it.
he felt that bobby needed discipline... so he started locking' him in the shed out in back.
i assure you if my son had done anything that foolish, i would know about it.
you have any idea how many flight jockeys... are bucking' for a seat in the cockpit of a major carrier?
and if you're not, he just bribes clark thomas to fix it, right?
he found out about my drug intake after the crash... and he swooped in with spin control like he controls everything else.
now, if i knew that, i wouldn't be in here, would i?
if i had to bet, i'd say it was probably that counselor... that started comin' around when bobby was 15 or so.
just so you know... there's only enough gas to get you back to san diego.
oh, and by the way, there's a police car waiting for you when you get there.
all i'm saying is if lyle was able to fake his death as a teenager... well, perhaps he's done it again.
and that's whatjarod has been trying to tell us all this time.
there is nothing on lyle... except for date of employment and date of termination.
but i did find this under the name of bobby bowman.
the allies of mr' lyle know that your father opposed him.
the fact that you killed him only increases their resistance to his promotion.
how did jarod expect me to fool anyone to believe that i am him?
just tell them you shut up with jenny craig before you married me.
she suffered blunt trauma to the temple lobe which affects memory acquisition.
the chances of recording details of the crash are extremely slim.
i thought we've agreed that i would be here when we open these boxes.
we couldn't locate you and time isn't some we have a lot over around here.
evidence from the flight data recorder indicates the elevators were set at a wrong angle for landing.
giving the flight we do speed on descent, fail of the elevators to provide proper lift led directly to the crash.
according to the flight data recorder, all systems were working fine.
it indicated the elevators were set at 0 instead of 20 degrees.
but the body was so decomposed that they couldn't get the proper id.
have lost sound trace of dental records and of course, decomposition would make fingerprint identification impossible.
so, if the body was not mr. lyle's, then, whose body was it?
broots, go back to the blue cove, see if you can find out lyle's early years in the center.
but accusation is so serious that going to require an investigation.
i assure you if my son've done anything that foolish, i would know about it.
you have any idea how many flight truckies are barking for a seat in the cockpit for their major career?
i know some who had no trouble lieing to get pilot grounded, open up a slot...
it's a copy of adoption paper giving custody of bobby, mr. lyle, to the bowman's.
it's only one reason the center would have records of lyle's adoption.
the allies of mr' lyle know that your father opposed him.
the fact that you killed him only increases their resistance to his promotion.
how did jarod expect me to fool anyone to believe that i am him?
just tell them you shut up with jenny craig before you married me.
she suffered blunt trauma to the temple lobe which affects memory acquisition.
the chances of recording details of the crash are extremely slim.
i thought we've agreed that i would be here when we open these boxes.
we couldn't locate you and time isn't some we have a lot over around here.
evidence from the flight data recorder indicates the elevators were set at a wrong angle for landing.
giving the flight we do speed on descent, fail of the elevators to provide proper lift led directly to the crash.
according to the flight data recorder, all systems were working fine.
it indicated the elevators were set at 0 instead of 20 degrees.
but the body was so decomposed that they couldn't get the proper id.
have lost sound trace of dental records and of course, decomposition would make fingerprint identification impossible.
so, if the body was not mr. lyle's, then, whose body was it?
broots, go back to the blue cove, see if you can find out lyle's early years in the center.
but accusation is so serious that going to require an investigation.
i assure you if my son've done anything that foolish, i would know about it.
you have any idea how many flight truckies are barking for a seat in the cockpit for their major career?
i know some who had no trouble lieing to get pilot grounded, open up a slot...
it's a copy of adoption paper giving custody of bobby, mr. lyle, to the bowman's.
it's only one reason the center would have records of lyle's adoption.
do you want to hear how i have changed the poem about seagulls?
their little acrobat heart for nothing sighs as much as for that silly drips... which almost always brings wind and sun.
with my last strength i will try to lay my egg.
but i have to ask you for promise me three things.
and with what kind of people we have to live instead?
they treat us as if we were some stupid dog-like vermins!
it's a big store that sells cycles with pedals of all types, cycles, bicycle...
actually it's a great book of science, where is information about all things of the world.
so if cats begin to make eggs, wont take long as they become...
i have told you, sir, that dry food was predicting to have strong side effects...
~ we hate cats, just a little longer and they go away from here ~
and this demonstrates that now the cats have lost their reason.
you should know, that he said something true and something false.
it's true that cats eat birds, it's part of their nature.
i know you're scared, i haven't a courage to look down.
don't forget that you have wings, and who has wings, isn't afraid of heights, and any obstacle what he can meet.
oh, teddy called me, and my mother called to see if teddy called.
and, oh, your sister called to say she'd be going to tucson to do some buying... and she'd be gone the whole weekend, and--
here, i'd like you to have a look at my baby.
eighteen years old, and never known an unhappy day in any one of those years.
suppose we just put this in the safe, and then monday morning when you're feeling good--
speaking of feeling good, what happened to that bottle you said you had in your desk?
i last saw your sister when she left this office on friday.
she said she didn't feel well, wanted to leave early and i said she could.
i won't have you bringing strange young girls in for supper.
by candlelight, i suppose, in the cheap, erotic fashion of young men with cheap, erotic minds!
tell her she'll not be appeasing her ugly appetite with my food or my son.
or do i have to tell her 'cause you don't have the guts?
i stepped into a private trap back there, and i'd like to go and try to pull myself out of it before it's too late for me too.
well, you sure you don't wanna stay just a little while longer, just for talk?
one of you better tell me what's going on here and tell me fast.
- i can-- i can take just so much of this.
sam, he called when he had nothing, nothing but a dissatisfied feeling.
don't you think he would've called if he had anything at all?
it's just that something is wrong out there, and i have to know what.
well, i think there's something wrong too, but not the same thing.
no, he said he was dissatisfied and was going back there.
why don't you call norman and just let him say what happened?
i could tell the last time i talked to him on the phone.
he wouldn't have gone anywhere without telling us unless he was stopped.
buy a new one, in a new town... where you won't have to hide your mother.
why don't you just get in your car and drive away from here.
then she found a man, and it seemed to norman that she threw him over for this man.
then she found a man, and it seemed to norman that she threw him over for this man.
that pushed him over the thin line, and he killed them both.
so, he had to erase the crime, at least in his mind.
and in the end, he intended to tell them that i killed those girls and that man.
as if i could do anything except just sit and stare,
hotels of this sort aren't interested in when you come in but when your time's up...
i hate having to be with you in a place like this.
look, a couple years, i'll have my father's debts paid off at the store.
and i told you, alimony stops as soon as she gets married again.
oh, teddy called me, and my mother called to see if teddy called.
and, oh, your sister called to say she'd be going to tucson to do some buying and she'd be gone the whole weekend, and...
here, i'd like you to have a look at my baby.
eighteen years old and never known an unhappy day in any one of those years.
but i'd like it if you came up to the house.
i don't set a fancy table or anything, but, uh, the kitchen's awful homey.
- i guess it's nothing you should be talking about when you're eating.
but, anyway, uh it was just too great of a loss for her and, you know, she had nothin' left.
have you ever seen the inside of one of those places?
the laughing and the tears and the cruel eyes studying you?
yeah, it was raining that night, and her hair was all wet.
and i'll tell ya, that's not a very good picture of her either.
if i wanted to check the cabins, all 12 of 'em, would i need a warrant for that?
if you don't believe me, you can help me change the beds, if you like.
it's just that something is wrong out there, and i have to know what.
well, i think there's something wrong too, but not the same thing.
no, he said he was dissatisfied and was going back there.
why don't you call norman and just let him say what happened?
guess we better decide what we're gonna say and do when we walk in there.
we're gonna register as man and wife and then we're gonna get shown to a cabin and we're gonna search every inch of that place inside and out.
one of us can keep him occupied, and the other one can get to the old woman.
you won't be able to hold him still, if he doesn't wanna be held.
if you drag the swamp in the vicinity of the motel...
to understand it as i understood it, hearing it from the "mother" that is, the mother-half of norman's mind you have to go back ten years to the time when norman murdered his mother and her lover.
his mother was a clinging, demanding woman and for years they lived as if there was no one else in the world.
then she found a man, and it seemed to norman that she threw him over for this man.
that pushed him over the thin line, and he killed them both.
so, he had to erase the crime, at least in his mind.
whenever reality came too close when danger or desire threatened that illusion he'd dress up...
even to a cheap wig he'd bought and he'd walk about the house, sit in her chair speak in her voice.
and in the end, he intended to tell them that i killed those girls and that man.
as if i could do anything except just sit and stare like one of his stuffed birds.
well, they know i can't even move a finger, and i won't.
i'll just sit here and be quiet just in case they do suspect me.
hotels of this sort aren't interested in when you come in, but when your time's up--
i hate having to be with you in a place like this.
look, a couple years, i'll have my father's debts paid off at the store.
and i told you, alimony stops as soon as she gets married again.
she's my baby, but tomorrow she stands up there and gets married away from me.
here, i'd like you to have a look at my baby.
there's an old saying that the first customer of the day... is always the most trouble.
but i'm in no mood for it, so i'm gonna treat you so fair and square... you're not gonna have one human reason--
i called her sister where she works-- hard core vinyl record store.
she doesn't know where marion is any more than we do.
but i'd like it if you came up to the house.
i don't set a fancy table or anything, but, uh, the kitchen's awful homey.
i-i guess it's nothing you should be talking about when you're eating.
but, anyway, uh, it was just too great of a loss for her... and, you know, she had nothin' left.
have you ever seen the inside of one of those places?
the laughing and the tears and the cruel eyes studying you?
i was in tucson over the weekend, and i haven't heard from her, not even a phone call.
look, if you two are in this together, i don't care.
last two days, i've been to so many motels, my eyes are bleary with the neon.
but you know, this is the first one... that looks like it's hiding from the world.
the reason i ask is because you said you'd seen so many in the past couple days.
i thought maybe you-- what was it you wanted to ask me?
yeah, it was raining that night, and her hair was all wet.
and i'll tell ya, that's not a very good picture of her either.
if i wanted to check the cabins, all 12 of 'em, would i need a warrant for that?
if you don't believe me, you can help me change the beds, if you like.
i think he got a hot lead as to where your sister was going, probably from norman bates, and called to keep you still while he took off after your sister and the money.
no, he said he was dissatisfied and was going back there.
why don't you call norman and just let him say what happened?
florrie, the sheriff wants you to connect him with the bates motel.
norman bates' mother has been dead and buried... in green lawn cemetery for the past ten years.
i helped norman pick out the dress she was buried in.
guess we better decide what we're gonna say and do when we walk in there.
we're gonna register as man and wife, and then we're gonna get shown to a cabin, and we're gonna search every inch of that place inside and out.
one of us can keep him occupied, and the other one can get to the old woman.
you won't be able to hold him still, if he doesn't wanna be held.
if you drag the swamp in the vicinity of the motel--
to understand it as i understood it, hearing it from the ""mother""-- that is, the mother-half of norman's mind-- you have to go back ten years... to the time when norman murdered his mother and her lover.
his mother was a clinging, demanding woman, and for years they lived as if there was no one else in the world.
then she found a man, and it seemed to norman that she threw him over for this man.
then she found a man, and it seemed to norman that she threw him over for this man.
that pushed him over the thin line, and he killed them both.
he was never all norman, but he was often only ""mother."
when he met your sister, he was touched by her and aroused by her.
it's sad when a mother has to speak the words that condemn her own son, but i couldn't allow them to believe that i would commit murder.
they'll put him away now, as i should have years ago.
well, they know i can't even move a finger, and i won't.
i'll just sit here and be quiet, just in case they do suspect me.
almighty and everlasting god, to whose bounty man owes his life on earth, bless, we pray you, this plough.
may the virgin soil it turns prove fruitful to our needs.
father, i am aware of the doubts harboured by brother cadfael and by brother prior.
but there is no question of ruald's vocation, and there are many precedents.
well, as i understand it, he is still settled with the brothers in cambridge.
as for the war, well, now the rebels are gaining ground.
surely, when god withholds the gift of children it's because he's got other plans for us.
it seemed so plain to me that god had another path for me to follow.
i wanted to tell her about what we found in the potter's field, but i couldn't.
she looked so frail i was afraid that another shock might prove too much for her.
if this boy is being questioned on the matter of the woman's body, it is highly pertinent.
a year ago when the woman, generys, entered into the abbey gates and was removed...
now, i know nothing of the ways of the world, of course, but surely it is clear.
sulien followed and struck the woman down in a rage of humiliation and then took holy orders as a means of escape.
i know some who have caused such pain for far less exalted reasons.
but i must tell you that sulien has now confessed to the killing.
well, in that case, if he's not to hang for a crime that he did not commit, you must help me.
i have searched that cottage, stone by stone, and it has told me nothing.
ploughed up, quite by chance, in a corner of the potter's field.
i believe the body to be that of generys, the potter's wife.
and so if she were buried unshriven, at least she was not buried unloved.
and she would still rest in peace now... ..if our ploughman hadn't turned too close to the trees.
it's the dim hope of finding proof that's kept us in this car, or one very much like it, for more nights than i care to remember, driving hundreds - if not thousands - of miles
through neighbourhoods and cities and towns where people are raising families and buying homes and playing with their kids and their dogs and...
sir, we launched from base at 2300 hours and headed south.
at approximately 2315, we lost power in the right rear quadrant.
a sudden shift in a craft's trajectory could create the distortion we're witnessing:
a lizard and a rock existing in the same time and space.
the three of us were out on highway 375 at the time, intercepting two fbi agents.
the fact that none of us remembers seeing it is evidence of my theory.
sir, i'm obligated to tell you that you have a security leak.
a man with whom you've worked very closely has contacted this ofhce and offered me access to highly classified information.
it's the dim hope of finding that proof that's kept us in this car... or one very much like it for more nights than i care to remember.
diving hundreds, if not thousands, of miles... through neighborhoods and cities and towns... where people are raising families and buying homes... and playing with their kids and their dogs, and, in short, living their lives,
they were f.b.i. agents obviously here to meet someone, very possibly an informant.
you just sent away our best hope of finding out who.
i gotta tell you, the whole thing turned out to be... just one gigantic mistake on our part.
agent mulder,you were specifically ordered not to pursue... any line of investigation pertaining to the x-files.
if this is where your so-called warp began, we would have all seen it.
the three of us were out on highway 37 5 at the time, sir, intercepting two f.b.i. agents.
sir, i am obligated to tell you that you have a security leak in your facility.
a man with whom you have worked very closely has contacted this office on several occasions... and offered me access to highly classified information.
where the military has conducted... ..for the past 50 years, classified experiments involving extraterrestrial technology.
it's the proof that we suspected, but never have been able to hold in our hands.
and buying homes and playing with their kids and their dogs and...
in short, living their lives while we... we... wejust keep drivin'.
if this is where your... so-called warp began, we would have all seen it.
the three of us were out on highway 375 at the time, intercepting two fbi agents.
- for the past 50 years... classified experiments involving extraterrestrial technology.
it's all our questions, the proof that we've suspected... but never been able to hold in our hands.
sir, we launched from base at 2300 hours and headed south.
at approximately 23:1 5, we lost power in the right rear quadrant.
we got the trace back on the call we received this morning.
it came from a gas station pay phone off of highway 37 5, three miles east of groom lake.
a sudden shift in a craft's trajectory... could create the kind of distortion we're witnessing right here-- a lizard and a rock existing in the same time and space.
if this is where your so-called warp began, we would have all seen it.
the three of us were out on highway 37 5 at the time, sir, intercepting two f.b.i. agents.
the fact that none of us remembers seeing it is evidence that my theory is correct.
lost time is a common symptom of close proximity to antigravity propulsion.
then how come my head isn't in a rock, or morris's?
a man with whom you have worked very closely has contacted this office on several occasions... and offered me access to highly classified information.
- would you happen to have a name for this man?
it's the dim hope of finding proof that's kept us in this car, or one very much like it, for more nights than i care to remember, driving hundreds - if not thousands - of miles
through neighborhoods and cities and towns where people are raising families and buying homes and playing with their kids and their dogs and...
sir, we launched from base at 2300 hours and headed south.
at approximately 2315, we lost power in the right rear quadrant.
everybody here seems to think that i'm him, but i'm not.
as long as they think i'm him, i have access, but i'm gonna need your help.
a lizard and a rock existing in the same time and space.
if this is where your... so-called warp began, we would have all seen it.
the three of us were out on highway 375 at the time, intercepting two fbi agents.
the fact that none of us remembers seeing it is evidence of my theory.
- you just sent away our best hope of finding out who.
- we can't just disappear a couple of fbi agents, howard.
the whole thing turned out to be just one gigantic mistake on our part.
agent mulder, you were specifically ordered not to pursue any line of investigation pertaining to the x-files.
sir, we launched from base at 2300 hours and headed south.
at approximately 2315 we lost power in the right rear quadrant.
we got the trace back on the call we received this morning.
it came from a gas station pay phone off of highway 375 three miles east of groom lake.
a sudden shift in a craft's trajectory could create the kind of distortion we're witnessing right here.
a lizard and a rock existing in the same time and space.
if this is where your so-called warp began we would have all seen it and the three of us were out on highway 375 at the time, sir, intercepting two fbi agents.
the fact that none of us remembers seeing it is evidence that my theory is correct, sir.
lost time is a common symptom of close proximity to anti-gravity propulsion systems.
- then how come my head isn't in a rock, or morris'?
well, frankly, that's what i wanted to talk to you about.
sir, i am obligated to tell you that you have a security leak in your facility.
a man with whom you've worked very closely has contacted this office on several occasions and offered me access to highly classified information.
- would you happen to have a name for this man?
mulder, it's the dim hope of finding that proof that's kept us in this car, or one very much like it for more nights than i care to remember.
driving hundreds if not thousands of miles through neighborhoods and cities and towns where people are raising families and buying homes and playing with their kids and their dogs, and...
they were fbi agents obviously here to meet someone, very possibly an informant.
- you just sent away our best hope of finding out who.
a lizard and a rock existing in the same time and space.
if this is where your so-called warp began we would have all seen it and the three of us were out on highway 375 at the time, sir, intercepting two fbi agents.
you won't, but i wouldn't mind if you came clean with me.
scientific proof about what happened to us on that road two nights ago.
sir, i am obligated to tell you that you have a security leak in your facility.
a man with whom you've worked very closely has contacted this office on several occasions and offered me access to highly classified information.
your john doe has evevr intention of remaining a john doe for now.
he has no tattoos, no scars and no past broken bones.
i've been away from homicide so long, i feel like a missing person my self.
for all of central mavrland, there are 19 white males that might match our body.
i'm here after quitting time, bustin' my hump for some fag?
you're saying that he's gay, we shouldn't be working this case?
frank is calling mount vernon restaurants to make a match with the menu items in the victim's stomach contents.
i got a little bit more media attention than i can stand on this.
just once, a body falls with lingerie on, and it's found in a dumpster in a gay neighbourhood, and the whole world's in a frenzy!
gee, we can't start solving a murder until we know who got killed.
no, all's i'm sayin' is that, before you go to war maybe give peace a chance.
pack this up, go give it to your kid, and have a long heart-to-heart with his mother.
ok, so sam reports alan missing and he lied about his relationship.
he probably thought he'd get more of a police response if he didn't emphasise the gay aspect.
right off the bat, two guys, they got a lot in common.
they know what it's like to wake up in the morning as a guy.
talkin' like mr bigshot until the cheque comes, and then he's mia.
always talkin' about how everything's so much better up in san francisco.
so we stay on the job, knowing we can be blackmailed at any time?
georgia rae ain't asked for nothin' but it don't mean she won't.
i don't know if you've noticed this, but i haven't really been happy for a long time.
so i am going to have dinner with chris rawls, who i find intelligent and funny, and we're gonna drink some wine, and we're gonna laugh, talk, enjoy ourselves be happy.
he litted me so easily... and when he said he had ballet training...
i'm just an amateur... but i have put everything that i have into this.
did you feel guilty because you lett her without a word?
you and i both know she would've told me about you.
i'm just an amateur... but i have put everything that i have into this.
and if i don't think that i have a chance... well, then...
all children stay at secondary school to the age of sixteen.
and at sixteen in england they take gcse examinations... that is the general certificate of secondary education.
students have lessons in the morning... and then a break of an hour for lunch.
some go home for lunch... some bring sandwiches with them... and some eat here in the school canteen.
a bungalow... a cottage... a terraced house... a semi-detached house... and a detached house.
an old house... a new house... a large house... and a small house.
in this programme we look at sport... and we begin with some famous sporting venues.
this is wembley - the scene of some great football matches.
it's the headquarters of the game of cricket - a very british game!
but sport isn't only for experts - all over britain more and more people are taking up... different sports and activities.
british people remember guy fawkes - and his plot to blow up the king and the houses of parliament in 1605.
that's guy fawkes... and here he is under the houses of parliament.
and for many people, english is the language of popular music.
pop musicians... rock musicians... folk, jazz, heavy metal - most of the world's popular musicians... write and sing songs in english.
the real british pop revolution happened here in liverpool... in the north-west of england.
at the beginning of the 1960s... there were hundreds of bands in liverpool.
they played in pubs and clubs and halls all round the city.
not all of these bands became famous... but one of them - the beatles, changed pop music forever.
john lennon, paul mccartney, george harrison and ringo starr... were together for only eight years, from 1962 to 1970.
but in that time they had eighteen number one hit singles... and made eleven albums.
there are more than 2,500 recorded versions of 'yesterday'... by different bands and singers.
another popular sixties band, the rolling stones... are still playing and recording today.
he isn't only a musician but also acts in films and plays.
through the 70s and 80s... there were many stars in the world of pop music.
for most people fame in the world of pop comes and goes.
you can be famous this week and next week nobody remembers you.
it started in 1863, and it was the world's first underground railway.
over twenty million tourists come here every year - eleven million from abroad... and the rest are tourists from other parts of britain.
the first performance of this play... the mousetrap by agatha christie, was in 1952.
and yes, at this london theatre they are still performing the same play.
i've been working very hard to deal with my asperger syndrome.
i've been learning to connect to people, to make eye contact, to shake hands... to show an interest in them even if i have none.
mr. kupfer is my favorite opposing counsel- he's smart, eloquent, a pleasure to watch.
and every time i go up against him, he obligingly loses.
something like, "you killed my son. " i don't know what he was talking about.
and how did the defendant appear to you at this time?
your honor, mr. shore knows full well... that the case against mr. armus was thrown out.
because of a faulty warrant... and the incompetent twits in your office couldn't fix it.
or, "wow, you sure know your way around my that. "
at first, i thought maybe she just likes to talk dirty.
he, i- whatever you will call it- began hitting armus over and over, beating him.
no, but first you pulled over and got your club that you always keep under your seat.
then they were out, and i couldn't bring them back in.
jerry, the thing to remember is that a trial is a process.
mr. mkeba, whatever it was... that caused you to uproot yourself and your son... to start a whole new life far away from the rest of your family- whatever it was that caused you to do that-
how does it compare with spending... most of the rest of your life in jail?
the best that you can hope for... is to... avoid another injustice.
when you and i first got together... my mother said, "missy, my baby cat...
- only those seeds of doubt were planted in my mind.
the only thing that brought me peace was when shirley suggested the postnup.
my fully autographed album cover of the original cast of a chorus line, my piece of the barricade that accidentally broke off during les miz, and... my limited edition phantom mask.
of course, materially, my possessions cannot begin to compete with yours... but they are everything i hold dear to my heart.
i knew this was over the moment missy skipped into my office last week.
and while we're being honest- at least i am- when we were together, i knew eventually... it would be... something.
i'm sure women feel the same way when men discuss their... anatomy.
what i'm trying to say is, i would really like to go out with you again.
if anybody knows anything about being a fool, it's denny crane.
my advice- get some mortar and brick and wall it up.
that's how you get us- all of us men- even denny crane.
we know we don't deserve shirley schmidt... but just the possibility is enough to sustain us.
but i was thinking on a much more elemental level- a place where my biggest concern would be... carrying water on my shoulders... or where the simple act of thatching a roof... would dissipate the voices in my head.
and the hardest choice you have to make is what you're gonna have for lunch.
alan, you know, one thing you sometimes forget is... no matter how hard your day, no matter how tough your choices... how complex your ethical decisions... you always get to choose... what you want for lunch.
daily, i am amazed at your inexhaustible ability to just live.
honey, you know that danny would take you back in a heartbeat.
i'm not gonna marry someone just because i want a nice apartment.
i was out for a walk, and then there was light and shapes.
gary, i'm telling you, for a moment, i was actually seeing.
look-look, all we need to do is we need to get into the wheelhouse.
it'll only take a second, then we're out of your hair.
lord, i know we haven't been speaking for the past few days, and maybe we should have, but i need another miracle.
i know it sounds selfish, but i told gary that i believe there's a reason for all of this.
police say today's series of events have led to arrests all in connection with the murder of victor buena vista.
they're also pursuing other leads linking today's events to the mob.
what we got to do is, we got to hang around here till some of those guys leave.
believe me, if fishman's still alive, this will give us our best shot.
here's that dramatic photo taken earlier today by a crewman on the rescue vessel moments after saving three men from a death trap set by organized crime.
police say today's series of events have led to arrests all in connection with the murder of victor buena vista.
i slept in his room when i was sick... or when i had a bad dream.
i slept in his room when i was sick... or when i had a bad dream.
until then, please do not inform any of your friends... neighbors or relatives of their impending doom.
until then, please do not inform any of your friends... neighbors or relatives of their impending doom.
read them fiirst, understand them... and then make us understand them.
read them fiirst, understand them... and then make us understand them.
and besides, if there was no school... there'd be no rules to break.
[joshua's voice] my best friend dave is the adventurous type... a daredevil.
surely, goodness and mercy will follow me all the days of my life... and i will dwell in the house of the lord forever.
today, we would like to begin communion... with those members of the congregation... suffering illness and physical ailments.
thy kingdom come, thy will be done... on earth, as it is in heaven.
give us this day our daily bread... and forgive us our trespasses... as we forgive those who trespass against us.
the nuns have their rules;' no food on the trays, no crumbs left on the table.
the nuns have their rules;' no food on the trays, no crumbs left on the table.
and we have our rules;' never eat the tuna casserole... and when it's your turn, pass the trays.
the kitchen workers are the only adults who know about our rules.
peters] this time, i want us all to sing... because maybe, if we all sing together with all our hearts... our voices will rise up out of this chapel...
because maybe, if we all sing together with all our hearts... our voices will rise up out of this chapel... out of this building... up into the heavens.
he's probably drinkin' hawaiian punch... and watching reruns of gilligan's island right now.
[nun] your parents told me you've been a busy guy lately.
they said that you started to follow the muslim tradition for a while.
every day at sunset... you'd bow your head to the ground and pray to the east, is that right?
i heard about a holy guy in india who did that.
and, well, i don't know if it counts or what... but i got hungry during the night.
your mom tells me the two of you were really close.
in fact, this summer,you didn't go away to camp with your friends.
your mom tells me the two of you were really close.
in fact, this summer,you didn't go away to camp with your friends.
they want to keep you in school, but they just can't aff,ord it.
now i know you're gonna be a big man and do what's best for your parents.
did you ever notice that freddie wears the same pants he wore last year... just let out a little?
did you ever notice that freddie wears the same pants he wore last year... just let out a little?
[joshua's voice] freddie waltman has picked on me since i was in third grade.
he pushed me in a locker... put cherry jell-o in my sneakers... and told everyone when i split my pants in social studies.
so you wanna go make fun of those ugly statues over there?
hey, frank, you're not gonna blow chunks on me, are you?
i mean, that closet you guys play in is very small.
[mrs. beal] and when someone has a seizure... their arms and their legs move so fast... they need a lot of room.
i like when offiicer price came in on career day and showed us his gun.
[boy reading] "i like when sister beatrice lost her whistle for a week.
i like when offiicer price came in on career day and showed us his gun.
i like when school was cancelled 'cause the pipes in the basement busted."
[sister terry] well, gentlemen... on behalf of the waldronacademy faculty and staff,...
[sister terry] well, gentlemen... on behalf of the waldronacademy faculty and staff,... thank you for another successful year.
father peters would like everyone to know... that he will be available for confessions throughout the summer...
father peters would like everyone to know... that he will be available for confessions throughout the summer... for anyone who feels the need.
surely, goodness and mercy will follow me all the days of my life... and i will dwell in the house of the lord forever.
today, we would like to begin communion... with those members of the congregation... suffering illness and physical ailments.
thy kingdom come, thy will be done... on earth, as it is in heaven.
give us this day our daily bread... and forgive us our trespasses... as we forgive those who trespass against us.
i heard about a holy guy in india who did that.
and, well, i don't know if it counts or what... but i got hungry during the night.
your mom tells me the two of you were really close.
in fact, this summer,you didn't go away to camp with your friends.
"i like when sister beatrice lost her whistle for a week.
i like when offiicer price came in on career day and showed us his gun.
in the battlefield, the hooves of cavaliers saw the world go beneath them like the faces of slaves.
during the battle, alexander's favorite horse, butsefal, was killed by an arrow.
on top of one of them, alexander built a magnificent sarcophagus and buried butsefal's corpse together with all its jeweled outfit.
and then so that nobody find it, his men built similar mounds on the top of all the hills.
it is said that every hundred years butsefal's spirit raises from its burial mound and treads along these very hills.
whoever has the chance to see it, lives a happy fate sees his wishes and aims come true.
five thousand years ago, there used to be a high tower here.
nowadays the only thing that's remained is this mound of rocks.
you see children, they would eat the bodies in the pit.
it is said in the times of alexander when a man turned old, his children would bring him to the pit and throw him there alive.
when his dad became old, he was forced to take him to the pit.
when the vizier saw the bones in the pit, he felt so sorry that he didn't throw his father into the pit.
it will then start flying until the sun rises and by that time it will already be beside some water.
tie a thread on the bee's small foot and follow it.
for the mayor, prepare two pails of honey, but not of the pure sort.
give one ton of fuel to mahmad said, is it understood?
if you can't even educate your son, what type of education are you giving to other people's children?
your son will now be imprisoned six years in the children's correctional colony.
i've got five children, if you would have been killed, who would take care of my kids.
it's because of careless fools like you that we face hardships.
you couldn't just do me a favor and, like, hold them in?
sorry, i'm in the middle of the last favor you asked me to do.
she's on her way though, so until she gets here, i'm gonna be your coach.
but don't worry, she told me all about the la-mazada stuff.
so, are you really gonna go out with that nurse man?
well uh, you and i are just goofing around, i thought, why not goof around with him.
y'know, i don't know if you've ever looked up the term goofing around in the dictionary¡¦
well, i have, and the technical definition is, two friends who care a lot about each other and have amazing sex and just wanna spend more time together.
so uh, frank and alice wanted me to tell you that they're still outside making phone calls.
but umm, i mean, did you talk to them about, y'know¡¦
um, i was about to tell you i was getting out of it.
but, um, if we're just "goofing around," maybe i will go out with him.
you couldn't just do me a favor and, like, hold them in?
sorry, i'm in the middle of the last favor you asked me to do.
"two friends who care a lot about each other and have amazing sex and just want to spend more time together."
but if you have this new dictionary that gets you mad at me then we have to get you my original dictionary.
sorry, i'm in the middle of the last favor you asked me to do.
this is dan, one of the guys we're dating on saturday.
you couldn't just do me a favor and, like, hold them in?
sorry, i'm in the middle of the last favor you asked me to do.
sorry, i'm in the middle of the last favor you asked me to do.
this is dan, one of the guys we're dating on saturday.
i don't know if you've looked up "goofing around" in the dictionary.
well, i have and the technical definition is "two friends who care a lot about each other and have amazing sex and just want to spend more time together."
i was about to tell you i was getting out of it.
but if we're just " goofing around" , maybe i will go out with him.
sorry, i'm in the middle of the iast favor you asked me to do.
this is dan, one of the guys we're dating on saturday.
i was about to tell you i was getting out of it.
but if we're just "goofing around," maybe i will go out with him.
sorry, i'm in the middle of the last favor you asked me to do.
this is dan, one of the guys we're dating on saturday.
two friends who care a lot about each other and have amazing sex and just want to spend more time together.
but if you have this new dictionary that gets you mad at me then we have to get you my original one.
sorry, i'm in the middle of the last favor you asked me to do.
this is dan, one of the guys we're dating on saturday.
i don't know if you've looked up "goofing around" in the dictionary.
well, i have and the technical definition is "two friends who care a lot about each other and have amazing sex and just want to spend more time together."
um, i was about to tell you i was getting out of it.
but, um, if we're just "goofing around," maybe i will go out with him.
you couldn't just do me a favor and, like, hold them in?
sorry, i'm in the middle of the last favor you asked me to do.
"two friends who care a lot about each other and have amazing sex and just want to spend more time together."
but if you have this new dictionary that gets you mad at me then we have to get you my original dictionary.
i was about to tell you i was getting out of it.
but if we're just "goofing around," maybe i will go out with him.
you couldn't just do me a favor and, like, hold them in?
sorry, i'm in the middle of the last favor you asked me to do.
two friends who care a lot about each other and have amazing sex and just want to spend more time together.
but if you have this new dictionary that gets you mad at me then we have to get you my original one.
if he's moving, maybe i should try to get his place!
it would be so cool to live across from you guys.
you actually thought that basket was going to get you the apartment?
someone sent us a basket at work, and people went crazy over those muffins.
you should find out his hobbies and use that to bond with him.
like if i wanted something from joey i would strike up a conversation about sandwiches or my underwear.
you're obsessed with babies and marriage and everything that's related to babies and marriage.
why don't we turn the heat down on this pressure cooker!
when i first met ross, i didn't like him at all.
once i got to know him, i saw that he is really sweet and caring and very generous.
i would've been happy because i would spend the rest of my life with the woman i love.
or you would have seen a chandler-shaped hole in that door.
i think it's a great idea to become friends with someone before you date.
but the way you do it is you meet someone, become their friend build a foundation, then ask them out on a date.
but i am not some hussy who will just sleep around to get ahead.
even though i kissed you, that does not give you the right to demand sex from me!
then why did you ask us if we wanted to go?
because i just wanted to know what you were doing so you wouldn't walk in on me and chandler while we were doing it all night.
but i feel obligated to tell you that this meeting is being videotaped.
well, first, i would like to start by apologizing for kissing you and for yelling at you.
and i was not afraid to stand up for myself and that shows courage.
now, i know that i've already said courage but you've got to have courage.
we kind of took a detour on our way over here.
we were strolling through the park and no one was around, so...
and if i did, i don't think we'd be going out.
okay, i don't want to disappoint you and i really don't want to disappoint the guy in the second stall...
to get past the beginning and still want to be around each other i think that's incredible.
and the fact that this is happening with you i think that's pretty exciting.
since you work at ralph lauren, can you get me some shirts?
i don't know if i'd feel comfortable stealing on my very first day.
i've seen him in sugar smacks, playstation and that one for the phone company.
he was so good, he convinced me to switch phone companies.
about ghosts and goblins who totally supported the princess' right to smoke.
and then they came back from smoking and they'd made all of the decisions.
look, just don't freak out, but i kind of lost it.
i know it's in the apartment, but i definitely lost it.
well, if he's so great why don't you go out with him?
well, you know, at some point you and i may need to have a longer conversation.
you all know i'm a pacifist, so i'm not interested in war in any way.
but when the revolution comes, i'll have to destroy you all.
i was about to tell you i was getting out of it.
but if we're just "goofing around", maybe i will go out with him.
you couldn't just do me a favor and, like, hold them in?
sorry, i'm in the middle of the last favor you asked me to do.
well, i have and the technical definition is "two friends who care a lot about each other and have amazing sex and just want to spend more time together."
but if you have this new dictionary that gets you mad at me then we have to get you my original one.
sorry, i'm in the middle of the last favor you asked me to do.
this is dan, one of the guys we're dating on saturday.
i don't know if you've looked up "goofing around" in the dictionary.
well, i have and the technical definition is "two friends who care a lot about each other and have amazing sex and just want to spend more time together."
i chose to wear a badge because our father the chief of police, instilled in me a sense of duty and a belief in justice.
which makes it all the harder for you to come out.
i'll feel a lot better if you guys are over here with us.
if the lord decides to blow my house away, so be it.
let me just offer the one ounce of wisdom i can bring to this table.
instead of asking why your mother's doing all these horrible things may i suggest you get on your knees and thank god you have a mother?
winds are now racing at 50 miles an hour, and they're steadily climbing.
although it's still undetermined whether hurricane christopher is going to make landfall right here in capeside...
somebody does somebody wrong and then they go on tv with their iq of three and bitch and moan about it for the whole world to see, and...
now, i know this is a judgment but i have always prided myself on not being that kind of person the kind of person that would be on a panel of cheaters, lowlifes and liars...
it's a really good way to get to know each other.
i ask you a question like if you could only eat one food for the rest of your life, what would it be?
i have a dysfunctional ex-husband and new york wasn't big enough for the two of us.
well, i'll tell you, if i was your ex-husband i'd be full of regret right about now.
i guess i'm no longer the virgin queen of dawson's hand-held fantasies.
yeah, i think dawson's having a life-defining turning point right now.
fears of abandonment turned into fantasy spectacles of security and joy.
frank capra and steven spielberg are compared for their thematic content.
what i liked most about those movies is the fact that no matter how far off the pedestal the character fell he always got a second chance.
forgiveness is one of the greatest gifts the lord has given us.
and from the minute phoebe introduced us, i knew that i loved you.
i mean, it was that quick, you know, because love comes that quick.
hurricane christopher has taken a sudden detour and left only moderate damage to capeside and its surrounding areas.
now that the storm is over i guess it's time to finally say goodbye to some truly, truly bad weather.
because this seems to be the day of truths, and i'm taking my turn.
i lost my virginity when i was 1 2 to some older guy who got me drunk.
i was really drinking a lot and having blackouts and stuff and...
i was sexualized way too young and i don't wish that on anybody.
i woke up one day, mitch, and i realized my life was perfect.
everything i ever wanted from the time i was 6, had been realized.
when everything is just the way you've always wanted it to be?
i have the perfect home a career, the most gifted child a husband who stimulates me mind, body and soul every day of my life.
we continue to track the progress of hurricane chris gaining momentum as it heads up the coast prompting warnings for several coastal areas and school cancellations.
local officials have gone ahead and canceled classes for tomorrow in yarmouth, north falmouth, and capeside...
i'm missing a certain appendage between my legs which apparently makes one qualified to cover inclement weather.
me and my appendage are thrilled you will be here safe where you belong.
why did you choose a profession that requires you to dress like one of the village people?
i chose to wear a badge because our father the chief of police, instilled in me a sense of duty and a belief in justice.
if the lord decides to blow my house away, so be it.
grams, i forgot to tell you the lord sent a fax while you were out.
i did, and you better clarify yourself now before i rip your head off.
who better to understand a woman's need to have multiple partners?
look, i know you're still mad at me for lying to you.
even if you won't admit it, there's residue all over your face.
you know, you wanna know why she's cheating, but it's all perception, dawson.
let me just offer the one ounce of wisdom i can bring to this table.
you know that i love what i do that i've always wanted to be a diane sawyer or a barbara walters.
mitch, it's 20 years later and i am never going to be diane sawyer or barbara walters.
what i am saying is for the past two months, for the past 62 days every time that i've come home late every time that i have made an excuse to leave this house every time that i haven't been with you i have been with someone else, another man having sex with another man.
now, i won't be so insulting as to offer an apology.
the fact that i'm black and she's white or that we're unmarried and having a child in sin?
what i object to most, bodie, is when children raise children.
frank capra and steven spielberg are compared for their thematic content.
what i liked most about those movies is the fact that no matter how far off the pedestal the character fell he always got a second chance.
love is a decision that you make, and i made it right there, on the spot.
what i need for you to know is that our love came quick, and it's lasted.
i lost my virginity when i was 1 2 to some older guy who got me drunk.
i don't remember his name, but after the first pregnancy scare i went on the pill, and i used condoms most of the time.
i was sexualized way too young and i don't wish that on anybody.
i mean, sex at such a young age more often than not is a bad idea.
well, i'd be older, so i could tell the world about this wonderful woman who i am rapidly falling in love with.
did you really think it would make me jealous by flirting with doug?
everything i ever wanted from the time i was 6, had been realized.
i discovered perfection obtained is a discomforting state and i got restless.
why did you choose a profession that requires you to dress like one of the village people?
i chose to wear a badge because our father the chief of police, instilled in me a sense of duty and a belief in justice.
if the lord decides to blow my house away, so be it.
grams, i forgot to tell you the lord sent a fax while you were out.
let me just offer the one ounce of wisdom i can bring to this table.
instead of asking why your mother's doing all these horrible things may i suggest you get on your knees and thank god you have a mother?
winds are now racing at 50 miles an hour, and they're steadily climbing.
although it's still undetermined whether hurricane christopher is going to make landfall right here in capeside....
you know that i love what i do that i've always wanted to be a diane sawyer or a barbara walters.
mitch, it's 20 years later and i am never going to be diane sawyer or barbara walters.
what i am saying is for the past two months, for the past 62 days every time that i've come home late every time that i have made an excuse to leave this house every time that i haven't been with you i have been with someone else, another man having sex with another man.
now, i won't be so insulting as to offer an apology.
i have a dysfunctional ex-husband and new york wasn't big enough for the two of us.
well, i'll tell you, if i was your ex-husband i'd be full of regret right about now.
the fact that i'm black and she's white or that we're unmarried and having a child in sin?
what i object to most, bodie, is when children raise children.
i guess i'm no longer the virgin queen of dawson's hand-held fantasies.
yeah, i think dawson's having a life-defining turning point right now.
fears of abandonment turned into fantasy spectacles of security and joy.
frank capra and steven spielberg are compared for their thematic content.
what i liked most about those movies is the fact that no matter how far off the pedestal the character fell he always got a second chance.
forgiveness is one of the greatest gifts the lord has given us.
and from the minute phoebe introduced us, i knew that i loved you.
i mean, it was that quick, you know, because love comes that quick.
hurricane christopher has taken a sudden detour and left only moderate damage to capeside and its surrounding areas.
now that the storm is over i guess it's time to finally say goodbye to some truly, truly bad weather.
because this seems to be the day of truths, and i'm taking my turn.
i lost my virginity when i was 1 2 to some older guy who got me drunk.
i was really drinking a lot and having blackouts and stuff and....
i was sexualized way too young and i don't wish that on anybody.
well, i'd be older, so i could tell the world about this wonderful woman who i am rapidly falling in love with.
did you really think it would make me jealous by flirting with doug?
i woke up one day, mitch, and i realized my life was perfect.
everything i ever wanted from the time i was 6, had been realized.
when everything is just the way you've always wanted it to be?
i have the perfect home a career, the most gifted child a husband who stimulates me mind, body and soul every day of my life.
you know the other players are difficult to deal with, don't you?
but don't you think you'd get my consent to win this game?
if she is a virgin, why doesn't she give me an advantage?
brother sob, you are so smart, you can have women easily
2 people were shot death in the portland street last night at 12am
they were proved to be a chinese man and a chinese woman
people grew up in this place have one thing in common
no matter where they go, they will come back to the portland street at last
if no one is willing to do it, let's take a draw
i'm in charge of western district, i don't know mongkok well
sometimes, i also doubt that whether i know her or not
i don't even know whether she has appeared in my life or not
for us rascals, we would die fast if we attract too much attention
in these years, there are many big bosses found, tell me, can they live a long and peaceful life?
i just want to enjoy life, say drinking wine and playing golf...
why should i fight but not enjoying the rest of my life?
i turned back and saw a killer leaving by his motor bike
if i were on the car, i would have been killed too
but it's enough for me to spend the rest of my life in malaysia
i don't mind telling you that ben hon meets his waterloo too
the hong kong men either go whoring in shenzhen or to macau
in macau, girls from mainland china are good at sex stances
my dad was a member of hung hing too, his name is tat
he always told me, "it would be great if you were a boy!"
however, it's wise of you to let me win this game
you know the other players are difficult to deal with, don't you?
for the hot favourite, you'll get 7,000 if you bet 10,000
for dark horse, you'll get 9000 if you bet ten thousand
thursday, at nine, i will go to kwangwah hospital with her
luckily coke won the race, otherwise, we couldn't pay the medical fee
if it could stop drugs taking there wouldn't have been numerous drug addicts in hong kong
people grew up in this place have one thing in common
i talked to my dad, if we can afford buying a flat, we'll move out
the signborads, pimpers, hookers and the whoremongers here are somehow a protection shield to us
this is james, leader of the anti-vise team in mongkok district
starting from december last year till september of this year, our territories have been smashed for 157 times
she is like a legendary woman, came and left like shooting star
sometimes, i also doubt that whether i know her or not
i read from the mei wah magazine, there was a report on hk triads
you're one of the 12 branch leaders of the hung hing group
in these years, there are many big bosses found, tell me, can they live a long and peaceful life?
one can't get all the money, one can't get all the territories too
chiang tin-yeung is now bothered by the financial turmoil in thailand
don't you think it's the right time to root hung hing up?
you know, our pubs on chatham road are running good business
if we let the fellows sell drugs there, we would be damn rich!
this is a new pub, we don't even have license to sell liquor
you know, in hong kong now, it's so diffcult to get a license
if i were on the car, i would have been killed too
why are you so sure that prince was the man behind?
they reconfigured the whole place, so that those of us who watched three uniforms die put aside the horror of that moment and go about our jobs.
that was actually quite enlightened of the bosses, really, but it was futile, because this is the same squad room and our memories of that moment are as vivid as they ever were.
you develop a working relationship, you get into sync and then bam!
they abandon you and you think you can't do without 'em.
"in an effort to maintain the pristine condition of the renovated squad room,
"all homicide personnel are asked not to hang personal items on the wall,
you know, interviewing gee's relatives, you get to find out a lot more than you knew before.
did you know that gee, when he was seven years old, spoke two languages?
they assumed because i'd been in a pageant, i couldn't also be a detective.
i spent every single day trying to live that stigma down.
funny how after 25 years i can see a good thing turn bad.
if it wasn't for me, he and the others wouldn't be dead.
for whatever pain that i caused you and your sisters, i am sorry.
but i want you to know i thank god every day for your life.
¶ the god of wine comes crashing through the headlights of a car
¶ that took you farther than you thought you'd ever want to go
you need to improve your skills but you know how to control light.
bad paintings drain the life out of their objects because they lack this quality.
what's the use of studying long hours if you're not paying attention.
if you don't have the brains, ask so-young for some tips.
how can the class with the school's best student have the worst score?
don't greet me until you improve the class average, you hear!
i mean, school can be horrible and stupid for both students and teachers.
you can have such bad memories, like witnessing a tragic death...
you need to improve your skills, but you know how to control light.
bad paintings drain the life out of their subjects, because they lack this quality.
how can the class with the school's best student have the worst score?
don't greet me until you improve the class average, d'you hear?
no-one noticed i was here, or whether i was human or not.
i just had to fill the empty seats, and be there during head counts.
but there's this dr backer, and he's been giving them these experimental treatments.
i'm not sure what he's up to, but he's a little creepy.
cordelia may be homerically insensitive, but she may also be right.
death and disease are things - possibly the only things - that buffy cannot fight.
but there's this dr backer, and he's been giving them these experimental treatments.
i'm not sure what he's up to, but he's a little creepy.
cordelia may be homerically insensitive, but she may also be right.
death and disease are things - possibly the only things - that buffy cannot fight.
as long as i'm forced to stay here, i'm gonna find out what.
so is this the part where we say "what can we do to help?"
death and disease are things - possibly the only things - that buffy cannot fight.
it's only natural for her to try to create a defeatable opponent.
as long as i'm forced to stay here, i'm gonna find out what.
so is this the part where we say "what can we do to help?"
death and disease are things - possibly the only things - that buffy cannot fight.
it's only natural for her to try to create a defeatable opponent.
as long as i'm forced to stay here, i'm gonna find out what.
so is this the part where we say "what can we do to help?"
death and disease are things - possibly the only things - that buffy cannot fight.
it's only natural for her to try to create a defeatable opponent.
francis can sleep on the tv cot in your room, channe.
well, can we put the cot close to my bed so that he won't feel so far away?
maybe now you'll have to concentrate on being a nicer little brother.
maybe because you were so awful... he didn't want to be in the family.
[whispering] you look stupid with that dopey expression on your face.
"i hear lake water lapping with low sounds by the shore...
well, i'm afraid you're just going to have to miss it, francis.
okay, class, i want each of you to write me a story using your own words, and i want you to set it in your home.
"his face and ears all red and his eyes wearing that very uncomfortable look.
"a few days later, i surprised billy reading the book in his room.
"i asked him if he liked it, very nonchalant so he would not get angry with me.
"he said it was great, but did not look like he enjoyed saying this.
you get up and you say, "i'm indisposed." then you go to the infirmary.
# oh, let it be let it be, let it be #
the american girls in the locker room said that i should definitely have one.
those girls'd wear chastity belts if someone told them it was the "in" thing to do.
they tell poor peasants like candida to be patient, it's better in heaven.
while they, the pious pricks, live like kings off the money of the poor.
i'll take you in the back door, if that's all right.
i've been wantin'to live in this house since i was ten years old.
typing's the one thing i learned in high school... that was ever any use to me.
[tape] until we can see the ship moving away, or thinks he can.
[billy's voice] dad, we moved your things to the sun porch.
we thought it would be better if you didn't have to climb the stairs.
- it's just that the whole damn thing was so illegal.
we were so scared billy's mother would change her mind, take him away.
so if he ever asks, you'll be there to tell him too.
the boy, billy's father, was her cousin, her cousin by marriage or something.
i told my mom that i'd paint the kitchen if she let me borrow it one day a week.
i've been meaning to ask you if you wanted a ride for weeks.
well, after she stopped screaming, she told me i should see an orthopedic doctor for the hump and a dentist for my teeth.
then she gave me this book on hygiene and asked me to leave.
uh, i hope this isn't too forward, but i was in the neighborhood--
oh, jake, you remember the other day when you asked me if the guy in the dumpster was my boyfriend?
and on an incredibly exciting note, the firm welcomes today to its litigation department two of our attorneys from the new york office.
the first, jeffrey coho, who will be joining us as a new partner.
if, however, you want to save your ass, you'll do what i tell you.
and in this case i'm telling you, if you're innocent, you go to the police.
i'm completely straight, which goes to show just how attractive you are, brad.
jeffrey, what did i say about not coming on too strongly?
is that 'cause you can't think of anything to say, or 'cause detective richmond told you that works?
you know, when my mind goes blank, i just like to go with my old standby, which is, of course, "go screw yourself."
i suppose if there was some disorder in play, under the country's recently articulated and accepted 1% risk doctrine.
no, if there is even 1% chance that he might harm others with his psychological deficit...
making love to a woman and killing her are two very different things.
mrs. little, if you've been watching the news, then you can appreciate the heat on this thing.
well, it turns out marcia hooper got a restraining order against him six months ago.
i was thinking "children." i was gonna say "children," and it just came out...
you know, it's really not a good thing for a name partner in a big firm to be a dwarf bigot.
i'd hate to drag your disgraceful behavior into a public forum, but i do that sort of thing.
i don't think you're schizophrenic, nor is this any gender disorder.
my bet is that you choose to assume this clarice persona because you are a very shy man who likes to hide behind a disguise.
my mother imposed a strict value system that... let's just say, i had and still have enormous guilt over committing adultery.
i would even say i was tortured by that guilt, which is another reason i sought therapy.
but love, true love it isn't something that just comes along like a train where you can say, "hey, i'll just catch the next one. "
if everything we've been told about true love is in fact true maybe it comes along once.
knowing they' re right for each other and letting it pass because she dates my friend.
any woman who does that well, she sort of dumps herself in that trash bin, doesn't she?
then she hires a diminutive lawyer for the sole purpose of making me the heavy.
he struts up in court, announces that i kicked him once.
no relevance except to make you not like me or my client.
a gross attempt at manipulating you, and he should be ashamed for it.
i'm not embarrassed to have loved him or to miss him.
i guess the only thing left for me to do is to honor him.
and i do that by sharing my love for him with the people i love.
t o know that it was my own hand that pushed the button.
imagine what it must have been like for him to be suddenly gone in a violent whirlpool, cascading him.
i can only hope the bowl was indeed fresh when he fell into it.
just like she fired the others, all on the eve of the trial in order to get another continuance.
given that my client has not been truthful with me i'll withdraw as counsel.
if everything we've been told about true love is in fact true maybe it comes along once.
does it make sense to exalt the protocol of friendship over your one chance of--?
he struts up in court, announces that i kicked him once.
no relevance except to make you not like me or my client.
i guess the only thing left for me to do is to honor him.
and i do that by sharing my love for him with the people i love.
t o know that it was my own hand that pushed the button.
t o know that it was me who had the toilet altered so that there'd be a stronger flush.
um, my friends seem to think that i've taken on an impossible load with quantum physics and that i'm gonna have some trouble understanding the course material.
well, i could give you a brief synopsis, and you can decide for yourself.
it was just my nervous psyche that heard the professor say... (talking gibberish)
and that doesn't scare me for two seconds, but is there any way that you could possibly get me out of every course that i signed up for this year?
that hurts me, but i understand where it's coming from, and it's okay.
eric, you're trying to change who you are just to get her to like you.
all i'll need is your signature on the compton file, then i can have dr morris-
my signature and the compton file stay with me... until after the surgery.
they're going to be by and hook you up to the i.v.
i'll come by and check you out in about an hour.
the old woman in hansel and gretel was really nice to the little kids... right before she tried to eat them.
if we don't get out of here under our own power, we won't get out alive.
i was wondering what i can do to get pollero to sign over the compton file.
you know, for someone who's making a decision that will affect his life... you'd think pollero would be a little more cooperative.
and the same stats apply to over 80% of every hospital across the country.
you told me yourself unless you're able to meet your hospital's transplant quota... that you'd lose your fellowship, your stipend... and your division, and to be more selfish your job.
we need to get her into recovery and call the police.
the police will never believe us unless we get some kind of proof.
if we don't find susan taylor... would you sacrifice angela's life for pollero's?
i don't like pollero anymore than you do... but the importance of this deal is far more valuable than anyone's life.
i crack open my lips for breath and you're squeezing me off.
it's like our two organs are on a pull cord here.
hey, honey, i bet adam and eve never did it on their side.
i mean until after they were thrown out of the garden.
ladies want to see us, they'll quit their designer workouts and drag their fat cans over here and run, ok?
even though i think this is a fucked place to exercise, i do it.
we'd had about all the shit we could take from little timmy.
he turned four of us in during english exam earlier in the week.
you could show me why she'd be interested in somebody like you.
maybe because i don't say stupid fucking things like that to people.
he's sort of working through one or two personal issues right now.
but i think if you were to talk to him and ask him yourself, he might change his mind.
welcome to the sea of tranquility, where, on july 20th, 1969, commander neil armstrong took one small step for man, one giant leap for mankind.
those of us that are old enough to have seen it will never forget it.
there are only 234 moon rocks that were brought back to planet earth.
and we've cut a little hole here in the side of the exhibit so that you can reach in with your fingers and touch it if you want to.
exactly, julie teeger bought it that morning and took it home.
the next day peck tried to steal it, posing as a meter reader.
i got to get that signed and then i get the ball rolling, right?
yeah, then it goes to the supervising council, then the engineering superintendent, and then you submit it for a traffic board hearing.
if you don't want to see it in print, it's off the record.
if it can be quoted, but not attributed, it's on background.
maguire decides what's supposed to get done around here, not you.
in this great big machine, my friend, you are but a cog.
well, maybe you've been reviewing it a little too long, lady.
look, all i'm trying to do is help some people here, that's it.
now, last week a girl stumbled upon an escaped alligator here, and she was almost killed.
but the fact is, she was probably safer here than she would have been crossing a street in the city, especially when the street has no stoplight, and especially when there's a 40-ton truck flying at her.
listen, i need to talk to the supervisors that aren't part of maguire's machine, but i don't know what their agendas are, and i...
look, i don't know how to get in touch with them.
he's got no sense of humor, so don't make any jokes.
you'll really connect with him if you remind him you're a small businessman yourself.
now, the difference between abe and me, molly i didn't get my man to the staircase in time.
now, i might know which of the boys could be persuaded to vote for hobson's traffic light.
maybe more of us should stand up (door opens) when we feel the need, if you get my meaning.
but on the other hand i am an old man, and i'm getting tired.
then you can go back and do whatever you want to do.
first of all, no one here has to vote any other way than what their conscience tells them to.
"in the end, this isn't a story about a traffic light,
"or how cynicism can blind you, or how politics can make you cynical."
"i want del rio and tyrone power in a south seas romance.
"any story will do, as long as it's called birds of paradise
alas, i was alone in thinking that she wasn't alone on that train in 1942, one year before the liberation
- albert, danielle, junie, suzy, viviane - just before the glières maquis fell despite the help bresson's youngest dame brought in a whisper.
but having betrayed twice, it suffered to have lost its identity.
it found it with rome, open city because the film was made by men without uniform.
it was the first time a poor feudal nation had beaten a great colonial power that had a modern industry and a massive army.
the victory meant a lot, not just to us, but to people all over the world.
ho chi minh, north vietnam's leader, had lived in france and trained in moscow.
to many vietnamese he was a national hero, but washington saw him as an instrument of the communist bloc.
"let every nation know... whether it wishes us well or ill,
that we shall pay any price, bear any burden, meet any hardship, support any friend, oppose any foe... to assure the survival and the success of liberty."
these upheavals were extremely unpopular and won new recruits for the viet cong.
advisers from the united states trained the south vietnamese army in counterinsurgency.
the regime of mr. diem did create a kind of framework, a kind of government with all... the structures for governing the country.
of course, his policy provoked a lot of discontent among the intellectuals.
a group of generals plotted a coup against diem and sounded out america's support.
you get cables like that from some part of the country or the world or the other almost every week and as a kind of standard reply, you... you... you say the united states cannot participate in anything like this,
we shall provide whatever help is required to win the battle against the communist insurgents."
gen. william westmoreland, a veteran of korea and world war ii, took charge as president johnson began to increase the american war effort.
and er... some of our policies were kind of trial and error... in character.
in august 1964, an american destroyer, the uss maddox, on patrol in the gulf of tonkin, exchanged fire with north vietnamese torpedo boats.
"the president has asked that the destroyer force be doubled and that an "air cap" - a combat air patrol be available at all times on call to it, and as i think you know, he's issued instructions that
in the event of a further attack upon our vessels in international waters we are to respond with the objective of destroying the attackers."
well, i was over that... those destroyers for over an hour and a half, below a thousand feet, lights off, watching everything they did.
i could hear 'em chit-chatting on the radio, the maddox and the joy, they seemed to have some, er, intermittent radar targets.
i took it upon myself to get out there where they thought the boat was and try to kill it if they didn't.
but it was... it was fruitless... and i'd go down there and there was nothing.
ignoring the conflicting evidence, the pentagon insisted there had been a second attack.
"in retaliation for this unprovoked attack on the high seas, our forces have struck the bases... used by the north vietnamese patrol craft."
the protest movement of students and intellectuals, including catholics and buddhists, was widespread.
when people saw that our methods were effective, they would join us.
the great society he hoped to build was the central issue.
but communism and the cold war were - as ever - near the top of the agenda.
it was all in the context of an ideological struggle - the cold war.
the argument was about which system would last, which one was progressive.
the first american ground troops landed at da nang in march 1965.
i can remember one of my squad leaders when we were leaving okinawa and he... he said hot-damn, vietnam.
er, we were all kind of hot to go, er, hot to get into something, do something that was other than train and drill... and, um, there was a kind of a feeling, i don't know if anybody ever said this
a sort of feeling that being u.s. marines, our mere presence... in vietnam was going to terrify the enemy into quitting.
the united states had embarked on what would be the longest military war in its history.
three weeks after the marines landed, the viet cong bombed the american embassy in saigon.
their objective... is not the fulfillment of vietnamese nationalism, it is to erode and to discredit...
america's ability to help prevent chinese domination over all of asia."
he looked for the statistics that would help him manage the conflict.
but somehow mr. mcnamara came and, er... he never let the vietnamese general ask him the question one way or the other and he came out like a machine gun asking a lot of statistics like that and with his yellow pad,
he put down all the indications and as soon as, er... the... the answers were given, he took up and left.
he was not interested... that much about the opinion of the vietnamese at all.
"i have today ordered to vietnam the air mobile division, and certain other forces which will raise our fighting strength from 75,000 to... 125,000 men almost immediately.
additional forces will be needed later, and they will be sent as requested."
the marines have burned this old couple's cottage because fire was coming from here."
"a hundred and fifty homes were leveled in retaliation for a burst of gunfire.
if there were viet cong in the hamlets, they were long gone.
the women and the old men who remained will never forget that august afternoon."
he was ready, willing and able to pay a far greater price... than i would say we caucasians would.
my casualties in my company were relatively light and i say relatively light;
but often they met hostility from those they thought they were helping.
american troops found it impossible to tell which vietnamese were friends and which were foes.
but, er, how about, um... what happens after a firefight and you find bodies out there, but no weapons?
and... we were told this is... well, if it's dead and vietnamese, it's vc.
but... but you'd give it up, because you... the helicopters would come in and pick you up at night and fly you back to the security of your base camp.
instead of trying to hold territory, the americans used their superior mobility to launch search and destroy missions.
he didn't know in korea nobody thought the chinese were going to cross the yalu with a million men, and we were caught by surprise.
and i remember time after time, when the military would suggest mining haiphong or having er... sending in war planes to bomb haiphong, he said, 'hell no,' he said, 'some damn aviator will drop a bomb down a russian smokestack and then i've got world war iii on my hands.'
the scale of soviet aid to north vietnam was affected by growing tensions between the soviet union and china.
the chinese demanded that we hand over all military equipment for vietnam on the soviet-chinese border and that china in its turn would pass it on to the vietnamese.
what surprised me... was that we could send the newest anti-aircraft missiles to egypt, a capitalist country, but not to vietnam.
our commanders used to say... that it was because there was a danger they would fall into the hands of the chinese.
despite feeble protestations to the contrary, the promises of the great society have been shot down on the battlefields of vietnam.
the pursuit of this widened war has narrowed the promised dimensions of the domestic welfare programs, making the poor... white and negro - bear the heaviest burdens both at the front and at home.
desperate to put more pressure on hanoi, in august johnson extended the bombing of the north to within 10 miles of the chinese border.
"first i would like to make it clear that these air strikes are... not intended as any threat to communist china, and they do not in fact... pose any threat to that country.
we believe that peking knows that... the united states does not seek to widen the war in vietnam."
johnson was weakened by the growth of the anti-war movement in america.
"come on, mothers, throughout the land pack your boys off to vietnam
come on, fathers, don't hesitate send your sons off before it's too late
in public johnson staged a show of optimism and support for general westmoreland and his troops.
"the enemy is not beaten but he knows that he has met... his master in the field.
he is trying to buy time, hoping that our nation's will does not match his will."
in 1968, in the fields and on the rivers, massive preparations were being made by the communists for concerted attacks throughout south vietnam.
weapons, ammunition and supplies were moved to the south for an offensive planned for the vietnamese new year, tet.
the communists hoped to spark a general uprising across the country.
i made a mistake in not making that known to the american public, because they were caught by surprise.
the strength of the tet offensive came as a shock to westmoreland and the american public.
on television they saw their south vietnamese allies fighting the viet cong in the streets of saigon itself.
worse still, they saw the american embassy penetrated by viet cong commandos.
now cia men and mps have gone into the embassy and are trying to get the snipers out by themselves.
with the tet offensive at its height, leading american politicians were turning on the president.
"it is said the viet cong will not be able to hold the cities, and that is probably true.
but they have demonstrated that despite all of our reports of progress, of government strength, and of enemy weakness, that half a million american soldiers, with 700,000 vietnamese allies, with total command of the air,
total command of the sea, backed by the huge resources and the most modern weapons, that we are unable to secure even a single city from the attacks of an enemy whose total strength is about 250,000.
the fiercest battle was to recapture the ancient city of hue.
"how long do you think it's going to take you to get through this city?"
"we'll be here another few weeks anyway, cleaning it out it'll take a little while to get out of here."
their main objective - to inspire a nationwide uprising - had failed.
but johnson had been stunned by the scale of the offensive.
the plan was just to stay with it and ultimately... hoping that the enemy would finally give up.
johnson was persuaded that the war could not be won on the battlefield, and that he must negotiate.
"i renew the offer i made last august to stop the bombardment of north vietnam.
we ask that talks begin promptly, hat they be serious talks on the substance of peace."
but the united states was not prepared to abandon the south.
as the difficult negotiations continued, the republicans were campaigning for the presidency.
before this election and before his term ends, and that certainly no candidate for president and certainly i will not make any statement that might pull the rug out from under him, and that might destroy the chance to bring the war to a conclusion."
in fact, nixon's campaign team was having secret talks with the south vietnamese government.
i was in touch with the republicans, with the entourage of mr. nixon and the republican urge us to stand firm.
the worst point... was... at least for lyndon johnson was, when he realized that negotiations were stalled... and i do know this, that he heard
bev has hired an army of lawyers to gut this firm.
an agreement has been reached in the matter of crane vs. crane.
shirley, first thing in the morning, even haven't had my coffee.
normally i'd make a witty retort about caffeine and your aging reproductive system, but not today, alan.
if you were old enough to screw my husband, you were old enough to understand what you were signing.
your husband talked me into doing quite a few things i didn't understand.
i want you to find out if my daughter is using drugs again.
brad... if this year has taught me anything, it's that you will get the job done by any means necessary.
this one has some good advice on the early stages, when you're detoxing and... and all that wonderful stuff.
and, uh, this one is really good for that time rights after you've stopped.
uh, but, uh, what finally did it for me was when
i was building an end table for my father for his television remote, his nebulizer 'cause he has, uh, some asthma.
i was a lieutenant in second reconnaissance battalion of the first marine expeditionary force.
under enemy mortar, artillery and small arms fire, we breached minefields, trenches, barbed wire and disabled six enemy divisions.
by the morning of the 28th, from a hundred hours after the ground operations had begun, our coalition forces had destroyed 42 enemy divisions.
that's the bulk of the iraqi army in the kuwaiti theater of operations.
however, i believe our goal was to get these photos out of the public eye.
i'm afraid with a court battle, a very public court battle, these photos could find their way to the press.
this felon was higher than a kite when he got zapped.
he has six prior convictions for larceny, burglary and grand theft auto.
i want to thank my client miguel dominguez for bravely agreeing to be here today.
mr. dominguez suffers from severe paralysis and a host of other debilitating symptoms as the result of his electrocution.
and as far as the talking points, keep it simple, denny.
speak of the opposition as the drug crazed intruder, the incident as the harrowing home invasion.
i doubt many people would want to live in denny's reality.
all i know is there are two rotten guys in this case, and both sides are trying to make theirs as the hero.
i'm afraid she'll get nervous and fall back on old habits.
she'll call in the old guard, one of the cronies in banking and finance, someone who smells like old pipe smoke and hair tonic, someone with a florid nose from too many old fashioned at lunch down the street.
and then, marguerite, the old crony will discover how deeply in debt you are.
and once he learns this, my replacement will make a few phone calls, write a few letters and seek out your husband's most distant and forgotten relative.
perhaps a less fortunate cousin who always admired but could never afford one of your husband's beautiful artworks.
and my replacement will reach out to him and commiserate and convince him to contest your husband's will.
these photographs are yours to do with what you please, and you should get a fair market price.
so, before i simply give up and call it a day...
and how many of you have seen opposing counsel denny crane on the news?
juror number seven, can you tell us what opinions you've formed?
it's really good, but my parents are supposed to supply the wine.
would they mind if we served a few bottles of magali's wine?
i wonder if we shouldn't concentrate our guests on the other side.
but some people may want to be alone on this side of the garden.
i studied law in lyon, then worked for corporations, mostly abroad.
i recently came back to france after splitting with my wife in egypt.
after high-school i got married and lived in a small town in eastern france.
when my husband died, i came back to my dad's, who later died.
i haven't had a type since i found mine 24 years ago.
now i'm more afraid of men who aren't like my husband, than those who are.
but by nature i'm a dreamer, in the city or the country.
it seems to me that country folk... dream a lot less than city folk.
maybe for the tidbits of life, the part that is half dreamt, half lived.
but for the basics, and i don't say one's more profound than the other,
i wonder if we shouldn't concentrate our guests on the other side.
but some people may want to be alone on this side of the garden.
i studied law in lyon, then worked for corporations, mostly abroad.
i recently came back to france after splitting with my wife in egypt.
after high-school i got married and lived in a small town in eastern france.
when my husband died, i came back to my dad's, who later died.
i haven't had a type since i found mine 24 years ago.
now i'm more afraid of men who aren't like my husband, than those who are.
i had to find out the truth, even if it meant destroying everything.
i had a hunch about it in the car, but didn't want to say it, as he'd have denied it, and i didn't want to make him lie.
this was the most blown operation i've ever been involved with.
why would i want to watch my friends be killed over and over again?
for example, you should be seeing yourself here as a child, ... . . or become a child again.
daniel, i'm guessing here, ... . . but i think we're in an advanced recreation... . . being pumped into our minds by those machines.
daniel, correct me if i'm wrong, ... . . but i'll bet when this really happened you didn't have this audience.
i think that we must be in some sort of... . . really advanced simulation, like a... virtual reality.
you are a very stubborn, ... . . unimaginative and non-competitive race.
why do you refuse... . . to enjoy the opportunities that i have given you?
we're not gonna stick around for the next thousand of anyone's years!
so, until we came along, you've only had your own minds, ... . . your own experiences, to provide scenarios for your virtual lives?
perhaps due to the change in your mind that jolinar of malk-shur left behind.
but fear not, there is no block against input... . . into your minds.
our planet was destroyed by a chemical disaster... . . 1022 years ago.
we were victims of our own technology advancing faster than we could control it.
um, if you keep us here, ... . . you won't be able to prevent us from interacting with them.
i mean, especially if we're supposed to be new software for them.
it sounds to me like we have to get more information... . . to make this decision, folks.
the only way to gain more information... . . would be to venture back into the artificial world of p7j-989.
general, ... . . without meaning, ... . . this time, to sound like a smartass, ... . . are you cracked?
folks, i don't need to tell you... . . how valuable a resource this planet could be for us.
it is my understanding that we could only experience past events.
the keeper said we could experience anything we can remember or imagine.
colonel, who else are you gonna get to play street hockey with... . . who can kick your butt the way i can?
captain carter, ... . . think what it would be like to never grow old.
because it was our kind that damaged the planet in the first place.
if i let them out, they will only hurt it again.
why would i want to watch my friends be killed over and over again?
you have always wished to do it again, in order to do it... differently.
daniel, correct me if i'm wrong,... .. but i'll bet when this really happened you didn't have this audience.
i think that we must be in some sort of... .. really advanced simulation, like a... virtual reality.
you are a very stubborn,... .. unimaginative and non- competitive race.
why do you refuse... .. to enjoy the opportunities that i have given you?
the devices that enwrap you serve to nourish and stimulate your senses.
the devices implanted in your brains... .. channel experience and imagination into and out of your minds.
imagine being in a room for 1000 years with only five movies.
how long could you watch them until you were bored silly?
it is i that am sorry, for i am not able to accommodate your request.
i am sure you will be able to enjoy the many adventures you will have here.
we were victims of our own technology advancing faster than we could control it.
at that time, the few of us left placed our physical bodies in suspended animation.
removing them could be like... .. taking a patient off life- support.
it sounds to me like we have to get more information... .. to make this decision, folks.
uh,... .. general,... .. without meaning,... .. this time, to sound like a smartass,... .. are you cracked?
folks, i don't need to tell you... .. how valuable a resource this planet could be for us.
colonel, who else are you gonna get to play street hockey with... .. who can kick your butt the way i can?
captain carter,... .. think what it would be like to never grow old.
because it was our kind that damaged the planet in the first place.
if i let them out, they will only hurt it again.
this was the most blown operation i've ever been involved with.
why would i want to watch my friends be killed over and over again?
daniel, correct me if i'm wrong,... ..but i'll bet when this really happened you didn't have this audience.
i think that we must be in some sort of... ..really advanced simulation, like a... virtual reality.
we're not gonna stick around for the next thousand of anyone's years!
so, until we came along, you've only had your own minds,... ..your own experiences, to provide scenarios for your virtual lives?
perhaps due to the change in your mind that jolinar of malk-shur left behind.
but fear not, there is no block against input... ..into your minds.
our planet was destroyed by a chemical disaster... ..1022 years ago.
we were victims of our own technology advancing faster than we could control it.
um, if you keep us here,... ..you won't be able to prevent us from interacting with them.
i mean, especially if we're supposed to be new software for them.
it sounds to me like we have to get more information... ..to make this decision, folks.
the only way to gain more information... ..would be to venture back into the artificial world of p7j-989.
it is my understanding that we could only experience past events.
the keeper said we could experience anything we can remember or imagine.
dr jackson, you gotta admit,... ..i used to make you laugh.
colonel, who else are you gonna get to play street hockey with... ..who can kick your butt the way i can?
because it was our kind that damaged the planet in the first place.
if i let them out, they will only hurt it again.
this was the most blown operation i've ever been involved with.
why would i want to watch my friends be killed over and over again?
daniel, correct me if i'm wrong,... ..but i'll bet when this really happened you didn't have this audience.
i think that we must be in some sort of... ..really advanced simulation, like a... virtual reality.
we're not gonna stick around for the next thousand of anyone's years!
so, until we came along, you've only had your own minds,... ..your own experiences, to provide scenarios for your virtual lives?
perhaps due to the change in your mind that jolinar of malk-shur left behind.
but fear not, there is no block against input... ..into your minds.
our planet was destroyed by a chemical disaster... ..1022 years ago.
we were victims of our own technology advancing faster than we could control it.
um, if you keep us here,... ..you won't be able to prevent us from interacting with them.
i mean, especially if we're supposed to be new software for them.
it sounds to me like we have to get more information... ..to make this decision, folks.
the only way to gain more information... ..would be to venture back into the artificial world of p7j-989.
it is my understanding that we could only experience past events.
the keeper said we could experience anything we can remember or imagine.
dr jackson, you gotta admit,... ..i used to make you laugh.
colonel, who else are you gonna get to play street hockey with... ..who can kick your butt the way i can?
because it was our kind that damaged the planet in the first place.
if i let them out, they will only hurt it again.
they keep boris here during the day, take him underground at night.
our bird confirmed on its last flyover, no snipers, only two guards.
this was the most blown operation i've ever been involved with.
why would i want to watch my friends be killed over and over again?
for example, you should be seeing yourself here as a child,... ..or become a child again.
daniel, i'm guessing here,... ..but i think we're in an advanced recreation... ..being pumped into our minds by those machines.
you have taken on the role of daniel jackson... ..as a child in this...simulation.
i used to replay this over and over in my mind,... ..trying to think what i could've done to make a difference.
we're not gonna stick around for the next thousand of anyone's years!
so, until we came along, you've only had your own minds,... ..your own experiences, to provide scenarios for your virtual lives?
perhaps due to the change in your mind that jolinar of malk- shur left behind.
but fear not, there is no block against input... ..into your minds.
our planet was destroyed by a chemical disaster... ..1022 years ago.
we were victims of our own technology advancing faster than we could control it.
um, if you keep us here,... ..you won't be able to prevent us from interacting with them.
i mean, especially if we're supposed to be new software for them.
it sounds to me like we have to get more information... ..to make this decision, folks.
the only way to gain more information... ..would be to venture back into the artificial world of p7j- 989.
put them in isolation where they can speak to no- one!
o'neill,... ..you seem quite confident that we are not on earth.
it is my understanding that we could only experience past events.
the keeper said we could experience anything we can remember or imagine.
dr jackson, you gotta admit,... ..i used to make you laugh.
colonel, who else are you gonna get to play street hockey with... ..who can kick your butt the way i can?
why would i want to watch my friends be killed over and over again?
you have always wished to do it again, in order to do it... differently.
you have taken on the role of daniel jackson as a child in this... simulation.
i used to replay this over and over in my mind, trying to think what i could've done to make a difference.
the devices that enwrap you serve to nourish and stimulate your senses.
the devices implanted in your brains channel experience and imagination into and out of your minds.
imagine being in a room for 1,000 years with only five movies.
how long could you watch them until you were bored silly?
it is i that am sorry, for i am not able to accommodate your request.
i am sure you will be able to enjoy the many adventures you will have here.
we were victims of our own technology advancing faster than we could control it.
at that time, the few of us left placed our physical bodies in suspended animation.
uh, general, without meaning,... .. this time, to sound like a smart-ass, are you cracked?
folks, i don't need to tell you how valuable a resource this planet could be for us.
colonel, who else are you gonna get to play street hockey with who can kick your butt the way i can?
captain carter, think what it would be like to never grow old.
because it was our kind that damaged the planet in the first place.
if i let them out, they will only hurt it again.
they keep boris here during the day, take him underground at night.
our bird confirmed on its last flyover, no snipers, only two guards.
why would i want to watch my friends be killed over and over again?
you have always wished to do it again, in order to do it... differently.
for example, you should be seeing yourself here as a child,... ..or become a child again.
daniel, i'm guessing here,... ..but i think we're in an advanced recreation... ..being pumped into our minds by those machines.
you have taken on the role of daniel jackson... ..as a child in this... simulation.
i used to replay this over and over in my mind,... ..trying to think what i could've done to make a difference.
the devices that enwrap you serve to nourish and stimulate your senses.
the devices implanted in your brains... ..channel experience and imagination into and out of your minds.
imagine being in a room for 1000 years with only five movies.
how long could you watch them until you were bored silly?
it is i that am sorry, for i am not able to accommodate your request.
i am sure you will be able to enjoy the many adventures you will have here.
we were victims of our own technology advancing faster than we could control it.
at that time, the few of us left placed our physical bodies in suspended animation.
uh,... ..general,... ..without meaning,... ..this time, to sound like a smartass,... ..are you cracked?
folks, i don't need to tell you... ..how valuable a resource this planet could be for us.
colonel, who else are you gonna get to play street hockey with... ..who can kick your butt the way i can?
captain carter,... ..think what it would be like to never grow old.
anyway, listen, we're here for the kids because, uh, they're the future and they deserve... they deserves a new playground, really.
so that they can slide and swing upside down and break their necks.
you can lock up your tiny little prisoners in there, although i think it's gonna be easy for them to get out.
everything my wife touches falls off, so you can guess how scared i am.
anyway, listen, we're here for the kids because, uh, they're the future and they deserve£­£­ they deserves a new playground, really.
so that they can slide and swing upside down and break their necks.
angry protesters clashed with police for a second day in the sudanese capital of khartoum.
the u.s. destroyed a suspected chemical weapons factory in this city.
now, i know we have a number of war heroes here tonight.
but i assure you, this is not the time for senseless acts of valour.
i have taken over the sudanese embassy on behalf of general hyad zulake and the sudanese freedom party.
we have 38 individuals in our protection who will be released unharmed provided our demands are met.
now, before the united states government decides to launch a rescue operation, you should be aware that we are prepared to die and take everyone in this embassy with us.
i am confident, therefore, that we can reach a peaceful resolution.
right now the entire world is pointing fingers and throwing accusations at general zulake.
he'll deny everything, of course, but the damage will be done.
ambassador moshak calls himself a man of the people, but he is nothing more than a puppet of the american government.
general hyad zulake is the only man with the courage, the power and the knowledge to save our country and our people from being destroyed.
he murdered professor dubotu to silence him and now he's going to murder me too.
i offered to show you that we are merciful by releasing the ambassador, but he refused.
i assure you we will not let this senseless act of violence go unavenged.
what general zulake has tried to destroy will become even more powerful.
harm, we're the only ones who know this is a scam.
the terrorist attack at the sudanese embassy in washington, d. c., appears to be the latest act of aggression in an ongoing jihad aimed against the united states.
if they attack, there's a chance the israelis could lend the general a hand.
we're gonna have an all-out holy war that could escalate beyond africa and draw in half the middle east.
sir, the secretary of the navy is on his way over here.
looks like your people were in the wrong place at the wrong time again, admiral.
but your people have an uncanny knack for being where the trouble is.
i prefer to think of them as where they're most needed.
your country wants ambassador moshak to be president because he pretends to be american-friendly.
compared to general zulake, he is the lesser of two evils.
the figure is wearing what looks like a military uniform and appears to be lighting a cigarette or a cigar.
sir, that's a navy dress uniform and those are jag shoulder boards.
the professor will remain a guest of the embassy for a couple of days until things have settled.
then his body will be found in a motel room, along with this.
a few weeks later, somebody ripped off some ebola virus from a research lab in delaware.
you knew this and you allowed my people to go in there?
our people are starving and struggling to survive every day with no food, no medicine, no hope.
and you, you're sentencing them to death, your own brothers and sisters.
she was so good at so many things... and all she ever heard from us is, "everybody's equal."
and why does she have to feel superior to someone... in order to feel good about herself?
- why don't we go out there and have a good time?
no one gets on the wheaties box by havin' a good time.
# for a long time we've been marching off to battle
# in our thundering herd we feel a lot like cattle [mooing]
# bet the local girls thought you were quite the charmer
# and i'll bet the ladies love a man in armor [men] # you can guess what we have missed the most
- # since we went off to war - [wolf whistle]
- [ling] # what do we want - # a girl worth fighting for
- ¡ó with good fortune ¡ó - ¡ó and a great hairdo ¡ó
[ together ] ¡ó you'll bring honor to us all ¡ó
- ¡ó with good breeding ¡ó - ¡ó and a tiny waist ¡ó
- [ gasps ] - ¡ó you'll bring honor to us all ¡ó
- ¡ó please bring honor to us ¡ó - ¡ó please bring honor to us ¡ó
- ¡ó please bring honor to us ¡ó - ¡ó please bring honor to us ¡ó
[ clears throat, deepens voice ] i mean, uh, sorry you had to see that.
but you know how it is when you get those manly urges and you just gotta kill somethin',
¡ó boy, was i a fool in school for cutting gym ¡ó
[ mushu ] ¡ó this guy's got 'em scared to death ¡ó
[ mulan ] ¡ó hope he doesn't see right through me ¡ó
¡ó now i really wish that i knew how to swim ¡ó
- [ men ] ¡ó be a man ¡ó - ¡ó we must be swift as a coursing river ¡ó
- ¡ó be a man ¡ó - ¡ó with all the force of a great typhoon ¡ó
- [ men ] ¡ó be a man ¡ó - ¡ó we must be swift as a coursing river ¡ó
- ¡ó be a man ¡ó - ¡ó with all the force of a great typhoon ¡ó
- ¡ó be a man ¡ó - ¡ó with all the strength of a raging fire ¡ó
- ¡ó mysterious as the dark side ¡ó - [ men cheering ]
- ¡ó be a man ¡ó - ¡ó with all the force of a great typhoon ¡ó
- ¡ó be a man ¡ó ¡ó with all the strength of a raging fire ¡ó
- those boys... are no more fit to be soldiers than you are to be captain.
once the general reads my report, your troops will never see battle.
¡ó for a long time we've been marching off to battle ¡ó
- ¡ó ln our thundering herd we feel a lot like cattle ¡ó - [ mooing ]
¡ó and i'll bet the ladies love a man in armor ¡ó
[ men ] ¡ó you can guess what we have missed the most ¡ó
- ¡ó since we went off to war ¡ó - [ wolf whistle ]
- [ ling ] ¡ó what do we want ¡ó - ¡ó a girl worth fighting for ¡ó
¡ó uh, how 'bout a girl who's got a brain ¡ó
- ¡ó who always speaks her mind ¡ó - [ together ] nah !
¡ó yeah, the only girl who'd love him is his mother ¡ó
[ men ] ¡ó but when we come home in victory ¡ó
- ¡ó wish that i had ¡ó - ¡ó a girl worth fighting for ¡ó
- ¡ó¡ó [ whistling ] - ¡ó a girl worth fighting-- ¡ó¡ó
who knew you'd end up shaming' him and disgracing your ancestors... and losin' all your friends ?
you know, you just gotta-- you gotta learn to let these things go.
take this, so your family will know what you have done for me.
and this, so the world will know what you have done for china.
- [ clucking ] - [ great ancestor ] mushu !
[ man ] ¡ó whenever you feel your world is crashing' down on you ¡ó
[ man ] ¡ó whenever you feel your world is crashing' down on you ¡ó
¡ó whenever you don't know where to turn or what to do ¡ó
- ¡ó just be true to your heart ¡ó - ¡ó true to your heart ¡ó
- ¡ó just be true ¡ó - ¡ó¡ó [ scatting ]
- those boys... are no more fit to be soldiers than you are to be captain.
once the general reads my report... your troops will never see battle.
"it'd mean a lot if you'd come and back us up."
great, but you forgot, "since we're out of potpourri, perhaps you could bring up some."
the general may be your father, but i am the emperor's counsel.
and by the way, i got that job on my own.
then take this, so your family will know what you have done for me.
and this, so the world will know what you have done for china.
the general may be your father, but i am the emperor's counsel.
and, oh, by the way, i got that job on my own.
# and i'll bet the ladies love a man in armor [men] # you can guess what we have missed the most
- # since we went off to war - [wolf whistle]
who knew you'd end up shaming' him, disgracing your ancestors and losin' all your friends?
you know, you just gotta... you gotta learn to let these things go.
those boys are no more fit to be soldiers than you are to be captain.
once the general reads my report, your troops will never see battle.
who knew you'd end up shaming' him, disgracing your ancestors and losin' all your friends?
you know, you just gotta... you gotta learn to let these things go.
then... take this, so your family will know what you have done for me.
and this, so the world will know what you have done for china.
¡ó now i really wish that i knew how to swim ¡ó
- ¡ó be a man ¡ó -¡ó we must be swift as a coursing river ¡ó
-¡ó be a man ¡ó -¡ó with all the force of a great typhoon ¡ó
-¡ó be a man ¡ó -¡ó with all the strength of a raging fire ¡ó
-¡ó be a man ¡ó -¡ó with all the force of a great typhoon ¡ó
-¡ó be a man ¡ó -¡ó with all the strength of a raging fire ¡ó
-¡ó be a man ¡ó -¡ó we must be swift as a coursing river ¡ó
-¡ó be a man ¡ó -¡ó with all the force of a great typhoon ¡ó
-those boys... are no more fit to be soldiers than you are to be captain.
once the general reads my report, your troops will never see battle.
it would mean a lot if you'd come and back us up."
that's great, except you forgot, "and since we're out of potpourri, perhaps you wouldn't mind bringing up some."
¡ó bet the local girls thought you were quite the charmer ¡ó
¡ó and i'll bet the ladies love a man in armor ¡ó
-¡ó we must be swift as a coursing river ¡ó -¡ó be a man ¡ó
-¡ó with all the force of a great typhoon ¡ó -¡ó be a man ¡ó
then... take this, so your family will know what you have done for me.
and this, so the world will know what you have done for china.
¡ó whenever you feel your world is crashing' down on you ¡ó
¡ó whenever you feel your world is crashing' down on you ¡ó
- those boys... are no more fit to be soldiers than you are to be captain.
once the general reads my report, your troops will never see battle.
it would mean a lot if you'd come and back us up. "
that's great, except you forgot, "and since we're out of potpourri, perhaps you wouldn't mind bringing up some. "
who knew you'd end up shaming' him and disgracing your ancestors... and losin' all your friends?
you know, you just gotta- you gotta learn to let these things go.
then... take this, so your family will know what you have done for me.
and this, so the world will know what you have done for china.
- those boys... are no more fit to be soldiers than you are to be captain.
once the general reads my report... your troops will never see battle.
"it'd mean a lot if you'd come and back us up."
great, but you forgot, "since we're out of potpourri, perhaps you could bring up some."
the general may be your father, but i am the emperor's counsel.
and, oh, by the way, i got that job on my own.
those boys are no more fit to be soldiers than you are to be captain.
once the general reads my report, your troops will never see battle.
# for a long time we've been marching off to battle
# in our thundering herd we feel a lot like cattle [mooing]
# bet the local girls thought you were quite the charmer
# and i'll bet the ladies love a man in armor [men] # you can guess what we have missed the most
- # since we went off to war - [wolf whistle]
- [ling] # what do we want - # a girl worth fighting for
then... take this, so your family will know what you have done for me.
and this, so the world will know what you have done for china.
the general may be your father, but i am the emperor's counsel.
and, oh, by the way, i got that job on my own.
- ¡ó with good fortune ¡ó - ¡ó and a great hairdo ¡ó
[ together ] ¡ó you'll bring honor to us all ¡ó
- ¡ó with good breeding ¡ó - ¡ó and a tiny waist ¡ó
- [ gasps ] - ¡ó you'll bring honor to us all ¡ó
- ¡ó please bring honor to us ¡ó - ¡ó please bring honor to us ¡ó
- ¡ó please bring honor to us ¡ó - ¡ó please bring honor to us ¡ó
[ great ancestor ] great stone dragon, have you awakened ?
[ mushu ] uh, uh, uh, uh-- yes, i just woke up.
[ mushu ] ¡ó this guy's got 'em scared to death ¡ó
[ mulan ] ¡ó hope he doesn't see right through me ¡ó
¡ó now i really wish that i knew how to swim ¡ó
- [ men ] ¡ó be a man ¡ó - ¡ó we must be swift as a coursing river ¡ó
- ¡ó be a man ¡ó - ¡ó with all the force of a great typhoon ¡ó
- ¡ó be a man ¡ó - ¡ó with all the strength of a raging fire ¡ó
- ¡ó be a man ¡ó - ¡ó with all the force of a great typhoon ¡ó
- ¡ó be a man ¡ó - ¡ó with all the strength of a raging fire ¡ó
- ¡ó be a man ¡ó - ¡ó we must be swift as a coursing river ¡ó
- ¡ó be a man ¡ó - ¡ó with all the force of a great typhoon ¡ó
- ¡ó be a man ¡ó ¡ó with all the strength of a raging fire ¡ó
- ¡ó mysterious as the dark side ¡ó - [ all grunting ]
the general may be your father, but i am the emperor's counsel.
and, oh, by the way, [ scoffs ] i got that job on my own.
it would mean a lot if you'd come and back us up."
that's great, except you forgot, "and since we're out of potpourri, perhaps you wouldn't mind bringing up some."
¡ó bet the local girls thought you were quite the charmer ¡ó
¡ó and i'll bet the ladies love a man in armor ¡ó
[ men ] ¡ó you can guess what we have missed the most ¡ó
- ¡ó since we went off to war ¡ó - [ wolf whistle ]
¡ó l've a girl back home who's unlike any other ¡ó
¡ó yeah, the only girl who'd love him is his mother ¡ó
- ¡ó what do we want ¡ó - ¡ó a girl worth fighting for ¡ó
- ¡ó wish that i had ¡ó - ¡ó a girl worth fighting for ¡ó
who knew you'd end up shaming' him and disgracing your ancestors... and losin' all your friends ?
you know, you just gotta-- you gotta learn to let these things go.
with all due respect, your excellency, i think i've been away from home long enough.
then... take this, so your family will know what you have done for me.
and this, so the world will know what you have done for china.
[ emperor chuckles ] ls she allowed to do that ?
[ man ] ¡ó whenever you feel your world is crashing' down on you ¡ó
[ man ] ¡ó whenever you feel your world is crashing' down on you ¡ó
¡ó whenever you don't know where to turn or what to do ¡ó
¡ó whenever you don't know where to turn or what to do ¡ó
¡ó be true to your heart you must be true to your heart ¡ó
¡ó be true to your heart you must be true to your heart ¡ó
¡ó open your eyes your heart can tell you no lies ¡ó
¡ó open your eyes your heart can tell you no lies ¡ó
¡ó then you've got all you need to make it through ¡ó
¡ó then you've got all you need to make it through ¡ó
¡ó l can do that for you if you believe in me ¡ó
¡ó l can do that for you if you believe in me ¡ó
¡ó be true to your heart you must be true to your heart ¡ó
¡ó be true to your heart you must be true to your heart ¡ó
¡ó open your eyes your heart can tell you no lies ¡ó
¡ó open your eyes your heart can tell you no lies ¡ó
¡ó then you've got all you need to make it through ¡ó
¡ó then you've got all you need to make it through ¡ó
- ¡ó you've got to be true ¡ó - ¡ó baby ¡ó
- ¡ó you've got to be true ¡ó - ¡ó baby ¡ó
¡ó be true to your heart you must be true to your heart ¡ó
¡ó be true to your heart you must be true to your heart ¡ó
¡ó open your eyes your heart will tell you no lies ¡ó
¡ó open your eyes your heart will tell you no lies ¡ó
¡ó then you've got all you need to make it through ¡ó
¡ó then you've got all you need to make it through ¡ó
- ¡ó when all the world around you ¡ó - ¡ó yeah ¡ó
- ¡ó when all the world around you ¡ó - ¡ó yeah ¡ó
- ¡ó just be true to your heart ¡ó - ¡ó true to your heart ¡ó
- ¡ó just be true to your heart ¡ó - ¡ó true to your heart ¡ó
- ¡ó just be true ¡ó - ¡ó¡ó [ scatting ]
- ¡ó just be true ¡ó - ¡ó¡ó [ scatting ]
¡ó you may think you see who i really am ¡ó
¡ó you may think you see who i really am ¡ó
¡ó lf l wear a mask i can fool the world ¡ó
¡ó lf l wear a mask i can fool the world ¡ó
¡ó ln a world where l have to hide my heart ¡ó
¡ó ln a world where l have to hide my heart ¡ó
¡ó now i really wish that i knew how to swim ¡ó
- ¡ó be a man ¡ó -¡ó we must be swift as a coursing river ¡ó
-¡ó be a man ¡ó -¡ó with all the force of a great typhoon ¡ó
-¡ó be a man ¡ó -¡ó with all the strength of a raging fire ¡ó
-¡ó be a man ¡ó -¡ó with all the force of a great typhoon ¡ó
-¡ó be a man ¡ó -¡ó with all the strength of a raging fire ¡ó
-¡ó be a man ¡ó -¡ó we must be swift as a coursing river ¡ó
-¡ó be a man ¡ó -¡ó with all the force of a great typhoon ¡ó
-those boys... are no more fit to be soldiers than you are to be captain.
once the general reads my report, your troops will never see battle.
it would mean a lot if you'd come and back us up."
that's great, except you forgot, "and since we're out of potpourri, perhaps you wouldn't mind bringing up some."
¡ó bet the local girls thought you were quite the charmer ¡ó
¡ó and i'll bet the ladies love a man in armor ¡ó
-¡ó we must be swift as a coursing river ¡ó -¡ó be a man ¡ó
-¡ó with all the force of a great typhoon ¡ó -¡ó be a man ¡ó
then... take this, so your family will know what you have done for me.
and this, so the world will know what you have done for china.
¡ó whenever you feel your world is crashing' down on you ¡ó
¡ó whenever you feel your world is crashing' down on you ¡ó
those boys are no more fit to be soldiers than you are to be captain.
once the general reads my report, your troops will never see battle.
- those boys... are no more fit to be soldiers than you are to be captain.
once the general reads my report... your troops will never see battle.
"it'd mean a lot if you'd come and back us up."
great, but you forgot, "since we're out of potpourri, perhaps you could bring up some."
- those boys... are no more fit to be soldiers than you are to be captain.
once the general reads my report, your troops will never see battle.
it would mean a lot if you'd come and back us up. "
that's great, except you forgot, "and since we're out of potpourri, perhaps you wouldn't mind bringing up some. "
who knew you'd end up shaming' him and disgracing your ancestors... and losin' all your friends?
you know, you just gotta- you gotta learn to let these things go.
then... take this, so your family will know what you have done for me.
and this, so the world will know what you have done for china.
[clears throat, deepens voice] i mean, uh, sorry you had to see that.
but you know how it is when you get those manly urges and you just gotta kill somethin',
-[men] ¡ó be a man ¡ó -¡ó we must be swift as a coursing river ¡ó
-¡ó be a man ¡ó -¡ó with all the force of a great typhoon ¡ó
-[men] ¡ó be a man ¡ó -¡ó we must be swift as a coursing river ¡ó
-¡ó be a man ¡ó -¡ó with all the force of a great typhoon ¡ó
-¡ó be a man ¡ó -¡ó with all the force of a great typhoon ¡ó
-¡ó be a man ¡ó ¡ó with all the strength of a raging fire ¡ó
the general may be your father, but i am the emperor's counsel.
and, oh, by the way, [scoffs] i got that job on my own.
it would mean a lot if you'd come and back us up."
that's great, except you forgot, "and since we're out of potpourri, perhaps you wouldn't mind bringing up some."
¡ó for a long time we've been marching off to battle ¡ó
-¡ó in our thundering herd we feel a lot like cattle ¡ó -[mooing]
¡ó and i'll bet the ladies love a man in armor ¡ó
[men] ¡ó you can guess what we have missed the most ¡ó
-¡ó we must be swift as a coursing river ¡ó -¡ó be a man ¡ó
-¡ó with all the force of a great typhoon ¡ó -¡ó be a man ¡ó
then... take this, so your family will know what you have done for me.
and this, so the world will know what you have done for china.
[man] ¡ó whenever you feel your world is crashing' down on you ¡ó
¡ó whenever you don't know where to turn or what to do ¡ó
. ¡ó and show the world what you believe in ¡ó
. ¡ó open your eyes your heart can tell you no lies ¡ó
. ¡ó and show the world what you believe in ¡ó
. ¡ó open your eyes your heart can tell you no lies ¡ó
-¡ó please bring honor to us ¡ó -¡ó please bring honor to us ¡ó
-¡ó please bring honor to us ¡ó -¡ó please bring honor to us ¡ó
- ¡ó be a man ¡ó -¡ó we must be swift as a coursing river ¡ó
-¡ó be a man ¡ó -¡ó with all the force of a great typhoon ¡ó
- ¡ó be a man ¡ó -¡ó we must be swift as a coursing river ¡ó
-¡ó be a man ¡ó -¡ó with all the force of a great typhoon ¡ó
-¡ó be a man ¡ó -¡ó with all the force of a great typhoon ¡ó
-¡ó be a man ¡ó ¡ó with all the strength of a raging fire ¡ó
the general may be your father, but i am the emperor's counsel.
and, oh, by the way, i got that job on my own.
¡ó for a long time we've been marching off to battle ¡ó
-¡ó in our thundering herd we feel a lot like cattle ¡ó
¡ó and i'll bet the ladies love a man in armor ¡ó
¡ó you can guess what we have missed the most ¡ó
¡ó i've a girl back home who's unlike any other ¡ó
¡ó yeah, the only girl who'd love him is his mother ¡ó
-¡ó what do we want ¡ó -¡ó a girl worth fighting for ¡ó
-¡ó wish that i had ¡ó -¡ó a girl worth fighting for ¡ó
who knew you'd end up shaming' him and disgracing your ancestors... and losin' all your friends?
you know, you just gotta- you gotta learn to let these things go.
¡ó whenever you feel your world is crashing' down on you ¡ó
¡ó whenever you don't know where to turn or what to do ¡ó
. ¡ó and show the world what you believe in ¡ó
. ¡ó open your eyes your heart can tell you no lies ¡ó
. ¡ó and show the world what you believe in ¡ó
. ¡ó open your eyes your heart can tell you no lies ¡ó
(in deep voice) i mean, sorry you had to see that.
but you know how it is when you get those manly urges and you just gotta kill somethin',
the general may be your father, but i am the emperor's counsel.
and by the way, i got that job on my own.
"it would mean a lot if you'd come and back us up."
that's great, except you forgot, "and since we're out of potpourri,
then take this, so your family will know what you have done for me.
and this, so the world will know what you have done for china.
those boys are no more fit to be soldiers than you are to be captain.
once the general reads my report, your troops will never see battle.
# for a long time we've been marching off to battle
# in our thundering herd we feel a lot like cattle
# bet the local girls thought you were quite the charmer
# and i'll bet the ladies love a man in armor
then... take this, so your family will know what you have done for me.
and this, so the world will know what you have done for china.
-those boys are no more fit to be soldiers than you are to be captain.
once the general reads my report, your troops will never see battle.
"it would mean a lot if you'd come and back us up."
that's great, except you forgot, "and since we're out of potpourri,
- those boys... are no more fit to be soldiers than you are to be captain.
once the general reads my report, your troops will never see battle.
it would mean a lot if you'd come and back us up."
that's great, except you forgot, "and since we're out of potpourri, perhaps you wouldn't mind bringing up some. "
then... take this, so your family will know what you have done for me.
and this, so the world will know what you have done for china.
first of all, new york's the best, thank god i decided to stay,
first of all, new york's the best, thank god i decided to stay,
i know my parents are probably freaking out back in california,
i know my parents are probably freaking out back in california,
it was just a stupid crush, it didn't work out, that's all, over, next,
it was just a stupid crush, it didn't work out, that's all, over, next,
at the time, i didn't know what to make of it,
at the time, i didn't know what to make of it,
he wanted to know if he could access students' college application essays,
he wanted to know if he could access students' college application essays,
but the other day, when i asked you that question and you said yes,
but the other day, when i asked you that question and you said yes,
it was this weird "i'm the ra," which i've never been before,
it was this weird "i'm the ra," which i've never been before, and you're the new freshman.
that i read his essay behind his back and he didn't read mine.
that i read his essay behind his back and he didn't read mine.
i think he might have called the admissions office to get it.
i think he might have called the admissions office to get it.
yeah, i don't think you can let ben see that essay.
yeah, i don't think you can let ben see that essay.
this is coming from someone who doesn't have a crush on you.
this is coming from someone who doesn't have a crush on you.
no matter what, you can never be ashamed of the truth,
no matter what, you can never be ashamed of the truth,
we're trying to understand why you're so adamant about new york.
we're trying to understand why you're so adamant about new york.
we want to know where this need to be in manhattan comes from.
we want to know where this need to be in manhattan comes from.
if a letter i sent to a friend of mine has arrived.
if a letter i sent to a friend of mine has arrived.
i sent him an invitation and i just need to know that he got it.
i sent him an invitation and i just need to know that he got it.
who not only followed him across the country, who not only followed him across the country, who not only followed him across the country, but then began randomly sending him information about herself, but then began randomly sending him information about herself,
but then began randomly sending him information about herself, as if he'd ever asked for any.
mark, when you talk to her, make it sound as good as you can.
mark, when you talk to her, make it sound as good as you can.
maybe you guys would wanna come by the dorm and see where i live.
maybe you guys would wanna come by the dorm and see where i live.
so, anyway, i was curious, if you wouldn't mind, and don't take this personally, if you wouldn't mind, and don't take this personally, if you wouldn't mind, and don't take this personally,
just for tomorrow, maybe putting away a few of your skulls.
just for tomorrow, maybe putting away a few of your skulls.
just for tomorrow, maybe putting away a few of your skulls.
so i'm not going to presume that we can solve anything here.
so i'm not going to presume that we can solve anything here.
i'm just trying to give you all a safe place to hear each other out.
i'm just trying to give you all a safe place to hear each other out.
suddenly, out of nowhere, you have to be in new york.
suddenly, out of nowhere, you have to be in new york.
suddenly, out of nowhere, you have to be in new york.
you're not even sure if you're gonna be pre-med any more.
you're not even sure if you're gonna be pre-med any more.
you're not even sure if you're gonna be pre-med any more.
there was a guy from high school who i sort of had feelings for.
there was a guy from high school who i sort of had feelings for.
i don't think this young man is the reason felicity's chosen to stay.
i don't think this young man is the reason felicity's chosen to stay.
in fact, i don't know why you want to come home for thanksgiving.
in fact, i don't know why you want to come home for thanksgiving.
if you've decided to stay in new york, you should stay.
if you've decided to stay in new york, you should stay.
your parents just never expected you to break off on your own.
your parents just never expected you to break off on your own.
my parents have always expected me to break off on my own.
my parents have always expected me to break off on my own.
i love them, so you don't have to feel sorry for me.
i love them, so you don't have to feel sorry for me.
..is that i found out my birth mom's name last year,
..is that i found out my birth mom's name last year,
maybe, but i swear it was one of the dumbest things i've ever done.
maybe, but i swear it was one of the dumbest things i've ever done.
in their minds, you were just one more piece of straw
in their minds, you were just one more piece of straw in this whole miserable haystack.
i don't wanna have the same discussion every time i see you.
i don't wanna have the same discussion every time i see you.
if you'd stayed at home, room and board wouldn't have been an expense.
if you'd stayed at home, room and board wouldn't have been an expense.
it's silly, but i guess i expected she'd always do that,
it's silly, but i guess i expected she'd always do that,
i just don't understand it, why she's so hurt that i'm here,
i just don't understand it, why she's so hurt that i'm here,
i mean, i had you when i was 20 years old,...
i mean, i had you when i was 20 years old,... ..which i wouldn't trade for anything.
first of all, new york's the best, thank god i decided to stay,
first of all, new york's the best, thank god i decided to stay,
i know my parents are probably freaking out back in california,
i know my parents are probably freaking out back in california, so to reassure them new york isn't swallowing their daughter, so to reassure them new york isn't swallowing their daughter, so to reassure them new york isn't swallowing their daughter,
it was just a stupid crush, it didn't work out, that's all, over, next,
it was just a stupid crush, it didn't work out, that's all, over, next,
i thought things might be weird between me and julie, but we talked, and it turns out she's totally over ben, too, but we talked, and it turns out she's totally over ben, too,
but we talked, and it turns out she's totally over ben, too,
at the time, i didn't know what to make of it,
at the time, i didn't know what to make of it,
he wanted to know if he could access students' college application essays,
he wanted to know if he could access students' college application essays,
but the other day, when i asked you that question and you said yes,
but the other day, when i asked you that question and you said yes, it just... it makes it harder to talk to you.
it was this weird "i'm the ra," which i've never been before,
it was this weird "i'm the ra," which i've never been before,
i just think that maybe ben is uncomfortable that i read his essay behind his back and he didn't read mine.
that i read his essay behind his back and he didn't read mine.
that i read his essay behind his back and he didn't read mine.
i think he might have called the admissions office to get it.
i think he might have called the admissions office to get it.
i think he might have called the admissions office to get it.
yeah, i don't think you can let ben see that essay.
yeah, i don't think you can let ben see that essay.
this is coming from someone who doesn't have a crush on you.
this is coming from someone who doesn't have a crush on you.
no matter what, you can never be ashamed of the truth,
no matter what, you can never be ashamed of the truth,
we're trying to understand why you're so adamant about new york.
we're trying to understand why you're so adamant about new york.
we want to know where this need to be in manhattan comes from.
we want to know where this need to be in manhattan comes from.
i'm curious if you could tell me if a letter i sent to a friend of mine has arrived.
if a letter i sent to a friend of mine has arrived.
i sent him an invitation and i just need to know that he got it.
i sent him an invitation and i just need to know that he got it.
years from now, ben will look back on college and remember felicity porter as that obsessive girl with frizzy hair and remember felicity porter as that obsessive girl with frizzy hair and remember felicity porter as that obsessive girl with frizzy hair
who not only followed him across the country, who not only followed him across the country, who not only followed him across the country, but then began randomly sending him information about herself, but then began randomly sending him information about herself,
mark, when you talk to her, make it sound as good as you can.
mark, when you talk to her, make it sound as good as you can.
i was thinking, tomorrow, before we go meet with papaleo, maybe you guys would wanna come by the dorm and see where i live.
maybe you guys would wanna come by the dorm and see where i live.
just for tomorrow, maybe putting away a few of your skulls.
just for tomorrow, maybe putting away a few of your skulls.
so i'm not going to presume that we can solve anything here.
so i'm not going to presume that we can solve anything here.
so i'm not going to presume that we can solve anything here.
i'm just trying to give you all a safe place to hear each other out.
i'm just trying to give you all a safe place to hear each other out.
i'm just trying to give you all a safe place to hear each other out.
suddenly, out of nowhere, you have to be in new york.
suddenly, out of nowhere, you have to be in new york.
you're not even sure if you're gonna be pre-med any more.
you're not even sure if you're gonna be pre-med any more.
there was a guy from high school who i sort of had feelings for.
there was a guy from high school who i sort of had feelings for.
i don't think this young man is the reason felicity's chosen to stay.
i don't think this young man is the reason felicity's chosen to stay.
in fact, i don't know why you want to come home for thanksgiving.
in fact, i don't know why you want to come home for thanksgiving.
if you've decided to stay in new york, you should stay.
if you've decided to stay in new york, you should stay.
your parents just never expected you to break off on your own.
your parents just never expected you to break off on your own.
my parents have always expected me to break off on my own.
my parents have always expected me to break off on my own.
i love them, so you don't have to feel sorry for me.
i love them, so you don't have to feel sorry for me.
..is that i found out my birth mom's name last year,
..is that i found out my birth mom's name last year, and she lives in new york.
maybe, but i swear it was one of the dumbest things i've ever done.
maybe, but i swear it was one of the dumbest things i've ever done.
in their minds, you were just one more piece of straw
in their minds, you were just one more piece of straw
i don't wanna have the same discussion every time i see you.
i don't wanna have the same discussion every time i see you.
if you'd stayed at home, room and board wouldn't have been an expense.
if you'd stayed at home, room and board wouldn't have been an expense.
it's silly, but i guess i expected she'd always do that,
it's silly, but i guess i expected she'd always do that,
it's silly, but i guess i expected she'd always do that,
i just don't understand it, why she's so hurt that i'm here,
i just don't understand it, why she's so hurt that i'm here,
i just don't understand it, why she's so hurt that i'm here,
i mean, i had you when i was 20 years old,...
i mean, i had you when i was 20 years old,...
its the light and the darkness together that create colours and render the world recognisable.
in physics, colours can be measured but colours possess other qualities and properties which cannot be measured, but which we sense immediately.
when the sun rises in the east, we may have the good fortune to observe a very special phenomenon;
for a moment, the orange red light of the sun plays directly upon the cliff and our shadows appear to be greenish blue.
there is now a grey shadow on each side of the cone.
if we add a green filter to the left hand lamp the whole setup is bathed in green light, except for the part that is in the shade of the cone,
this time, when we switch the light on the right, which is still white, our vision creates a magenta shade where there is room for it, namely, in the grey shadow.
if we were to zoom in until we can't see the surroundings anymore [simulated] but only the shadow itself, it stops looking magenta and turns grey again.
goethe is most famous for his poetry, but he also spent forty years drawing up a theory of colours and apart from faust, he regarded it as is most important work.
the phenomenon of coloured shadows led goethe to the view that colours are part of our vision and is therefore a sensory perception first and foremost.
'it will always strive for totality and unity', as we see from the coloured shadows.
if the cone is lit from the left by violet light we create the complementary colour yellow by ourselves.
he tried to chart their qualties and essence, when and under which conditions they arose, when we see them and how they affect us.
he rendered the results of his work visible in this colour wheel.
here, he incorporated the general laws he discovered, for example, the complementary colours; the harmonic pairs of colours are situated opposite one another.
the harmonic pairs are an expression of the intercourse between the seeing man and the coloured world.
and prismatic colours which arise when light is refracted by a prism.
crystals and raindrops can refract the light into all the colours of the rainbow.
but when he looked in the direction of the window, something happened.
in the boundary between the glazing bars and the window panes, colours could be seen.
newton had concluded that the colours were contained by light alone, but to his amazement, goethe now saw through the prism that colours only arose in the boundary between light and darkness.
and he also saw more colours than those newton had observed.
for the last two hundred years, the watchword of classical science has been objectivity.
goethe's view was that sensory perception was important because it links us to the world and gives us knowledge of it.
when goehte describes colours where he sees them, he obtains an insight into the world that is revealed through the colours.
he emphasised that it was important to observe the phenomena of colour without pleasure or displeasure, without expectations or prejudice.
if we see them as they really are, they open up and tell other stories.
according to newton, and the western cultural heritage, colours are solely a matter of light.
but you can't observe a ray of light or a ray of darkness.
that is not a ray, unless it is surrounded by darkness or light.
for example, if we look at these rays striking the mirror, we discover that light and darkness can both reflect.
science describes light as bundles of energy or electromagnetic waves. [quanta]
what we do know, is that we can only see it when it strikes something.
although the rays of the sun are everywhere in the darkness of space we only see them when they strike other planets.
the smoke is what allows us to see the light in this box.
just as we only see the light across the lake because it strikes the mist.
now we've covered the hole in the box with glass so the smoke cannot enter.
the beam of light is still crossing the box but we can see it.
but when the lights from the first glow of dawn spills onto the cliff, and the tree tops once more turn green and distinct and the dark sky turns blue the world becomes textural and present.
in hot abundant tuscany, where the heat makes the soil steam, and the light strikes the mist in the air, the grapes, sunflowers and other plants, we are enfolded into a textural presence.
goethe studied the encounter between light and darkness and the birth of colours.
part of the earth's atmosphere consists of dust and particles that goethe called 'turbid'.
in the turbidsphere, light meets darkness and the colours are born.
at sunrise and sunset, when the white light of the sun passes through the turbid atmosphere we may observe the marvelous site of the colours playing on sky and earth.
when the lid is closed and we look down through the glass into the darkness of the box, the glass looks blue.
when we open the box and look through the glass into the light, the glass turns yellow.
but if we see the snake against the dark background, we see the snake as blue.
it is the same phenomenon that gives colour to the sun at sunrise and sunset.
the yellows arise in an interaction between our vision, the turbid, and the sun.
when we look at the sky, what we are actually gazing into is the darkness of outer space, but we see it as a blue sky, when the light from the sun passes through the turbidsphere, that's just in front of it.
the thinner the turbidsphere, the darker blue we see the sky.
the blues arise in the interaction of our eyesight, the darkness of outer space, and the illuminated turbid.
the yellows are born out of the light with the help of darkness.
we see the polarity of light and darkness transform into the colour polarity of yellow and blue.
light forms the starting point for yellow, and darkness for blue.
yellow and blue form the basis of all the other colours in the colour wheel.
we associate the yellows with the properties of light, we perceive them as warm and textual.
we associate the blues with darkness, we perceive them as cold and spatial.
we ascribe properties to the colours corresponding to the polarity of light and darkness, such as: hot and cold, proximity and distance, major and minor.
and we use colours to describe things in our lives: golden eras, feeling blue.
although each one of us is unique, we perceive the same blue sky and golden sun, and fundamentally we react to them in the same way.
we talk about looking on the bright side or casting a shadow on proceedings, or having a sunny or a gloomy disposition.
we recognise in ourselves the polarity of darkness and light from the world about us.
the phenomenon of the sky where we see most clearly how colours arise out of the encounter between light and darkness.
a white triangle against a black background is a very simple picture.
if we remove the light in the form of the white triangle, we no longer see a picture at all, just darkness.
a black triangle against a white background is another very simple picture.
if we remove the black triangle we don't see a picture anymore either, just light.
a picture comes into being in the encounter of light and darkness.
here the picture is the white wall, and the dark, shadows.
as we can distinguish lightness from darkness we experience that we are seeing what we call a picture.
here, the picture consists of the white petals, the violet androecium with its orange heads.
the world comes to us in the shape of pictures, and through them we recognise the world.
from infancy, we gaze out into the world and build up our ability to distinguish our experience and knowledge of that world.
we find our bearings within it, and recognise it through what we see.
the knowledge and experience we have built up of the world by observing it comprises yet another picture; namely, the picture of our memories, or the picture of our consciousness.
we always carry our knowledge and experience around with us, when we look at the world, an encounter takes place between what we see, and what we know.
the image of the world, and the image in our consciousness are inseparable, like light and darkness.
we can see as much by looking more closely at the first part of the classical experiment.
the sunlight passes through a small hole and strikes the opposite wall.
it is a principle called 'camera obscura' (i.e. dark chamber) and known in europe since the middle ages.
when the light from the sun passes through the hole, an image of the sun is formed.
the bulb in the camera obscura emits light into the room.
some of it is escapes through the tiny home in the wall and strikes the screen.
newton knew that the shining dot on the screen was a picture of the sun.
but when he tried to investigate why colours arose when the sun's image was refracted by the prism, he left visible reality and the image of the coloured sun.
newton imagined that light could be split up so that just one isolated ray passed through the prism.
he defined his theory of colours using an objective yardstick, just as science today strives for objectivity, and defines the colours in terms of different wavelengths.
when the image was projected through the prism, he saw two colour spectra.
a yellow red one above and a cyan blue violet one below.
this enables us to observe the birth of the colours as a dynamic process as the image is refracted.
when the prism is closed, the image passes straight through - just like a window.
when the prism opens the image is refracted and shifted upwards.
we now observe the way the boundary colours arise as the prism opens..
we observe that newton's spectrum only arises as a particular phase of goethe's two boundary colours - when they are close together.
it is the distribution of light and darkness in the image that determines whether newton's spectrum arises.
one of them was that colours arise where light and darkness meet.
if we look at the black tree against the white background through the prism, we recognise the newton spectrum with it's bright blue green and red.
but where the black branches are very thin, we also discern other colours, namely pale yellow, magenta and cyan.
the image that produces newton's spectrum is a white bar against a black background.
it arises as the culmination of the encounter between red and violet.
here too the polarity is suspended resulting in a sense of sublime peace.
now, i know you're looking at me and wondering... how do i get where ricky is?
if you work hard, pay attention... and use the proper finger-release technique... on the slant cup dispenser, you could be me.
yeah, i mean, it might be really late... so, like, everyone else might be gone.
you know, if i'm still up, i could leave the light on... if you want me to.
you know, sometimes i'm beginning to think you're a real screw-up.
you see, one day i want a house, and kids, and maybe a chandelier.
now, i know you're looking at me and wondering... how do i get where ricky is?
if you work hard, pay attention... and use the proper finger-release technique... on the slant cup dispenser, you could be me.
yeah, i mean, it might be really late... so, like, everyone else might be gone.
you know, if i'm still up, i could leave the light on... if you want me to.
you know, sometimes i'm beginning to think you're a real screw-up.
you see, one day i want a house, and kids, and maybe a chandelier.
yeah, i don't color outside the lines often... but when i do, jump back, loretta.
i don't care when you ate, fez, get in the pool now.
he knocks on the door, and i answer it in my teddy.
and he says, "does the rich lady need any help around the house?"
i'll spare you the intimate details... but it ends in whoopee.
you know, this is as much fun to make... as it is to eat.
it's your job to get good grades, go to college, graduate and leave me.
kitty, when i was his age, i worked in a slaughterhouse.
first of all, people who work at fatso burger are special.
now, i know you're looking at me and wondering... how do i get where ricky is?
you see, one day i want a house, and kids, and maybe a chandelier.
and if you can't give me those things, michael... then this is all a big waste of time.
now, i know you're looking at me and wondering... how do i get where ricky is?
if you work hard, pay attention... and use the proper finger-release technique... on the slant cup dispenser, you could be me.
yeah, i mean, it might be really late... so, like, everyone else might be gone.
you know, if i'm still up, i could leave the light on... if you want me to.
you know, sometimes i'm beginning to think you're a real screw-up.
you see, one day i want a house, and kids, and maybe a chandelier.
community service isn't just something pro athletes do to avoid jail time.
in the other realm, giving back to the community makes you feel good about yourself.
then she would know that rumours started in the other realm become truths in the mortal realm.
oh, well, in that case, don salem, on this day, the day of your daughter's wedding, how do i make it stop?
there's a rumour going around that you have something to do with this hemline.
i cannot abide a cat who would let his owners give him a name that robs him of respect.
we were all gonna go to vegas and get comped at boylesque.
salem, i'm sure there's an explanation for turning our house into a social club.
well, i happen to know my conniving uncle is hanging out in the mortal realm.
"calzone comes clean in quizmaster frame-up and vows to spend the rest of his life cleaning up dog parks."
[minister] when death claims the life of our children... ..we are left with too many questions.
how do we make sense of the feelings we're left with?
who's the teacher, who's the father... gets in the way of who we really are...to each other.
i've waited for years for a chance to watch out for you.
for being so wonderful, a guy would choose hell over heaven, just to hang around you.
not because i remind you... but because i couldn't join you.
it was the last time annie and i saw them alive.
when death claims the life of our children we are left with
but they're all in fairfield and i don't have anybody to send.
well, i'll drop by after work and |take 'em up and take 'em over to the gallery, huh.
see, we're all pretty insecure at first, so we se ourselves somewhere safe and comforting.
we all paint our surroundings, chris, but you're the first guy who knows to use real paint!
chris, "here" is big enough for everybody to have their own private universe.
that's not why you haven't seen you kids yet, is it?
more than i want you in and out of some school,
i want to know how you feel when you go to bed at night.
who's the teacher, who's the father, gets in the way of who we really are...to each other.
and i've been waiting for years for a chance to watch out for you.
all the artists and curators will meet with you when you're better.
and i told her, it was the museum and one of those meetings
for being so wonderful,|a guy would choose hell over heaven, just to hang around with you.
not because i remind you... but because i couldn't join you.
when death claims the life of our children we are left with too many questions.
how do we make sense of the feelings we're left with?
my wife fixes paintings and she also makes some of her own.
to me, paintings are the most important interesting thing in the whole world next to your brain.
more than i want you in or out of some school,
i want to know how you feel when you go to bed at night.
who's the teacher, who's the father gets in the way of who we really are, to each other.
i've waited for years for a chance to watch out for you.
all the artists and curators will meet with you when you're better.
and i told her it was the museum and one of those meetings
being strong, not giving up, that was his place to hide.
he pushed away the pain so hard, he disconnected himself from the person he loved the most.
for being so wonderful, a guy would choose hell over heaven, just to hang around you.
not because i remind you, but because i couldn't join you.
when death claims the life of our children... ..we are left with too many questions.
how do we make sense of the feelings we're left with?
for being so wonderful, a guy would choose hell over heaven, just to hang around you.
not because i remind you... but because i couldn't join you.
[minister] when death claims the life of our children... ..we are left with too many questions.
how do we make sense of the feelings we're left with?
who's the teacher, who's the father... gets in the way of who we really are...to each other.
i've waited for years for a chance to watch out for you.
for being so wonderful, a guy would choose hell over heaven, just to hang around you.
not because i remind you... but because i couldn't join you.
when death claims the life of our children we are left with too many questions.
how do we make sense of the feelings we're left with? tell us of the extraordinary paradise that awaits us.
and i told her it was the museum and one of those meetings
that kept you from driving that day. you weren't wrong and you'd be betraying your children.
when death claims the life of our children we are left with too many questions.
how do we make sense of the feelings we're left with? tell us of the extraordinary paradise that awaits us.
and i told her it was the museum and one of those meetings
that kept you from driving that day. you weren't wrong and you'd be betraying your children.
it was the last time annie and i saw them alive.
when death claims the life of our children we are left with
but they're all in fairfield and i don't have anybody to send.
well, i'll drop by after work and |take 'em up and take 'em over to the gallery, huh.
see, we're all pretty insecure at first, so we se ourselves somewhere safe and comforting.
we all paint our surroundings, chris, but you're the first guy who knows to use real paint!
chris, "here" is big enough for everybody to have their own private universe.
that's not why you haven't seen you kids yet, is it?
more than i want you in and out of some school,
i want to know how you feel when you go to bed at night.
who's the teacher, who's the father, gets in the way of who we really are...to each other.
and i've been waiting for years for a chance to watch out for you.
all the artists and curators will meet with you when you're better.
and i told her, it was the museum and one of those meetings
for being so wonderful,|a guy would choose hell over heaven, just to hang around with you.
not because i remind you... but because i couldn't join you.
'lt was the last time annie and i saw them alive. '
when death claims the life of our children... . . we are left with too many questions.
how do we make sense of the feelings we're left with?
the gospel according to luke, even the first corinthians, tell us of the extraordinary paradise that awaits us.
who's the teacher, who's the father... gets in the way of who we really are... to each other.
i've waited for years for a chance to watch out for you.
and i told her... it was the museum and one of those meetings that kept you from driving that day.
and if you went back, it'd mean you weren't sorry, you weren't wrong and you'd be betraying your children.
being strong, not giving up... that was his place to hide.
he pushed away the pain so hard, he disconnected himself from the person he loved the most.
it was the last time annie and i saw them alive.
when death claims the life of our children we are left with
but they're all in fairfield and i don't have anybody to send.
well, i'll drop by after work and take 'em up and take 'em over to the gallery, huh.
chris, "here" is big enough for everybody to have their own private universe.
that's not why you haven't seen you kids yet, is it?
he needs to veg out in front of the television, he needs for once in his life to read a fucking book that he actually likes!
what you're saying is, he's going though all of this, so he won't let me down?
more than i want you in and out of some school,
i want to know how you feel when you go to bed at night.
all the artists and curators will meet with you when you're better.
and i told her, it was the museum and one of those meetings
[minister] when death claims the life of our children... ..we are left with too many questions.
how do we make sense of the feelings we're left with? tell us of the extraordinary paradise that awaits us.
who's the father... gets in the way of who we really are...to each other.
i've waited for years for a chance to watch out for you.
it was the last time annie and i saw them alive.
when death claims the life of our children we are left with
ut they're all in fairfield and i don't have anybody to send.
well, i'll drop by after work and ake 'em up and take 'em over to the gallery, huh.
and my daddy smiled at the flight attendant who... looked like this and wore a name tag leona.
he said asian women are so... lovely and... graceful and... intelligent.
what you call "hell" is for those who don't know they're dead.
they can't realise what they've done or what's happened in them.
you were pretty surprised when that one came through of me, huh?
hey, if there're no rules, how can you say all suicides are the same?
he's so into you so deep, he thinks he's letting himself down.
you say something he can't and then him think he's shit.
who's the teacher, who's the father, gets in the way of who we really are...to each other.
and i've been waiting for years for a chance to watch out for you.
and if you went back, it'd mean you weren't sorry, you weren't wrong and you'd betraying your children.
she said you were crazy and i said she was a soulless bitch!
being strong, not giving up, that was just his place to hide.
e pushed the pain away so hard, he disconnected himself from the person he loved the most.
for being so wonderful, guy would choose hell over heaven, just to hang around with you.
not because i remind you... but because i couldn't join you.
it was the last time annie and i saw them alive.
when death claims the life of our children we are left with
but they're all in fairfield and i don't have anybody to send.
well, i'll drop by after work and |take 'em up and take 'em over to the gallery, huh.
see, we're all pretty insecure at first, so we se ourselves somewhere safe and comforting.
we all paint our surroundings, chris, but you're the first guy who knows to use real paint!
chris, "here" is big enough for everybody to have their own private universe.
that's not why you haven't seen you kids yet, is it?
more than i want you in and out of some school,
i want to know how you feel when you go to bed at night.
who's the teacher, who's the father, gets in the way of who we really are...to each other.
and i've been waiting for years for a chance to watch out for you.
all the artists and curators will meet with you when you're better.
and i told her, it was the museum and one of those meetings
for being so wonderful,|a guy would choose hell over heaven, just to hang around with you.
not because i remind you... but because i couldn't join you.
how do we make sense of the feelings we're left with?
the gospel according to luke, even the first corinthians, tell us of the extraordinary paradise that awaits us.
and if you went back, it'd mean you weren't sorry, you weren't wrong and you'd be betraying your children.
she called you crazy, and i called her a soulless bitch!
being strong, not giving up, that was his place to hide.
he pushed away the pain so hard, he disconnected himself from the person he loved the most.
when death claims the life of our children we are left with too many questions.
how do we make sense of the feelings we're left with?
a guy would choose hell over heaven just to hang around you.
not because i remind you but because i couldn't join you.
'it was the last time annie and i saw them alive.'
[minister] when death claims the life of our children... ..we are left with too many questions.
how do we make sense of the feelings we're left with?
the gospel according to luke, even the first corinthians, tell us of the extraordinary paradise that awaits us.
who's the teacher, who's the father... gets in the way of who we really are...to each other.
i've waited for years for a chance to watch out for you.
for being so wonderful, a guy would choose hell over heaven, just to hang around you.
not because i remind you... but because i couldn't join you.
it was the last time annie and i saw them alive.
when death claims the life of our children we are left with
but they're all in fairfield and i don't have anybody to send.
well, i'll drop by after work and take 'em up and take 'em over to the gallery, huh.
chris, "here" is big enough for everybody to have their own private universe.
that's not why you haven't seen you kids yet, is it?
what you call "hell" is for those who don't know they're dead.
they can't realise what they've done or what's happened in them.
you were pretty surprised when that one came through of me, huh?
hey, if there're no rules, how can you say all suicides are the same?
he's so into you so deep, he thinks he's letting himself down.
you say something he can't and then him think he's shit.
who's the teacher, who's the father, gets in the way of who we really are...to each other.
and i've been waiting for years for a chance to watch out for you.
and if you went back, it'd mean you weren't sorry, you weren't wrong and you'd betraying your children.
she said you were crazy and i said she was a soulless bitch!
being strong, not giving up, that was just his place to hide.
he pushed the pain away so hard, he disconnected himself from the person he loved the most.
for being so wonderful, a guy would choose hell over heaven, just to hang around with you.
not because i remind you... but because i couldn't join you.
[minister] when death claims the life of our children... ..we are left with too many questions.
how do we make sense of the feelings we're left with?
who's the teacher, who's the father... gets in the way of who we really are...to each other.
i've waited for years for a chance to watch out for you.
for being so wonderful, a guy would choose hell over heaven, just to hang around you.
not because i remind you... but because i couldn't join you.
i had the husband and love i was meant to have, 2 spectacular children...
blessings no one would dare expect from anything as arbitrary as life.
he needs for once in his life to read a fucking book that he actually likes.
so you saying he's going through all this so he won't let me down.
he's into you so deep, he thinks he's letting himself down.
you say he can do something and he can't, and then he thinks he's shit.
'it was the last time annie and i saw them alive.'
[minister] when death claims the life of our children... ..we are left with too many questions.
how do we make sense of the feelings we're left with?
the gospel according to luke, even the first corinthians, tell us of the extraordinary paradise that awaits us.
who's the teacher, who's the father... gets in the way of who we really are...to each other.
i've waited for years for a chance to watch out for you.
for being so wonderful, a guy would choose hell over heaven, just to hang around you.
not because i remind you... but because i couldn't join you.
now, three days ago, there was a shootout between his group and a rival syndicate.
he killed his own guys, and then took off like the wind.
they keep sending hit teams after him, but all they get back are corpses.
it seems asimov has been pumping up... by doing the stuff, himself.
aishiteta to nageku niwa too much time has passed by to
amarinimo toki wa sugitte shimatta lament that we were deeply in love
mada kokoro no hokorobi wo the wind keeps blowing, while my heart
iyasenu mama kaze ga fuiteru cannot heal all the tears in it
(spike) and no, the guy who talks to animals will not make an appearance.
but anyone who loves animals should gather around and watch this show.
she began making stunts more dangerous than they needed to be.
the danger of the work became more important than work itself.
for many birds it is by far the most exhausting bit of the whole business of flight.
but these shearwaters here in japan have adopted a very labour-saving way...
the land birds, on the other hand, have much greater problems.
most of them have to be able to get into the air from the ground with a standing start.
as it leaves the ground, it opens its wings and sweeps them forward, fanning the air downwards with maximum force.
the second stroke must be equally vigorous, pushing the bird upwards.
birds only a little bigger than a pigeon can't do this twice in quick succession.
and a bird as big as an albatross can't do it at all.
those shearwaters achieved it by climbing trees, the pigeon jumped and flapped, and aeroplanes and albatross did it by running and creating a flow of air over their wings.
when they do actually get into the air, a bird's flight seems almost effortless.
how is it that they can withstand the pull of gravity that keeps the rest of us tied so firmly to the ground?
the secret is a wing with a thick, rounded front edge that curves gently downwards towards the back edge, which is very thin.
so it becomes slightly compressed and that pushes the wing up.
at the same time, the air flowing across the top of the wing is deflected upwards by the wing's front edge so reducing its pressure.
if the air is moving fast enough, then the slight suction from above combined with the push from beneath will be enough to lift the bird into the air, as it did during take-off, and ample to keep it aloft, as it's doing now.
the trick is to make sure that the air does flow over the wing sufficiently quickly.
upward air currents can also sustain a bird in flight and that is just what are created when breezes, blowing in from the sea, hit a cliff.
if they are really strong, such up-draughts can be so powerful that they alone will keep an albatross in the air.
0ut at sea, the waves deflect the wind upwards in somewhat smaller gusts and the albatross is so skilful that it can sail on them for hours with scarcely a movement of its wings.
most birds, however, once in flight, have to create that air-flow across their wings by another method.
0n the upstroke it half-folds them, to reduce their surface area and therefore their resistance to the air.
the feathers on its wing slide smoothly over one another so that although the wing is continuously changing shape, its surface remains perfectly smooth and streamlined.
its body is also streamlined by its coat of feathers, and its feet are pressed against its tail so that drag is kept to a minimum.
this mallard is flying at nearly 40 miles an hour, but its streamlining is so perfect that there is scarcely a ruffle to its feathers.
it's only from behind that you notice the little flicks of the feathers over its tail and the back edge of its wings which show just how fast it's travelling.
to see just how important streamlining is, and how much energy it can save, just watch this osprey as it goes fishing.
to take off again, with the fish in its talons, the bird has to beat its wings with all the strength it can muster.
but even now it is in the air, the fish hanging broadside.
gripping the fish with just one foot, it manages to bring its other foot forward.
now, using both feet, the bird changes the position of the fish so that it faces ahead and its streamlined shape reduces its drag so much that the osprey's wing-beats become almost leisurely.
the effect is at its greatest directly behind a bird's wing-tip, so that is the best place for a following bird to fly.
pelicans also save some 20% of their energy by mixing flapping with gliding.
aerodynamically it's more profitable for a bird to time its flaps with those of the bird ahead.
so it is the pelicans who give breathtaking displays of synchronised formation flying.
the most economical way of flying, however, is to draw almost all the energy you need directly from the sun.
as it warms the ground in the morning, the rocks reflect its heat and shimmering columns of air, thermals, begin to rise.
griffin vultures in spain now leave the ledges on the cliffs where they have spent the night and launch themselves into the air.
with the thermals rising powerfully beneath their outstretched wings they sail effortlessly upwards.
all they have to do is to make sure that they remain within the column of warm air.
so dozens of them spiral together in tight circles, adjusting their flight with the tiniest movements of their wings and tails.
they may have to land, after all, on a narrow ledge or a very thin branch.
to do that they have to lower their flaps, put down the undercarriage and put on their brakes so that they lose all air speed at the precise moment that they come alongside their perch.
landing into the wind helps any bird by keeping air flowing over the wings and maintaining lift until the last moment.
so, one way or another, birds manage to complete an operation fraught with danger, with virtually total success.
as anyone who has had to pay for excess baggage at an airport knows, if you travel by air, it is important to keep your weight down.
this magnificent golden eagle manages to do that in a most thoroughgoing way.
it can pluck, crush or, like an eagle, tear and rip.
they also have weight-saving features inside their bodies, a skeleton with fewer bones than a mammal's, no tail-bone, one wing-bone instead of five fingers, and a slim pelvis fused to the backbone.
and the bones themselves are not solid like a mammal's, but hollow.
inside they have a lattice of cross-struts so they are nonetheless very strong.
they look simple, but in fact they have a very complex structure.
the quills are hollow and very light, yet resilient and extremely strong.
the filaments on either side of the quills are fringed with microscopic hooks that link them to their neighbours so that they all latch together to form a continuous surface.
and that means that if a feather gets damaged or over-strained, it can be repaired instantly.
a good bath is also important in keeping the feathers clean and in first-class condition.
most birds take one every day and, watching them doing so, it's difficult to avoid coming to the conclusion that they enjoy it just as much as we do.
not all birds, of course, can get to water that is deep enough for bathing.
then, like the quail that lives on dry plains and during the summer seldom finds so much as a puddle, they may have to use dust.
this may not exactly make them cleaner, but it does, apparently, help in dislodging parasites such as lice that nibble their feathers, mites that scavenge bits of dead skin and ticks that suck their blood.
many parrots and cockatoos grow special feathers that fray at the end into a fine powder.
these feathers are scattered throughout the plumage, and as a bird such as a cockatoo scratches itself at the end of its toilet, the powder is dislodged in clouds and is caught in its ruffled feathers.
exactly how this powder improves the feathers is not really certain, but it is probable that it helps with waterproofing as well as by discouraging parasites.
crows and jays deliberately land on an ant's nest and stir up the colony so that the angry insects come rushing out and swarm all over them.
in their irritation the ants discharge formic acid which is a particularly powerful insecticide.
regular, meticulous maintenance is essential for maximum efficiency and safety in the air, and that applies to everything that flies.
well, that was about 500 miles an hour and of course birds can't equal that.
diving on its prey it can exceed 200 miles an hour.
it achieves maximum aerodynamic efficiency by sweeping back its wings, like the jet fighter.
they are rounded in outline and much broader which gives the maximum lift at slow speeds.
but the barn owl also has a very special adaptation for this kind of hunting.
the rodents it seeks are often invisible from the air, hidden beneath the matted grass.
the barn owl detects them by the rustling sounds they make.
to do that, it has extremely acute hearing, the sounds being focused by the hair-like feathers of the discs on either side of its head.
but if it is to hear them it has to fly very quietly indeed, and its wings are fitted with silencers.
now, to keep its position relative to the ground it has to flap to keep the air moving over its wings.
it's spotted something, a quick turn into the wind, and a drop;
they beat routinely 25 times a second, so fast that they make the humming noise that gives them their name.
it is impossible to see how they operate unless the camera slows them down.
the wings have become, in effect, twirling blades that create down-draughts, rather like those that man produces with his hovering machines.
helicopters, however, have a very special device, a wheel revolving continuously on an axle.
wings which beat in a figure of eight and flick over on the backstroke.
unlike the wings of other birds, they are symmetrical in cross-section and work equally well with either surface uppermost.
by changing the angle of the beat, the thrust can be directed not only downwards, but either forwards or backwards.
so a hummingbird, steering with its tail, can move through the air in any direction.
beating wings at such speed, however, uses a lot of fuel
even at rest, hummers need a great deal just to keep their bodies ticking over.
as evening comes on, the hillstar hummingbird makes its way to its regular roosting place, in a cave.
after its regular toilet, it settles down for the night, and in effect turns off all its motors.
its heart, that in flight contracted a thousand times a minute, slows until its beat is virtually undetectable.
its body temperature falls dramatically and its breathing seems to cease altogether.
great size helps in retaining body heat, but this is as big as a hummingbird can get.
any larger and it couldn't beat its wings fast enough for this kind of flight.
and this is one of the smallest of all birds, the purple-collared woodstar from ecuador with a wingspan of scarcely more than two inches.
small wings are easier to flap, but the smaller they are, the faster they have to move to produce sufficient downwards thrust, and this hummingbird can beat its wings at an astonishing 75 times a second.
the ability to fly gave birds the freedom of the planet.
rivers, deserts, seas, even mountain ranges are no obstacle to them as they are to land-bound creatures such as ourselves.
the rising temperatures have caused the plants to put out new leaves and roots, and tens of thousands of snow geese have come here to graze.
they nested almost as soon as they arrived and many have already got families.
even hummingbirds have come up to the far north to collect nectar from the bushes that are now briefly blooming within sight of glaciers.
0n the arctic coasts, little waders, western sandpipers, are collecting a rich harvest of small worms that are swarming in the mud.
in the middle of the continent, on the prairies, sorghum and other grain crops are ripening in the summer sun.
dickcissels, relatives of the common sparrow, have come up here to take their percentage.
from eastern siberia across asia and europe, to the woodlands and tundra of north america, birds are starting to fly south.
the sandpipers are stocking up for the 6,000 mile journey that lies ahead of them.
they eat so voraciously that they will nearly double their weight, putting on layers of fat on their upper thighs and their flanks.
they even shrink their internal organs, partially absorbing them as though they were food reserves and replacing them with more readily available fat.
they must wait for the right weather conditions, and then, when the wind blows strongly from the north, they set off.
hawks and vultures are also now finding it harder to discover any food.
they need a good hot day when the thermals are shimmering upwards from the rocks that are still warming in the late summer sun.
as the last thermals of summer start to rise, the birds circle up to great heights, 10,000 feet or more, to give themselves a good start for the long journey ahead.
as they glide southwards, slowly losing height, they will look for another thermal and make for its base so that once again they will be lifted high enough to reach the next.
the snow geese are already on their way, their departure triggered by the shortening days and the dropping temperatures.
but the sun, of course, moves from east to west during the day, so the fact that they are able to use it for navigation means that they must have internal clocks and know fairly exactly what the time is.
members of the same family travel together, calling to one another as they go.
they feed intensively, replacing the fat reserves that they have lost.
the raptors, so conscious of the nature of the land beneath them that generates thermals on which they depend, also look to it for their signposts.
they are now passing mexico's highest mountain, the pico de 0rizaba.
there are no thermals to be found over the sea, so they are tied to the land, and that means they have to go all the way round the western side of the gulf of mexico.
there is, of course, a short cut, directly south across the sea.
astonishingly, the little ruby-throat hummingbird tackles that 500 mile long journey.
it must necessarily be non-stop for a hummingbird cannot land on the water.
a feeder in texas provides a ruby-throat with a final top-up of nectar.
but that is right on the very limit of its endurance.
if even a light head-wind springs up it will perish at sea.
the hawks and vultures, travelling round the western side of the gulf, have now reached panama city.
they came from all over north america, converged on the isthmus and travelled together down that narrow corridor of land so that now, for the only time each year, they form dense flocks.
from here they will take their separate ways all over south america, some going as far south as argentina.
0nly by dispersing widely will each bird find enough prey to sustain itself.
years ago, they, like the hawks and eagles, would have travelled on south from here and spread over the plains of northern south america to feed on the seeds of wild grasses.
but here in venezuela, they find great fields of cultivated grain, exactly like they found up in the north.
at night they select a relatively small patch within a huge field of sugar cane where the whole half million roost, half a dozen birds to a single stem.
flying, when all is said and done, takes a great deal of energy.
so birds have huge appetites and have to spend much of their lives in an unending search for food to fuel their expensive lifestyle.
just how they find it, we will be looking at in the next programme in the life of birds.
pete, you know how you always wanted to fly in a small plane?
you and grandpa are going to fly up to the lodge ahead of us.
♪ from the halls of montezuma ♪ ♪ to the shores of tripoli ♪
[ both ]: ♪ we will fight our country's battles ♪
because if you don't and you try to stand straight up,
your feet are going to slip and you're gonna be in big trouble.
because if you don't and you try to stand straight up,
your feet are going to slip and you're gonna be in big trouble.
pete, you know how you always wanted to fly in a small plane?
you and grandpa are going to fly up to the lodge ahead of us.
they may be in a neotenic stage, unable to grow any further.
if it's true, then look at the stupid animal that they've become.
as it should be, the wired is higher layer of the real world.
the flesh is just a hologram of the information in the wired.
it's true, we usually don't have to think about the protocol.
but the current version, the 6th generation, has already reached its data throughput limit.
if you mean the creator of the world, i didn't do it.
if you mean the supreme being of the world, i'm not it.
use the 'psyche' processor and it'll change your whole perspective a multi-purpose information terminal, the navi is popular even among schoolchildren wired activity is already limited by machine performance 'psyche' can boost the processing power of any navi-
it wasn't necessary for me to be in the real world anymore.
if i was in the real world or here, there wasn't any difference.
when i figured that out, i was able cast off my flesh without any fear.
we saw someone die last night, but it was like watching tv or a movie.
we can't deny that we were there, but it felt completely unreal to me.
this afternoon, the information agency firewall was crashed by a cracking incident, the moment, the wired network is in a state of confusion.
please be aware that the delivery of this news may have been be delayed for up to one day.
i don't know if you're aware of it, but your presence in the wired is distinct.
the knights seem to have developed a special interest in you.
they say you can trace the origin of the knights of the eastern calculus back to the knights templar.
they've used that invisible human network, the collective unconscious, since long before the wired was born.
a series of suicides occurred today all over the world, and each country's lnformation control ministry and police departments have begun investigating the cause.
each victim was involved in network-related work, and sources tell us that it appears that they were all members of a fraternal order known as the "knights."
in the body, the nano-mechanism oscillates at a particular frequency, triggering the secretion of a hormone.
the hormone alters the perception of time, giving the feeling of accelerated consciousness.
as well, the synaptic functions of the brain increase by a factor of 2 to 12 times.
the body can metabolize the nano-mechanisim in about a day, but the effect....
whether or not you believe in him, god is always by your side.
on july 4, 1947, a strange craft crashed in the desert in new mexico, america.
roscoe hillenkoetter, head of the cia at the time of the roswell incident, was at the top of the list of 12 members.
it stated that these men concluded a secret treaty with extraterrestrials as a special organization answerable only to the president.
it is now accepted that president truman's signature on the document was in fact copied carefully from another document.
named as a member of mj-12 was vannevar bush, head of mit's department of electrical engineering.
the memex memory expansion concept unveiled by vannevarbush in 1945 was a system whereby information recorded on microfilm was projected onto a translucent screen.
what he envisioned was the compression and rapid access of information.
native american narcotics and isolation tanks to probe the human unconscious,
john c. lilly believed his experiments connected him to cosmic entities byway of a communication network.
but there's definitely no other me here in the real world.
the other one with a body has only appeared in the club.
the extent of the effect on humans of these "earth brain waves" that the planet constantly gives off remains unknown.
the earth's human population is approaching that of the number of neurons in the brain.
douglas rushkoff proposes that the consciousness of the earth itself might be awakened when all humans on earth become collectively networked.
the network's evolution would follow a neural model, and just as neurons within the human brain are connected by synapses, the earth itself would become a neural network.
masami eiri, chief researcher at tachibana general labs, further developed the hypothesis of a worldwide neural network.
his hypothesis proposed a wireless network whereby all humanity would be plugged in at an unconscious level without the need for any device.
phantoma is a game - a special client application for simulating battle in the wired.
i downloaded it from the client of an illegal wired server.
if the physical limitations of the body restrict mankind's evolution, it would be as if the fall of the species called "man" had already been decided by a god that doesn't even exist.
the information etched inside humans isn't only that which they themselves have acquired as individuals.
i suppose a place with no power lines that isn't covered by a satellite.
there's no place like that on earth, and you know it!
and when all of life is over and our work on earth is done, and the roll is called up yonder, i'll be there.
when the roll, when the roll is called up yonder, i'll be there, when the roll, when the roll is called up yonder, i'll be there, when the roll, when the roll is called up yonder,
i reckon you could have got here quicker if you had carried betsy.
yeah, wished i could get me another mule like old flora.
and i can't sell you no liquor less you gets over yonder in kentucky.
marter, you are the legalest fellow in these here parts, if you ain't nothing else.
been standing there since your pa was a boy a-plowing in the same field.
looks like it could go right on standing all by itself, don't it?
well, if you can farm that bottomland like you've been doing the top,
i reckon that land will be yours in a couple of seasons.
and there ain't no way you can get out of it.
you mean they can make you go to war even if it's against what you think is right?
and they'll follow you no matter how far back you go.
then they'd better not catch up with me, 'cause they'll be a-wishing they hadn't.
well, there ain't any english people down our way, just americans.
well, look, a subway is a big hole in the ground, see?
now, supposing these here cartridges is a flock of wild turkeys,
a- flying across the ridge coming this a-way, see, right at me.
well, that ain't right either, if you wanna get more than one turkey.
now, which one of them's got the most meat on him?
well, i'm much obliged to you, major buxton and captain danforth.
well, i'll learn 'em fellows to shoot the best i can,
something that a man just can't see with his eyes or hold in his hands.
something that some men don't even know they have until they've lost it.
them that lived by the sword, will be a-perishing by the sword.
the government of all men to defend the rights of each man.
and i'm going to approve your promotion to the rank of corporal.
well, i'll sure take care of my men the best i can, sir.
"and bert took me to a church called notre dame cathedral.
"lt's big enough inside for a fellow to plant a crop of corn.
tell the rest of them fellows to quit shooting and come on out of there.
keep 'em hands up and start a-going down the hill there.
tell 'em men of yours if any more of that happens
you and a lot more of 'em's going to be mighty sorry.
well, sir, we can't find our outfit and we tried to drop 'em off two other places.
and they ain't but only eight of us to handle them.
of course, i always figured on marrying you and gracie myself,
but i ain't one to take the job away from the governor of the state.
for two weeks they snuggled... went to romantic restaurants... had wonderful sex... and shared their most intimate secrets.
one warm spring day... he took her to a town house he saw in sunday's new york times.
when you're a young guy in your 20s, women are controlling the relationship.
so by the time you're an eligible man in your 30s... you feel like you're being devoured by women.
not with someone older than 35, 'cause you have to have kids right away... and that's about it.
i think these women should just forget about marriage... and have a good time.
i mean, they don't want to be in a relationship with you... but as soon as you only want them for sex, they don't like it.
all of a sudden they can't perform the way they're supposed to.
after all these years, i finally saw him for what he was:
a self-centered, withholding creep... who was still the best sex i ever had in my life.
it is like a model bomb exploded in this room tonight.
is there a woman here aside from me who weights more than a hundred pounds?
did all men secretly want their women promiscuous and emotionally detached?
and if i was really having sex like a man, why didn't i feel more in control?
he usually dates models, but, hey, i'm as good-iooking as a model... plus i own my own business.
samantha had the kind of deluded self-confidence... that caused men like ross perot to run for president... and it usually got her what she wanted.
meanwhile, charlotte york was having a splendid evening with capote duncan.
wanna go back to my place and see the ross blechner?
look, i understand where you're coming from... and i totally respect it... but i really need to have sex tonight.
back at chaos... things were swinging into high gear... and samantha was putting the moves on mr. big.
once upon a time an english journalist came to new york.
elizabeth was attractive and bright, and right away she hooked up with one of the city's eligible bachelors.
a well-liked and respected banker, who made about two million a year.
they met one evening, in typical new york fashion, at a gallery opening.
for two weeks they snuggled went to romantic restaurants had wonderful sex and shared the most intimate secrets.
one spring day, he took her to a house he saw in sunday's new york times.
why are there so many great unmarried women and no great unmarried men?
i explore these issues in my column and i have terrific sources: my friends.
these women should forget about marriage... and have a good time.
i have a friend who'd always gone out with extremely sexy guys and just had a good time.
she had a breakdown, couldn't hold on to her job, and moved back to wisconsin to live with her mother.
trust me, this is not a story that makes men feel bad.
sweetheart, this is the first time in the history of manhattan that women have had as much power as men, plus the equal luxury of treating men like sex objects.
yeah, except men in this city don't want to be in a relationship with you, but if you only want them for sex they don't like it.
it was true, i no longer felt a thing for kurt.
after all these years, i finally saw him for what he was - a self-centred withholding creep, who was still the best sex i ever had in my life.
and another thing, i'm not buying into that "women having sex like men" crap.
i didn't want to tell her about my afternoon of cheap and easy sex and how good it felt.
it was just like that bar in cheers where "everybody knows your name".
except here they were likely to forget it five minutes later.
it is like a model bomb exploded in this room tonight.
is there a woman here aside from me that weighs more than a hundred pounds?
he usually dates models, but, hey, i'm as good looking as a model, plus i own my own business.
samantha had the kind of deluded self-confidence that caused men like ross perot to run for president.
and there she went, off to take her best shot with mr big.
meanwhile, charlotte york was passing the most splendid evening with capote duncan.
back at chaos, things were swinging into high gear and samantha was putting the moves on mr big.
i've been smoking cigars for years, back when they were terminally uncool.
the question remains-- is this really a company we want to own?
tim was 42, a well-liked and respected investment banker... who made about two million a year.
for two weeks they snuggled... went to romantic restaurants... had wonderful sex... and shared their most intimate secrets.
one warm spring day... he took her to a town house he saw in sunday's new york times.
no one has breakfast at tiffany's, and no one has affairs to remember.
instead, we have breakfast at 7:00 a.m... and affairs we try to forget as quickly as possible.
why are there so many great unmarried women... and no great unmarried men?
i explore these sorts of issues in my column... and i have terrific sources: my friends.
when you're a young guy in your 20s, women are controlling the relationship.
so by the time you're an eligible man in your 30s... you feel like you're being devoured by women.
not with someone older than 35, 'cause you have to have kids right away... and that's about it.
i think these women should just forget about marriage... and have a good time.
i mean, they don't want to be in a relationship with you... but as soon as you only want them for sex, they don't like it.
all of a sudden they can't perform the way they're supposed to.
okay, linda fiorentino fucking that guy up against the chain-link fence.
and never having one of those "oh, my god, what have i done?" epiphanies.
well, i don't know if you're going to be getting that lucky.
you know, i was really pissed off the way you left the other day.
and there she went-- off to take her best shot with mr. big.
meanwhile, charlotte york was having a splendid evening with capote duncan.
back at chaos... things were swinging into high gear... and samantha was putting the moves on mr. big.
i've been smoking cigars for years... back when they were terminally uncool.
right now i'm researching an article about women who have sex like men.
you know, they have sex... and then afterwards they feel nothing.
tim was 42, a well-liked and respected investment banker... who made about two million a year.
they met one evening, in typical new york fashion... at a gallery opening.
one warm spring day... he took her to a town house he saw in sunday's new york times.
how 'bout if we start at the top and work our way down?
why are there so many great unmarried women... and no great unmarried men?
i explore these sorts of issues in my column... and i have terrific sources:
i mean, if you want to get married, it's to have kids, right?
not with someone older than 35, 'cause you have to have kids right away... and that's about it.
i think these women should just forget about marriage... and have a good time.
i have a friend who'd always gone out with extremely sexy guys... and just had a good time.
she had a complete physical breakdown... couldn't hold her job and moved back to wisconsin to live with her mother.
trust me... this is not a story that makes men feel bad.
there's not one woman in new york who hasn't turned down 10 wonderful guys... because they were too short or too fat or too poor.
i have been out with some of those guys... the short, fat, poor ones.
if you're a successful single woman in this city, you have two choices:
you can bang your head against the wall and try and find a relationship... or you can say "screw it," and just go out and have sex like a man.
but are you sure that isn't just 'cause he didn't call you?
sweetheart, this is the first time in the history of manhattan... that women have had as much money and power as men... plus the equal luxury of treating men like sex objects.
okay, linda fiorentino fucking that guy up against the chain-link fence.
and never having one of those "oh, my god, what have i done?" epiphanies.
well, i don't know if you're going to be getting that lucky.
you know, i was really pissed off the way you left the other day.
and there she went... off to take her best shot with mr. big.
meanwhile, charlotte york was having a splendid evening with capote duncan.
back at chaos... things were swinging into high gear... and samantha was putting the moves on mr. big.
i've been smoking cigars for years... back when they were terminally uncool.
right now i'm researching an article about women who have sex like men.
you know, they have sex... and then afterwards they feel nothing.
the question remains-- is this really a company we want to own?
tim was 42, a well-liked and respected investment banker... who made about two million a year.
for two weeks they snuggled... went to romantic restaurants... had wonderful sex... and shared their most intimate secrets.
one warm spring day... he took her to a town house he saw in sunday's new york times.
no one has breakfast at tiffany's, and no one has affairs to remember.
instead, we have breakfast at 7:00 a.m... and affairs we try to forget as quickly as possible.
why are there so many great unmarried women... and no great unmarried men?
i explore these sorts of issues in my column... and i have terrific sources: my friends.
when you're a young guy in your 20s, women are controlling the relationship.
so by the time you're an eligible man in your 30s... you feel like you're being devoured by women.
not with someone older than 35, 'cause you have to have kids right away... and that's about it.
i think these women should just forget about marriage... and have a good time.
i mean, they don't want to be in a relationship with you... but as soon as you only want them for sex, they don't like it.
all of a sudden they can't perform the way they're supposed to.
okay, linda fiorentino fucking that guy up against the chain-link fence.
and never having one of those "oh, my god, what have i done?" epiphanies.
well, i don't know if you're going to be getting that lucky.
you know, i was really pissed off the way you left the other day.
and there she went-- off to take her best shot with mr. big.
meanwhile, charlotte york was having a splendid evening with capote duncan.
back at chaos... things were swinging into high gear... and samantha was putting the moves on mr. big.
i've been smoking cigars for years... back when they were terminally uncool.
right now i'm researching an article about women who have sex like men.
you know, they have sex... and then afterwards they feel nothing.
for two weeks they snuggled... went to romantic restaurants... had wonderful sex... and shared their most intimate secrets.
one warm spring day... he took her to a town house he saw in sunday's new york times.
when you're a young guy in your 20s, women are controlling the relationship.
so by the time you're an eligible man in your 30s... you feel like you're being devoured by women.
not with someone older than 35, 'cause you have to have kids right away... and that's about it.
i think these women should just forget about marriage... and have a good time.
i mean, they don't want to be in a relationship with you... but as soon as you only want them for sex, they don't like it.
all of a sudden they can't perform the way they're supposed to.
after all these years, i finally saw him for what he was:
a self-centered, withholding creep... who was still the best sex i ever had in my life.
it is like a model bomb exploded in this room tonight.
is there a woman here aside from me who weights more than a hundred pounds?
did all men secretly want their women promiscuous and emotionally detached?
and if i was really having sex like a man, why didn't i feel more in control?
he usually dates models, but, hey, i'm as good-looking as a model... plus i own my own business.
samantha had the kind of deluded self-confidence... that caused men like ross perot to run for president... and it usually got her what she wanted.
meanwhile, charlotte york was having a splendid evening with capote duncan.
wanna go back to my place and see the ross blechner?
look, i understand where you're coming from... and i totally respect it... but i really need to have sex tonight.
back at chaos... things were swinging into high gear... and samantha was putting the moves on mr. big.
berg look, you're not fooling anyone you're having a hard time accepting the fact that there're a new kid in town a dedicated kid, a kid named "doctor bergin"
well, i guess you're gonna have to get used to it buddy cause he's here to stay !
sharon, you work for a chemical company you have no ethics
berg's right, i'm blowing the whistle wait, wait, you're not gonna actually listen to him well !
peter, i am shocked i'm in the profession of healing mister !
this is my job now melissa if would kindly disrobe down to your socks !
showing off all of his fancy gadgets to all my friends i was just a pull-string cowboy, how could i compete ?
to infinity and beyond my ass ok, i gotta get outta here, bill you think i can get the afternoon off ?
your tank over fills, all of a sudden knowledge is spilling out all over the place well, i need one of you !
alright look, bill, my big presentation is tonight i just need a few more hours to practice
i'm studying "general hopital" i'm trying to get the walk down check out how dr. scanlen moves in slow, confident steps
he lets the beeper show under his lab coat notice the head tilt
i can't believe i had to cover for you, and you're up here screwing around
i already finish studying for my exam you wanna know why ?
i'm gonna go into that presentation and crash like the hindenburg wow wow wow wow just relax for a sec take a deep breath you always say how your stuff didn't do any good and how it's a complete disaster but it always turns out great
so tonight, i need you to go in there and show those people what i already know hey, that you ... rock
listen, i might, have, poisoned my friend and, i need to know the side effects it's a medical emergency no, don't put me on hold, don't put me on ... and away, my beautiful, my beautiful
baloon so, i'm at our monthly coord meeting and the ceo is at the head of the table
i stand up and i tell them that i have proof that their bugs die in six seconds just like they always have !
room go silent then the ceo stands up, and you know what he says "3 seconds, 6 seconds, who cares, they're bugs"
yes of course i live to wait what are you guys doing here ?
well, i, i, i thought we come down to observe you he means lend our support
but, with the exitment that the jake in the box is causing, it's infectious
pete, believe me, every second counts you drank my alergezik medication you're sweating, you're stammering, you're delusional !
you don't know what you're talking about berg i'm just a little nervous oh yeah ?
then what kind of museum has a huge jack in the box ?
we'll be going are you sure you don't want to spin plates as a finale ?
- listen pal, i've had a really bad day - join the club hey, you wanna piece of me, huh ?
berg, you're not a physician, you're a med student give yourself a break no, no, see, you said it yourself it takes dedication and commitment alright, listen to me, berg, this is the first time in your life that you're doing something where you don't know all the answers
this is great, you're scared, and you're scared because you might finally care about something
i also got the walk down you know i hear that's the hardest part you'll be a good surgent
- you'll rock - thanks listen, when you're a big famous surgent, look me up i'll be the guy in rino designing the trailer parks
well last night i was too busy arguing with the sofa oh my god i've got a big meeting at three three !
berg, it's ten to it you better get moving no, you have a big meeting at three downtown !
and till the day you die...you, not me...will always be shit.
i dunno but whenever i see her i just wanna you know...
i don't know i could ever really begin to really talk to her,
i mean what can i talk about i have nothing to talk about i'm boring.
i know this is going to sound horrible ...but i just feel i have to be fully open with you and just get beyond all the old barriers, and the sibling nonsense you know i...
oh, well, the truth is i always thought you would never amount to much.
well, i know how weird these things can be, but...you know
i've always had such faith in trish's judgment that i thought why not.
and besides, even if you're right, there's not much you can do...is there?
what do you think would happen if i got him a professional you know.
and uh, i just couldn't wait to get home and get... under the covers and watch tv.
but umm...it was in the elevator that i first got a funny feeling...
and no, in fact, i don't think it's a little harsh at all.
i'm sorryu, but when it come to drug abuse...and children, my children...
uch, they should all just be locked up and throw away the key.
and billy, i want you to know something, if you ever even t think of doing drugs, and end up dying in a hospital...
and till the day you die... you... not me... will always be shit.
i dunno... but whenever i see her, i just wanna... you know, i wanna... undress her...
and for her to see how boring i am... ( to himself ) a gallon of skim milk.
a dozen eggs one of those disposable cameras for the weekend.
( bill to himself ) i gotta get the dog cleaned...
the next time i see her... as soon as i see her...
here a woman can, i know this is difficult to understand, but, a woman can fulfill her potential.
um... there are opportunities to do something do good, really improve the world.
if you and mom died in a plane crash, would it be all right if i took over?
well... probably one of your aunts would want to help out.
and i had... a half-gallon of strawberry ice cream... two boxes of fudge and a key lime pie.
and uh, i just couldn't wait to get home and get under the covers and watch tv.
i'm sorry, but just the idea of it... of someone all over... inside of me.
i know it isn't right but can we still be friends?
i'm sorry, but when it comes to drug abuse and children, my children, they should be locked up and throw away the key.
i want you to know, if you ever even think of doing drugs and end up dying in a hospital,
i know i may sound harsh, but i'm talking about our kids.
not to be grandiose, but this is the future... the future of our country we're taking about, after all.
when i'm in despair and life has turned into a mess
i know that i don't dare to end my search for happiness
when i run to catch you though, that's just not where you are
happiness you know i'll get a hold of you some way
when i'm in despair and life has turned into a mess
i know that i don't dare to end my search for happiness
i wanna pump her... pump, pump, pump, till she screams bloody murder.
and then i wanna... flip her ass over and pump her even more.
i mean we are neighbors, you know, we... you know, smile politely at each other, but...
i don't know if i could ever really begin to talk to her,
just because you hit thirty doesn't mean you can't be fresh anymore.
you know joy, i've never told you this before... but now that we're older, and...
i know this is gonna sound horrible... but i feel i have to be open with you, and get beyond all the barriers, and the sibling nonsense.
the truth is i always thought you'd never amount to much.
when i'm in despair and life has turned into a mess
i know i don't dare to end my search for happiness
and besides, even if you're right, there's not much you can do... is there?
what do you think will happen if i got him uh... professional, you know?
you light up my days and fill my nights with song
it can't be wrong when it feels so right 'cause you... you light up my life.
well... probably one of your aunts would want to help out.
so, you don't think i'm old enough to take care of myself,
normally i don't need any help, but my back hurt because the bags were heavy.
and i had... a half-gallon of strawberry ice cream... two boxes of fudge and a key lime pie.
in fact, i don't think it's a little harsh at all.
i'm sorry, but when it comes to drug abuse and children, my children, they should be locked up and throw away the key.
happiness why do you have to stay... so far away... from me?
when i'm in despair and life has turned into a mess
i gave damien ross her number, for what it"s worth, and joy sounded interested, naturally, but i don"t know.
l"m afraid i have to say it, but truly it"s what i believe.
well, i know how weird these things can be, but... i"ve always had such faith in trish"s judgment i thought why not.
you know, it"s not like i"ve got some huge social life.
it seems the things i've wanted in my life i've never had.
and so it's no surprise that living only leaves me sad.
l"m sorry to disturb you, miss jordan, but i"m afraid i"ve got some bad news for you.
it regards an acquaintance of yours by the name of andrew kornbluth.
and besides, even if you"re right, there"s not much you can do, is there?
what do you think would happen if i got him a professional?
i know this is difficult to understand, but... a woman can fulfill her potential.
there are opportunities to do something... do good... really improve the world.
well, probably one of your aunts would want to help out.
so you don"t think i"m old enough to take care of myself, timmy and chloe.
i tried so many times to tell you, but it"s hard to... i"d always been very friendly to him.
and well, i try to be that way with all the doormen, even though they"re usually snickering behind my back.
but... it was in the elevator that i first got a funny feeling.
like he was, you know, kind of looking at me kind of funny.
l"m sorry, but when it comes to drug abuse, and children, my children...
they should all just be locked up and throw away the key.
now i know bill, it may sound harsh, but we"re talking about our kids.
not to be too grandiose, but this is the future, the future of our country we"re talking about, after all.
and till the day you die... you... not me... will always be shit.
i dunno... but whenever i see her, i just wanna... you know, i wanna... undress her...
and for her to see how boring i am... ( to himself ) a gallon of skim milk.
a dozen eggs one of those disposable cameras for the weekend.
( bill to himself ) i gotta get the dog cleaned...
the next time i see her... as soon as i see her...
here a woman can, i know this is difficult to understand, but, a woman can fulfill her potential.
um... there are opportunities to do something do good, really improve the world.
if you and mom died in a plane crash, would it be all right if i took over?
well... probably one of your aunts would want to help out.
and i had... a half-gallon of strawberry ice cream... two boxes of fudge and a key lime pie.
and uh, i just couldn't wait to get home and get under the covers and watch tv.
i'm sorry, but just the idea of it... of someone all over... inside of me.
i know it isn't right but can we still be friends?
i'm sorry, but when it comes to drug abuse and children, my children, they should be locked up and throw away the key.
i want you to know, if you ever even think of doing drugs and end up dying in a hospital,
i know i may sound harsh, but i'm talking about our kids.
not to be grandiose, but this is the future... the future of our country we're taking about, after all.
when i'm in despair and life has turned into a mess
i know that i don't dare to end my search for happiness
when i run to catch you though, that's just not where you are
happiness you know i'll get a hold of you some way
when i'm in despair and life has turned into a mess
i know that i don't dare to end my search for happiness
i wanna pump her... pump, pump, pump, till she screams bloody murder.
and then i wanna... flip her ass over and pump her even more.
i mean we are neighbors, you know, we... you know, smile politely at each other, but...
i don't know if i could ever really begin to talk to her,
just because you hit thirty doesn't mean you can't be fresh anymore.
you know joy, i've never told you this before... but now that we're older, and...
i know this is gonna sound horrible... but i feel i have to be open with you, and get beyond all the barriers, and the sibling nonsense.
the truth is i always thought you'd never amount to much.
when i'm in despair and life has turned into a mess
i know i don't dare to end my search for happiness
you light up my days and fill my nights with song
it can't be wrong when it feels so right 'cause you... you light up my life.
johnny, i have to ask you a question and it's very important that you be honest, okay?
johnny was there, in the last day or two... someone who hurt you?
if you and mom died in a plane crash, would it be all right if i took over?
well... probably one of your aunts would want to help out.
i'd marry the man i fell in love with, have a son and a daughter who loved me
as much as i hated my mother, then die... tragically and suddenly.
normally i don't need any help, but my back hurt because the bags were heavy.
and i had... a half-gallon of strawberry ice cream... two boxes of fudge and a key lime pie.
in fact, i don't think it's a little harsh at all.
i'm sorry, but when it comes to drug abuse and children, my children, they should be locked up and throw away the key.
i wanna pump her... pump, pump, pump, till she screams bloody murder.
and then i wanna... flip her ass over and pump her even more.
i mean we are neighbors, you know, we... you know, smile politely at each other, but...
i don't know if i could ever really begin to talk to her,
when i'm in despair and life has turned into a mess
i know i don't dare to end my search for happiness
here a woman can, i know this is difficult to understand, but, a woman can fulfill her potential.
um... there are opportunities to do something do good, really improve the world.
if you and mom died in a plane crash, would it be all right if i took over?
well... probably one of your aunts would want to help out.
normally i don't need any help, but my back hurt because the bags were heavy.
and i had... a half-gallon of strawberry ice cream... two boxes of fudge and a key lime pie.
i'm sorry, but when it comes to drug abuse and children, my children, they should be locked up and throw away the key.
i want you to know, if you ever even think of doing drugs and end up dying in a hospital,
i know i may sound harsh, but i'm talking about our kids.
not to be grandiose, but this is the future... the future of our country we're taking about, after all.
you don't think that mrs. crawley might have been flattering you for her own ends?
no, i'm sure she spoke out of a genuine interest, and a desire to help my parliamentary career.
lord steyne presents his compliments, and wonders whether he might call tomorrow for a drive around the park?
you can tell his lordship we shall be delighted, shan't we, rawdon?
nor yet to us, not directly, but a little bird tells us she's captured william's heart.
" 'tis the last rose of summer, oh, blooming alone "
... whether you might be able to let me have a little something.
tricky times, you know, tricky times, mr. raggles, but i'll see what can be done.
"though i know that you will do everything that is in your power to make him happy..."
"that i feel i must accept your kind offer to take my son."
they'll furnish you the wherewithal to let your sheep dog loose.
while you're at it, send that miserable son of yours to boarding school.
i have your interests to attend to, as you can't attend to them yourself.
big boys don't want their mamas fussing around them, do they?
i imagine you're feeling very fond of our young friend becky just now.
she's let you have a little something you were not expecting to get.
i think old steyne has been damn generous about the whole thing.
he's paid off briggs and now he's looking after the boy's schooling.
while lord steyne is a generous and influential nobleman, and his patronage is highly valued-
i felt the good effects of it in my own modest efforts at advancement- he does... enjoy a, uh...
oh, she jollies old steyne along, of course she does, but there's nothing she wouldn't own up to in sunday school.
of course, but rawdon, one cannot be too careful about... appearances.
you don't think that mrs. crawley might have been flattering you for her own ends?
no, i'm sure she spoke out of a genuine interest, and a desire to help my parliamentary career.
though i did discover they're in a pretty tight situation, jane.
rebecca was very reluctant to speak about it, but i got it out of her in the end and, well, i've given rawdon a draft on my bankers for a hundred.
" no flower of her kindred, no rosebud is mine "
" to reflect back her blushes or give sight or sound. "
i have a fancy for a little turn about the terrace.
well, maybe i'll just linger a little on the veranda at any rate.
you've done one thing, and by god, you shall do the other.
if i choose to invite my young friend, mrs. crawley, to my house, you will have no objection.
when we were reduced to our last guinea, she gave us everything.
she'll never leave us until we are utterly ruined, which doesn't seem far off, or until i can pay her back to the last farthing, which seems utterly impossible.
while lord steyne is a generous and influential nobleman, and his patronage is highly valued-
i felt the good effects of it in my own modest efforts at advancement- he does... enjoy a, uh...
those stories, plus we'r e gonna hook up with the big east and the big ten.
and we'll take you to jacobs field wher e toby benes is working on a no-hitter in the seventh.
about teasing the no-hitter, it was a tough call, and i just wanted to tell you that while i didn't agr ee with the decision,
i have a lot of r espect f or you f or making it.
ther e is a perception in the pr ess never mor e clear than in this article that i'm not cool.
now wher e do you think this perception comes f rom?
- well, then we can anticipate a certain degr ee of trouble.
didn't isaac tell you to keep an eye out f or him when the two of you wer e doing pr ess?
these f eelings have been growing inside of me like a rush or a surge --
i think this is a little mor e than i need to know about -- -
the point was that any law that makes criminals out of 15 million americans is probably not such a good idea.
the point was that drug abuse isn't a criminal issue, it's a health car e issue.
our sponsors expect us to project an image of good health and clean living.
i'll think about that the next time i'm reporting on how the miller genuine draft car did in the winston cup.
well, thank him f or his suggestion, but tell him i'm gonna r espectf ully pass.
why don't we just skip down to the end of the page.
you, like every other on-air personality at this network, has a morals clause in your contract.
ar e you now saying what i did was immoral because luther sachs doesn't agr ee with me?
take 30 seconds bef or e the second commercial br eak, then get us right back into the show.
you know, i don't have any idea what i'm gonna say.
jer emy, you did a good job on that cubs/marlins game.
i only wish you could have seen the tape bef or e the lif e was sucked out of it by f orces entir ely beyond my control.
we'll be bringing you mor e on that story on "nfl kickoff,"
sunday morning, 10:00 eastern standard time, and 1:00 if you'r e watching us in brussels.
the first computer i ever had, he built f rom a kit he bought with money he earned tutoring other kids in math.
he's energetic and articulate, curious and f unny, a gr eat source of pride to our par ents.
and ther e's no doubt that he'd be living a gr eat lif e right now ex cept f or that he's dead.
'cause when you'r e 14 years old, all you ever r eally want to be when you grow up is your 16-year-old brother, and in my case, that meant smoking a lot of dope.
the day i went off to college was the day that sam got his driver's license, and he celebrated by taking a drive with some of his f riends... drunk and high as a paper kite.
he never saw the red light that he ran, and he probably never saw the 18-wheel truck that put him into the side of a brick bank either.
casey and i will be right back after this with the american league wrap-up.
you'r e watching "sports night" on csc, so don't go away.
-- 'gonna find my baby, gonna hold her tight ' -
- can i just say one mor e thing about the starland vocal band?
-- 'some afternoon delight ' -- 1978, they win the grammy f or best new artist.
-- 'my motto's always been "when it's right, it's right" ' -
the next item for sale, number 127, is a silver clarinet.
it's a b-flat clarinet, boehm system, made in england circa 1904.
when you feel desire for someone, man or woman, there's a point where the desire is so strong
- it builds and builds - you feel so much desire that you get blocked.
and once you get your witches' license, you'll automatically have all the power and knowledge in the universe inside of you.
and thanks to modern medicine, it no longer requires invasive surgery.
you know, i had a lot of fun going to dinner in atlantis the other night.
the fish was good, but the chips were kind of soggy.
there's nothing greater in life than creaming someone in chess over the internet.
you said the same thing last week about finding food in the couch.
( laughing ) miss spellman, have you reached a decision on a movie theme for the dance yet?
oh, well, i was kind of leaning towards either saturday night fever or grease.
we both really like you, but we can't keep waiting like this.
so if you don't decide by tomorrow, you don't get either of us.
he'll get all mushy and say how he wishes he could go with you.
so you'll feel better, but you're in no danger of an actual date, because you already know he's going with zelda.
here's one that will give you a physical manifestation of your feelings.
it says here if i use this spell correctly, my heart will be revealed to me.
all i have to do is sing the following song while placing my hand over my chest.
i feel kind of stupid, but at this point i'll try anything.
as you all know, this year westbridge high ranked number one in the county on the school-board exams.
and so to celebrate what i can only assume to be flagrant cheating on the part of the entire student body,
the fish was good, but the chips were kind of soggy.
great, so say yes and go to the dance with me.
so i guess you're just gonna have to accept your fate, and learn to lose with some dignity.
well, would you at least help me type in my response?
we both really like you, but we can't keep waiting like this.
so if you don't decide by tomorrow, you don't get either of us.
this is one of the toughest decisions i've ever had to make.
i hate to bother you, but we need to know what theme you want the dance.
because i think this billy jack guy might be a friend of his.
i have too much on my mind to worry about what mr. kraft wants.
hey, when you spend eight hours a day licking your butt you come up with a good idea every now and again.
i have to decide between harvey and dashiell by tomorrow, and i have no idea who i'm gonna choose.
i wanted to talk to you before i called the me.
now that you mention it, it doesn't look like a murder.
from the day he got sick until the moment he passed away.
did you ever see dr turner treat your brother inappropriately or dangerously?
you may not have a choice cos the law requires an autopsy when there are suspicious circumstances.
the only suspicious circumstances in this case are my sister's irrational accusations.
just put him in the hospital, hook him up to a ventilator or a feeding tube.
just all the things that he expressly said not to do.
he'll remind you in baltimore, the homicide unit also investigates kidnappings, extortion and oh, yeah, bribery.
you know, which means access to all kinds of records, legal, financial.
records which might just reveal a pattern of judicial decisions favourable to this lady gangster's criminal organisation.
now you put that together with a sudden, unexplained uptick in the judge's finances...
it's gonna be better for your sons, if you tell us where they are.
we'll pick them up, and we will listen to their story.
this is what comes of living in a city and mixing with coloureds.
letitia morrison was struck by a stray large calibre bullet fired from inside the pizza parlour.
that still doesn't mean you wouldn't have known what dr turner was doing.
all you had to do was leave the room at the right moment.
you didn't hold their hands when they were screaming and hollering all night.
you didn't mop up any mucus or diarrhoea or their vomit.
you didn't clean the pus out of anybody's sores, or throw your body across theirs to keep 'em in the bed when they were thrashing around in their death throes with bile and blood gushing from every orifice!
you didn't comfort families who will never get over their loss!
you resent your doctors because you think they have the power of life and death over you.
so you're gonna prove 'em wrong, even if it means killing yourself.
emily always wanted to get married in this place her parents got married but it's gonna be torn down, so...
i know it's crazy, but everything's been so crazy and it just feels right, you know?
if there was just one little area where i think we need to work on, i would think it's that we're just not crazy enough.
i got to say, i'm not too sure i agree with that.
i got to tell you this really does put me in a better mood.
ah, i wish there was a job where i could wear this all the time.
one of them will realize what they've done and call it off.
you'll be dancing at my wedding before you dance at theirs.
she always wanted to get married where her parents did but it's getting torn down.
i know it's crazy, but everything's been so crazy and it just feels right.
if there was just one little area where i think we need to work on, i would think it's that we're just not crazy enough.
i got to say, i'm not too sure i agree with that.
i look down and i know this won't be the most special day of my life.
i mean, it was kind of fun for a while but didn't you feel kind of silly?
i know i said i'm totally okay with ross getting married.
but as it turns out i don't think i'm handling it all that well.
i got to tell you this really does put me in a better mood.
i wish there was a job where i could wear this all the time.
one of them will realize what they've done and call it off.
you'll be dancing at my wedding before you dance at theirs.
she always wanted to get married where her parents did but it's getting torn down.
i know it's crazy, but everything's been so crazy and it just feels right.
if there was just one little area where i think we need to work on, i would think it's that we're just not crazy enough.
i got to say, i'm not too sure i agree with that.
i look down and i know this won't be the most special day of my life.
i mean, it was kind of fun for a while but didn't you feel kind of silly?
i know i said i'm totally okay with ross getting married.
but as it turns out i don't think i'm handling it all that well.
i got to tell you this really does put me in a better mood.
i wish there was a job where i could wear this all the time.
she always wanted to get married where her parents did but it's getting torn down.
i know it's crazy, but everything's been so crazy and it just feels right.
if there was just one little area where i think we need to work on, i would think it's that we're just not crazy enough.
i got to say, i'm not too sure i agree with that.
you know how ross and i have always been on-again, off-again?
i guess i just figured, somewhere down the road we would be on again.
i got to tell you this really does put me in a better mood.
i wish there was a job where i could wear this all the time.
somewhere, one of them is gonna realize what they've done and call the thing off.
you'll be dancing at my wedding before you dance at theirs.
i got to tell you this really does put me in a better mood.
ah, i wish there was a job where i could wear this all the time.
you know how ross and i have always been on again, off again?
i guess i just figured, somewhere down the road we would be on again.
one of them will realize what they've done and call it off.
you'll be dancing at my wedding before you dance at theirs.
i look down and i know this won't be the most special day of my life.
i mean, it was kind of fun for a while but didn't you feel kind of silly?
i know i said i'm totally okay with ross getting married.
but as it turns out i don't think i'm handling it all that well.
she always wanted to get married where her parents did but it's getting torn down.
i know it's crazy, but everything's been so crazy and it just feels right.
if there was just one little area where i think we need to work on, i would think it's that we're just not crazy enough.
i got to say, i'm not too sure i agree with that.
you know how ross and i have always been on-again, off-again?
i guess i just figured, somewhere down the road we would be on again.
i got to tell you this really does put me in a better mood.
i wish there was a job where i could wear this all the time.
give it time: his wife has left him, but don't rush in.
be the sensuous, amusing mistress you are, all garter belts and champagne...
give it time: his wife has left him, but don't rush in.
be the sensuous, amusing mistress you are, all garter belts and champagne...
...i'm talking about the authentic boomerang, not those you find in sydney souvenir stores.
the primitive boomerang of proud aboriginal warriors, that boomerang has a dynamism, a motion when it's thrown correctly, that is miraculous!
be the sensuous, amusing mistress you are, all garter belts and champagne.
keep on seeing him three to four times a week, wait for your turn.
be the sensuous, amusing mistress you are, all garter belts and champagne...
keep on seeing him 3 to 4 times a week, wait for your turn.
mrs brochant, for 2 hours i saw your husband try to find you.
he even called pascal meneaux, who was in the arms of a woman who wasn't you!
you can't imagine what he did out of love for you.
he made up with his best friend, dumped his girlfriend, braved a tax inspector!
be the sensuous, amusing mistress you are, all garter belts and champagne...
keep on seeing him 3 to 4 times a week, wait for your turn.
mrs brochant, for 2 hours i saw your husband try to find you.
he even called pascal meneaux, who was in the arms of a woman who wasn't you!
you can't imagine what he did out of love for you.
he made up with his best friend, dumped his girlfriend, braved a tax inspector!
give it time: his wife has left him, but don't rush in.
be the sensuous, amusing mistress you are, all garter belts and champagne...
...i'm talking about the authentic boomerang, not those you find in sydney souvenir stores.
the primitive boomerang of proud aboriginal warriors, that boomerang has a dynamism, a motion when it's thrown correctly, that is miraculous!
be the sensuous, amusing mistress you are, all garter belts and champagne.
keep on seeing him three to four times a week, wait for your turn.
be the sensuous, amusing mistress you are, all garter belts and champagne...
keep on seeing him 3 to 4 times a week, wait for your turn.
mrs brochant, for 2 hours i saw your husband try to find you.
he even called pascal meneaux, who was in the arms of a woman who wasn't you!
you can't imagine what he did out of love for you.
he made up with his best friend, dumped his girlfriend, braved a tax inspector!
be the sensuous, amusing mistress you are, all garter belts and champagne...
keep on seeing him 3 to 4 times a week, wait for your turn.
mrs brochant, for 2 hours i saw your husband try to find you.
he even called pascal meneaux, who was in the arms of a woman who wasn't you!
you can't imagine what he did out of love for you.
he made up with his best friend, dumped his girlfriend, braved a tax inspector!
give it time: his wife has left him, but don't rush in.
be the sensuous, amusing mistress you are, all garter belts and champagne...
...i'm talking about the authentic boomerang, not those you find in sydney souvenir stores.
the primitive boomerang of proud aboriginal warriors, that boomerang has a dynamism, a motion when it's thrown correctly, that is miraculous!
be the sensuous, amusing mistress you are, all garter belts and champagne.
keep on seeing him three to four times a week, wait for your turn.
be the sensuous, amusing mistress you are, all garter belts and champagne...
keep on seeing him 3 to 4 times a week, wait for your turn.
give it time: his wife has left him, but don't rush in.
be the sensuous, amusing mistress you are, all garter belts and champagne...
are you sure that subcontracting is the way to go here?
this guy's worked your town before, and if he lives up to his rep, this place'll be in flames.
we love the idea of going all willy loman, but we're not in the band.
and if i'd handed you a trombone, that would've been a problem, summers.
i'm doing it to test your awareness of an opponent's location during a fight in total darkness.
now, wait five seconds and then throw the ball at me.
i'm bored, and he's not here to give me credit for it.
the big pinhead librarian didn't show up, and i don't wanna do it.
you wanna slay stuff and i'm not allowed to do anything.
well, this is what i wanna do, so get off my back.
i say, your car seems to have had an adventure, doesn't it?
buffy assures me that it happened battling evil, so i'm letting her pay for it on the instalment plan.
the way things were going, be glad that's the worst that happened.
at least i got to the two of you before you actually did something.
now, wait five seconds and then throw the ball at me.
you ran out of new training ideas about a week ago, huh?
you make a good product and the people will come to you.
of course, a lot of them are gonna die, but that's the other reason i love this county.
buffy assures me that it happened battling evil, so i'm letting her pay for it on the instalment plan.
the way things were going, be glad that's the worst that happened.
are you sure that subcontracting is the way to go here?
this guy's worked your town before, and if he lives up to his rep, this place'll be in flames.
we love the idea of going all willy loman, but we're not in the band.
and if i'd handed you a trombone, that would've been a problem, summers.
i'm doing it to test your awareness of an opponent's location during a fight in total darkness.
now, wait five seconds and then throw the ball at me.
i'm bored, and he's not here to give me credit for it.
the big pinhead librarian didn't show up, and i don't wanna do it.
you wanna slay stuff and i'm not allowed to do anything.
well, this is what i wanna do, so get off my back.
i say, your car seems to have had an adventure, doesn't it?
buffy assures me that it happened battling evil, so i'm letting her pay for it on the instalment plan.
the way things were going, be glad that's the worst that happened.
at least i got to the two of you before you actually did something.
see ya, mr. m. ♪ we work and work to keep us strong ♪
♪ a great new land for everyone ♪ we live in manhattan ♪
anyway, we was walkin' in the tunnel, mindin' our own business-
then a train came, and my coat got caught, and we fell down a hole and we saw this skeleton.
from now on, that boy will be the very picture of punctuality.
[toplofty] yes, well, be that as it may, why is that old mouse butting in?
[raspberry] i am going to put a lot of starch in everything you wear.
i assure you, madam, there is nothing to be concerned about.
scuttlebutt here works with dr. dithering, a pack rat who lives up in the museum on 79th.
we support dr. dithering's research... as part of our public "commitment to culture," but, uh-
♪ that if our mice keep working our profit's sure to grow ♪
♪ i really like to see them sweat it makes me calm and cool ♪
♪ we've got it all together now we're in for the long haul ♪
♪ so a toast to them let's give a cheer ♪
♪ yes, we will rightly steer them on a sure and steady course ♪
♪ we're only here to help them down our chosen path, of course ♪
we come to you not as your bosses... but as fellow american mice, out of concern for you and your families.
for it has come to our attention... that there is a spy in our midst.
let us find the infiltrator... and send her back to her fellow barbarians with a message... that this land is our land,
[workers shout in agreement] and we are going to keep it that way.
cholena, do not blame yourself for the ways of the upper world.
it is not your fault that they are still greedy and ruthless.
[crowd cheering] must we really make a deal with that riffraff?
well, if we don't, they all stay out on strike, and we go broke.
you didn't prectice yesterday, or the day before, and i expect one half hour's worth of practice out of you.
i'm going to be listening, and you just better do it.
goin once for $300, going twice for $300, and i sold to you there in the rear there for $300.
i got $300 and .... sold it to you for $300.
here we got something here you been waiting for all night.
now you won't believe this, but this is really a little jewel.
but no...from the back of the room a gray-haired man came forward and picked up the bow.
and wiping the dust from the old violin, and tightening the frayed, loose strings,
he played a melody pure and sweet, as caroling angels sing.
the music ceased, and the auctioneer, with a voice that was quiet and low, said,
but the master comes... and the thoughtless crowd, never can quite understand the worth of a soul,
and the change that is wrought, by the touch of the master's hand.
california families who work hard and pay taxes shouldn`t pay for those who don`t.
l`m jay bulworth. i believe in a hand up, not a hand down.
murphy, do you think i have nothing better to do than wait around?
i don`t mind helping, but you could get your staff to show some respect for my time.
throw down some lazy, welfare-taking drug-dealing, rap-singing punk, and say my people have to give him a policy.
so he can burn down his house, smoke crack and get aids?
-he arrives at lax tomorrow night at 8:40 on american airlines.
second half of the money. lf l`m not dead by monday, l`ll stop payment.
you went to a fundraiser and told people their product is lousy.
as many of them are jewish you thought it prudent to mock their paranoia.
the only reason his legs ain`t snapped is he`s your brother.
what i really want to know ls where did little nina go?
this is good, give it a chance i never even knew that i could dance
some people can and some people can`t i don`t care lf l split my pants
we got three rich guys here getting paid by some really rich guys to ask a couple of other rich guys questions about their campaign.
but our campaigns are financed by the same guys that pay you.
and he gotta preach it right lf he don`t got shit to die for afraid to shed the light
he ain`t got shit to live for scumbag ls that how white people rap?
l`m a senator. i got to raise $10,000 a day in d.c.
i don`t get it in south central, but in beverly hills.
and then i paid a guy to hire a guy to kill me.
i tried to cancel, but the guy i paid is in a coma.
i can`t reach whoever he hired to tell him the job`s off.
there`s a lesson here, which is never make life or death decisions when you`re feeling suicidal, because you can`t--
senator bulworth, elaborately costumed made no explanation for his more casual mode of dress and behavior.
how can a man support himself working in a burger king?
attention is focused on california with one day of campaigning left.
in the senatorial race hugh weldie began campaigning early this morning.
with the bulworth campaign moments from the primary it`s keeping its candidate under wraps.
the obscenity black folks live with every day ls trying to believe a word politicians say
i got a reputation to protect, so you have to wear these.
if you help me, you wear these casts without breaking your legs.
and at the same time, restore its creative power... to reinvigorate our society...
and, uh... bring about a, uh, rebirth of, uh, democracy, uh...
what happened was... we all knew that was gonna be big news... so we all came down here...
bush, clinton, wilson... got our pictures taken, told you what you wanted to hear... and we pretty much forgot about it.
they depend on me to get a bill like that... and bottle it up in committee during an election... and then we can kill it when you´re not looking.
when you say "by the book, " what book would that be?
i´m concerned you went to a beverly hills fund-raiser... and told people in entertainment their product is lousy.
and, since many of them are jewish... you thought it prudent to mock their jewish paranoia.
i´m concerned we´re in a club in compton... before the most important campaign swing.
god knows what illegal activity is taking place... and you´re smoking marijuana!
once in a generation, if we´re lucky... an individual whose life and work... are the life and work of the people he represents.
such is the man who has served the people... of the state of california...
i like the pussy, the pussy, i like it really fine
and when you be a senator, you get it all the time
the young ones, the old ones, they really like ´em all
and when you be in washington, you hardly have to call
we are honored today by the attendance... of united states senator jay billington bulworth.
let us rejoice in his presence... and sing hymn number 376.
the format agreed to is as follows... there will be no opening statements.
questions will be addressed to each of the candidates... in alternating order.
and the first candidate will then have another 30 seconds... for a final comment on that question.
after the allotted time for questions... each candidate will make a final statement... of three minutes.
we got three pretty rich guys here... getting paid by some really rich guys... to ask a couple of other rich guys... questions about their campaign.
but our campaigns are financed by the same guys... that pay you guys your money... so what are we talking about?
they want you to think that corporations... are more efficient than government, right?
you want to know why the health care industry... is the most profitable business in the unites states?
´cause the insurance companies take 24 cents... out of every dollar that´s spent.
you know what it takes the government... to do the same thing for medicare?
i gotta tell you, i´m confused... because you and i could play ball.
but you are playing a much rougher brand of ball... than i´m accustomed to.
if you get in your car, i won´t recognize you in a lineup.
and it´d be a good idea to say, "l´m sorry, " huh?
that´s what you tell me... every time y´all vote to cut them school programs... and vote to cut them funds to the job programs.
fuck, how a man gonna handle his financial responsibilities... workin´ at motherfuckin´ burger king?
i gotta raise $10,000 a day every day i´m in washington
i ain´t gettin´ it in south central l´m gettin´ it in beverly hills
so i´m voting´ in the senate the way they want me to and... and... and i´m sending´ them my bills
but we got babies in south central dying´ as young as they do in peru
he´s afraid the guys at network gonna tell him he´s through
if he lets a guy keep talking like i´m talking to you
all we need is a voluntary... free-spirited, open-ended program... of procreative racial deconstruction.
everybody just gotta keep fuckin´ everybody... till they´re all the same color.
a few days ago, i made a deal with a guy... for a lot of life insurance... and then i, uh...
i paid a guy to hire a guy to get rid of me.
i tried to call it off... but the guy i paid had a heart attack.
he´s in the hospital in a coma... and there´s absolutely no way to contact whoever the guy is... that he hired to do the job and tell him it´s off.
in the democratic senatorial race... challenger hugh weldie began campaigning early today... in the san joaquin valley.
his opponent, senator jay bulworth... is said to be meeting with top advisors.
bulworth appears not only to have won... the democratic senatorial nomination... with a whopping 71% of the vote... he´s received 15% of the democratic vote... and 8% of the republican vote as a write-in for president.
bear in mind, bulworth has never expressed interest... in running for president.
now if you´re down with us... we´ii let you wear them casts without breakin´ your legs.
´cause i´m gonna flip this whole power shit a different way.
while the kids are poor, open new and better drug stores
so i became hard-core, couldn´t take it no more i´m gonna reveal everything, change the law
jay has been a great senator for california... but the best job he´s done is as a loving husband and father.
i believe in the old-fashioned values... of honesty and decency and fidelity.
we can´t afford any longer to give people privileges... on the basis of race.
it´s time we realized discrimination in the past... doesn´t justify discrimination in the future.
we´re down by four points... but the new spots are playing absolutely huge... and we´ii get 900 grand from the sunday brunch.
you might be asked about that insurance bill in five minutes.
i feel constrained to remind you that what we said was... a couple of million paid to your daughter...
four payments, 2.5 million each... ten million dollars to my daughter.
you make violent films and dirty films... and you make family films... but most of ´em are not very good, are they?
it´s funny that so many smart people... could work so hard and spend all that money... and make so much money on ´em...
i´m concerned that you told 300 people in a black church... they wouldn´t be a factor... as long as we´re controlled by insurance.
i´m concerned you went to a beverly hills fund-raiser... and told people in entertainment their product is lousy.
and, since many of them are jewish... you thought it prudent to mock their jewish paranoia.
i´m concerned we´re in a club in compton... before the most important campaign swing.
and when you be a senator, you get it all the time
the young ones, the old ones, they really like ´em all
questions will be addressed to each of the candidates... in alternating order.
the candidate to whom the question is addressed... will have two and a half minutes to answer.
come on, the guys you and i get our money from... they don´t want the people to have the news.
they want you to think that corporations... are more efficient than government, right?
you want to know why the health care industry... is the most profitable business in the unites states?
´cause the insurance companies take 24 cents... out of every dollar that´s spent.
but i´ii be goddamned if that asshole´s taking us down, too.
it´s not like i´ve not been completely loyal to that fucker.
you turned off the electricity... because you knew he was telling the truth!
you could have resumed that debate... but you didn´t want americans hearing what he had to say!
from city to city, i´m a menace till i pass by
ripping up shit just so you can remember i´m a straight-up nigger
bulworth unveiled a new strategy... at a fundraising brunch earlier today... which sources within the campaign said... raised a million and a half dollars.
major contributors were noncommittal when asked... how they felt about bulworth´s anti-business remarks.
you been like a daddy, tyrone, but i ain´t my mama.
i just hate seeing you get involved... in what you gettin´ involved in.
i ain´t gettin´ it in south central l´m gettin´ it in beverly hills
so i´m voting´ in the senate the way they want me to and... and... and i´m sending´ them my bills
i would cut to a commercial if you still want this job
because you may not be back tomorrow with this corporate mob
or a white boy bustin´ ass till they put him in his grave
he ain´t gotta be a black boy to be livin´ like a slave
i paid a guy to hire a guy to get rid of me.
i tried to call it off... but the guy i paid had a heart attack.
he´s in the hospital in a coma... and there´s absolutely no way to contact whoever the guy is... that he hired to do the job and tell him it´s off.
you know, there´s a lesson here... which is never try to make life or death decisions... when you´re...
and now the nation´s attention... is focused on california... with its last day of heated campaigning... before going to the polls tomorrow.
in the democratic senatorial race... challenger hugh weldie began campaigning early today... in the san joaquin valley.
that´s the question everybody is asking... this election day after the senator... astonished the political establishment yesterday... by making no appearances.
bulworth campaign chief dennis murphy said... the senator was behind closed doors... and would probably meet with the press later today.
bear in mind, bulworth has never expressed interest... in running for president.
political analysts from the bay area to the beltway... are scratching their heads in wonder... over this unprecedented turn of events.
´cause i´m gonna flip this whole power shit a different way.
and for the sake of your pretty little daughter right here...
jay has been a great senator for california... but the best job he's done is as a loving husband and father.
i believe in the old-fashioned values... of honesty and decency and fidelity.
we're down by four points... but the new spots are playing absolutely huge... and we'll get 900 grand from the sunday brunch.
you might be asked about that insurance bill in five minutes.
what happened was... we all knew that was gonna be big news... so we all came down here...
bush, clinton, wilson... got our pictures taken, told you what you wanted to hear... and we pretty much forgot about it.
you make violent films and dirty films... and you make family films... but most of 'em are not very good, are they?
it's funny that so many smart people... could work so hard and spend all that money... and make so much money on 'em...
i heard the head of arsenio's jimmy big as a apple.
why don't we take a look at that new 30-second spot?
ladies, we'll just be five minutes... because the senator is meeting the cardinal in the morning.
if i have to meet with the mackerel snappers... can't i just dump the sultan?
i'm concerned you went to a beverly hills fund-raiser... and told people in entertainment their product is lousy.
and, since many of them are jewish... you thought it prudent to mock their jewish paranoia.
i'm concerned we're in a club in compton... before the most important campaign swing.
god knows what illegal activity is taking place... and you're smoking marijuana!
once in a generation, if we're lucky... an individual whose life and work... are the life and work of the people he represents.
such is the man who has served the people... of the state of california...
i like the pussy, the pussy, i like it really fine
and when you be a senator, you get it all the time
the young ones, the old ones, they really like 'em all
and when you be in washington, you hardly have to call
we are honored today by the attendance... of united states senator jay billington bulworth.
let us rejoice in his presence... and sing hymn number 376.
questions will be addressed to each of the candidates... in alternating order.
the candidate to whom the question is addressed... will have two and a half minutes to answer.
we got three pretty rich guys here... getting paid by some really rich guys... to ask a couple of other rich guys... questions about their campaign.
but our campaigns are financed by the same guys... that pay you guys your money... so what are we talking about?
come on, the guys you and i get our money from... they don't want the people to have the news.
they want you to think that corporations... are more efficient than government, right?
you want to know why the health care industry... is the most profitable business in the unites states?
'cause the insurance companies take 24 cents... out of every dollar that's spent.
but i'll be goddamned if that asshole's taking us down, too.
it's not like i've not been completely loyal to that fucker.
you turned off the electricity... because you knew he was telling the truth!
you could have resumed that debate... but you didn't want americans hearing what he had to say!
bulworth unveiled a new strategy... at a fundraising brunch earlier today... which sources within the campaign said... raised a million and a half dollars.
major contributors were noncommittal when asked... how they felt about bulworth's anti-business remarks.
you been like a daddy, tyrone, but i ain't my mama.
i just hate seeing you get involved... in what you gettin' involved in.
i would cut to a commercial if you still want this job
because you may not be back tomorrow with this corporate mob
or a white boy bustin' ass till they put him in his grave
he ain't gotta be a black boy to be livin' like a slave
i paid a guy to hire a guy to get rid of me.
i tried to call it off... but the guy i paid had a heart attack.
he's in the hospital in a coma... and there's absolutely no way to contact whoever the guy is... that he hired to do the job and tell him it's off.
you know, there's a lesson here... which is never try to make life or death decisions... when you're...
senator jay bulworth, elaborately costumed... made no explanation or apologies... for what seemed a much more casual and comfortable... mode of dress and behavior.
how's a man gonna meet his responsibilities... workin' in a mother burger king?
and now the nation's attention... is focused on california... with its last day of heated campaigning... before going to the polls tomorrow.
in the democratic senatorial race... challenger hugh weldie began campaigning early today... in the san joaquin valley.
that's the question everybody is asking... this election day after the senator... astonished the political establishment yesterday... by making no appearances.
bulworth campaign chief dennis murphy said... the senator was behind closed doors... and would probably meet with the press later today.
bulworth appears not only to have won... the democratic senatorial nomination... with a whopping 71% of the vote... he's received 15% of the democratic vote... and 8% of the republican vote as a write-in for president.
bear in mind, bulworth has never expressed interest... in running for president.
'cause i'm gonna flip this whole power shit a different way.
and for the sake of your pretty little daughter right here...
the first is that the best man doesn'tgive the groom away.
the second is that you and i used to be married and the third is i'm not a man.
as far as our great love goes, you strayed during our honeymoon.
and let's not even discuss the name missy, is she a pony?
if you agree to take over, i think that you should just jump right in.
the case is not very complicated, and according to our jury consultants, we have a very sympathetic group impaneled.
it was as if that song was pointed right at my head.
i did her homework with her, drove her to the prom, all the nights i waited up.
i worked in her employ up until the time of her death.
in fact, ms young... it was you who supplied the defendant with the morphine and the iv, is that correct?
he said if she ever got in too much pain he wanted to help her manage it.
and how is it you even had access to this drug?
i had worked at a hospice for people dying of terminal diseases.
it was quite common for morphine drips to be used in connection with pain management.
i never thought mr myerson would use it to actually cause her death.
you stated you never thought my client would use the morphine to cause his wife's death.
did you have a therapist or any trained professional speak with her about her apparent wish to die?
i knew my wife better than any therapist ever could, and her wish to die was not apparent.
but what about that husband who wants his wife to die to perhaps prevent the estate from being financially drained.
what about the family who actually seeks to end their own suffering, because it's too horrible watching mom deteriorate?
but he admittedly, reflectively acted to end the life of a human being.
under the law which you took an oath to uphold, that's murder.
the dirty little secret is we went down that slope years ago.
officially we say were against assisted suicide, but it goes on all the time.
if we suspect foul play, have the police ask questions, if it smells funny, prosecute.
but here, there's no suggestion the mr myerson's motive was anything other than to satisfy his wife's wish and spare her the extreme indignity of experiencing the rotting of her brain.
in fact he was actually smiling more in the end then he...
on the day, the day we told the doctor to up the drip, he was blissful.
because ifthe dogs think we're taking out the garbage... theywon't be upset that we're leaving.
you don't think that they'll put it together afterwe're gone for two days?
[ sinister chuckle ] you are in big trouble, pretty boy.
you know, you're pretty cocky for someone who's never even made a snowball.
[ chuckling ] you know, larry and edward spoke... and i think there's some sort of confusion.
you didn't invite us to participate in some sort of a, uh, swap, did you?
we're supposed to be surrounded... by snowcapped peaks, sitting on a statelyverandah, sipping hot cider.
well, we can run across to that 7-eleven and get a couple ofslurpees.
i guess if you want me dead, you'll just have to do it yourself.
i did an infrared scan of the prison off satellite feeds.
she obviously wanted to be brought back here the whole time.
our intel was faulty from the start... planted by red cell to divert our attention from the real target: us.
i guess if you want me dead, you'll just have to do it yourself.
i did an infrared scan of the prison off satellite feeds.
she obviously wanted to be brought back here the whole time.
our intel was faulty from the start... planted by red cell to divert our attention from the real target: us.
the worst part of it is i convinced her to go.
when they started hauling people away, i chickened out and ran.
i am not a man who misleads his listeners and i am not a man who will shrink from a fight.
today, i find myself in a fight over the content of my show.
i was wondering when you'd get around to that so, allow me.
i was so ashamed of my chickening out at the rally that i grabbed at the first fight that came my way.
it turned out to be the wrong fight and i lost my job.
so if you follow that theory through to the end, this heady feeling of euphoria i'm experiencing right now is nothing more than a deep-seated denial.
you see, i was embroiled in a conflict with the management.
i'm happy to report it's been resolved, thanks to the efforts of our new station manager, a courageous and principled young man, ken daly.
i won't bore you with all the details, but he took on the big guys and won.
anyway, i apologise for our brief interruption yesterday and i assure you that today's will be even briefer.
we're here for kenny, the man who wants to start kacl daycare, roz.
the man who approved the airbrushing charges on your publicity photos, gil.
and, tooty, who was it that just doubled the story time puppet budget?
i know kenny's a great guy but i met joe martin once.
now it would be a great risk to hire kenny back.
but a man that stops taking risks in life pays a very dear price indeed.
it's a good thing they haven't passed legislation about automatic weapons in this city!
man, it was a long hard day on the police force today!
i'm a parent too, i have 3 children and it's just amazing.
when you have that first kid and it's just magical, and you think, "oh my gosh!"
"how am i gonna love someone as much as i love that first one!"
and then, of course, the second child's born and the truth is you love that second child almost as much as the first.
and i'm only gonna give the code to me and to you.
i'm not even sure if i'm gonna give it to you.
i think it's kind of a bad sign when your therapist says,
"that's a little bit more information than i wanted to know."
if i sent her a letter, she would send me a dollar.
and it was classic, you know how when you're a kid you'd always break open your piggy bank...
mom said that i had to make this a whole page"
and then i'd write "whole page" really big so it takes up a whole page.
do you know that in this country one home is broken into approximately every 15 minutes.
so since i've been here approximately one home has been broken into...
you know for a minute i thought you, uh, you're going too far!
why don't we get the phone book and we can just keep the peephole we have!
the guy dressed as a magician and he's got the disappearing box and you see his assistant and then you progress down the wall there and you see the guy gets in the box and there are no wires and he turns the box, and the next panel
the box is being turned again and then the very last panel...
and you run back really quickly and you watch it again,
"okay, he's getting in, clearly, there are no wires and i don't see him..."
people come and tell you all kinds of boring things and you never even yawn or anything.
i was listening to someone talking and i was having lunch with this guy and i got so bored, and i yawned and then we'd just started the lunch and i had to pretend that that was how i talked...
i do not understand how you are able memorize all that.
damn, could you not go on a vacation like a normal person?
i didn't want to let go off him, but i still am going to have to.
and that will be the fate of all who are not committed to work.
my grandmother always took care of her roses with great care.
since then i have dreamed to dedicate my life to grow roses.
you belong in everyday, you belong in the morning and evening
are in my first thoughts, you occupy my final ones too
so the little old lady decided to make a man out of stinky cheese.
she gave him a piece of bacon for a mouth and two olives for eyes...."
my job is to care for the children, and they don't want to be with you!
i'm getting a court order, and you will never be with these children again alone.
if not, i'll see you at 5 o'clock at the park.
all i ask is that they are alive when i get there.
and i think two people have to live that decision every day.
even when things are hard and you feel like giving up you have to hang on to that decision that choice to love each other.
what do you say to him when he says something like that?
i call him a fart-face or a pervert or something equally lame.
there will be a suitable boy outside your school on monday at 2:30 with a very expensive bike.
and he will be a stone fox, even if i have to call an escort service.
you haven't been here from the beginning worrying every day that the decisions you're making will shape the people they're going to be.
and you are not what i want my children to be.
you just have to think of me as off flying somewhere.
and, of course, the magician knows the secret that just because you don't see something doesn't mean it's not there.
[ sighs ] i'm wondering if there's anything going on at home...
that could possibly be intensifying anna's need to create this fantasy.
mr. harrison, i hear you talking about your life, your needs,
but are you really in touch with what anna needs ?
mrs. franklin, do you think any of this is easy for us ?
do you think it's easy for jackie to watch her kids...
why would i say that you and daddy are getting back together ?
sometimes people make up stories about things that they wish would happen.
jackie, i am so sorry-- i'm gonna say this one time, so listen carefully.
that woman is to have nothing more to do with my children.
how lucky we are that the police found him instead of some lunatic ?
i mean, they could-- jackie, you don't have to make it any worse.
well, i am not gonna sit here and wait for the next one.
i'm not gonna watch our children fall through the cracks of this arrangement.
it is not my job to make it easier for you.
it is my job to take care of those children, and they don't want to be with you !
and have federal agents jump out of the bushes and serve me with a court order ?
how many years do you get in this state for giving second-rate care to minors ?
you want to take a 12-year-old girl to a pearl jam concert on a school night ?
[ chuckles ] i just thought it would be something nice...
but you said the last time that you got it all.
so if you were wrong the last time, there's a good chance you're wrong this time,
i'm picking up benjamin from a birthday party, and i lost the address.
i just need to speak to her for one quick second.
i wouldn't have to snoop around if you were honest with luke.
i would have thought this was the answer to your prayers.
♪ i'll be there in a hurry you don't have to worry ♪
♪ 'cause, baby, there ain't no mountain high enough ♪ i'm sorry you're sick.
♪ no matter where you are no matter how far ♪
- ♪ don't worry, baby ♪ - ♪ just call my name ♪
♪ no, no, baby ♪ ♪ 'cause you are my goal ♪
♪ if you're ever in trouble i'll be there on the double ♪
♪ although we are miles apart ♪ ♪ if you ever need a helping hand ♪
♪ i'll be there on the double just as fast as i can ♪
♪ don't you know that there ain't no mountain high enough ♪
♪ ain't no valley low enough ♪ [ dog barking ]
sweetie, did you really think at 12 you would meet someone...
that you'd want to spend the rest of your life with ?
what do you say to him when he says something like that ?
i call him a fart face, or pervert, or something equally lame.
um, i'm working on a christmas project for ben and anna,
and there aren't any recent photos of me with the kids,
i think they're gonna wanna talk to anna's mother, thank you.
what is it you're worried about, looking bad at the p.t.a. ?
the next time something happens, and the stakes are really high,
she's gonna look back on this and remember how easy it was and how good it felt.
are gonna shape the people that they are going to be.
and you are not what i want my children to be.
we'd better get out there before he starts rippin' open all the presents.
[ luke ] ben, ben, ben, ben, have a little patience.
in the three short years since our divorce, he's seen a number of women, and...
i saw a few women when we first split up, but i've been seeing one woman for the past year.
mrs. franklin, do you think any of this is easy for us?
do you think it's easy for jackie to watch her kids being looked after by another woman?
why would i say that you and daddy are getting back together?
sometimes people make up stories about things that they wish would happen.
what i meant, and perhaps i didn't say it well, is that you have a great mom, you don't need another one.
but i would like to be treated with some respect when you are in this house.
rapunzel, if you could reach your hand out like that again?
wouldn't it be cool if her hair came out of her armpits?
well, i am not gonna sit here and wait for the next one.
i'm not gonna watch our children fall through the cracks of this arrangement.
it is my job to take care of those children, and they don't want to be with you.
i'm getting a court order, and you are never going to be with these children again, alone.
your mother had to help a friend with this emergency, and so she called me to switch days.
but i got caught up at work and just forgot all about you.
do you have a word limit that you have to hit every day, or may i finish?
here's the kids' schedule, my beeper number, in case of emergency.
you want to take a 12-year-old girl to a pearl jam concert on a school night?
i just thought it would be something nice that she and i could do together.
we found some cells in your lymph nodes, in three of them.
but you said the last time that you got it all.
like trying to see the good side of isabel, and what she brings to your father's life and to yours.
you know, there comes a time in every family when you've got to be there for each other.
i'm picking up benjamin from a birthday party, and i lost the address.
i just need to speak to her for one quick second.
i saw the airline tickets and the note from your new boss.
i know you're not working at random house in new york.
i wouldn't have to snoop around if you were honest with luke.
i would have thought this was the answer to your prayers.
so i'm supposed to rearrange my life so that i can accommodate your schedule?
if you are so damned concerned, why don't you get a new career?
♪ i'll be there on the double just as fast as i can ♪
♪ and don't you know that there ain't no mountain high enough ♪
they all yell, "there goes the virgin queen" or "the ice princess"
or some real clever cut like that, like it hurts my feelings.
what do you say to him when he says something like that?
i call him a fart face or pervert or something equally lame.
you can either pretend to be an adult, or you can actually be one.
so, sit here in the cold, crying, by yourself, or do something about it, together.
as for your pitiful knowledge of what a woman really wants,
i'm not wasting my time on some pathetic loser who doesn't even know what snow-blowing is.
they are pleading for you to tell them how to do the right thing, and sure as hell, that's what you've done.
the next time something happens and the stakes are really high, she's gonna look back on this and she's gonna remember how easy it was and how good it felt.
you haven't been here from the beginning, worrying every minute of every day that the decisions you're making are gonna shape the people that they are going to be.
and you are not what i want my children to be.
and, of course, the magician knows the secret, that just because you don't see something, doesn't mean it's not there.
so even though it might seem like i'm gone, the magician knows better.
we can talk to each other there, and go for walks together in the summer and in the winter and in the rain and the sun.
i can come and pick you up and we can go flying.
why doesn't everybody get on the sofa for a picture, huh?
baby, can you put that birdcage on the floor for me?
♪ no matter where you are no matter how far ♪
♪ just call my name i'll be there in a hurry ♪
♪ i told you you could always count on me, darling ♪
♪ if you're ever in trouble i'll be there on the double ♪
do you think it's easy for jackie to watch her kids being looked after by another woman?
not to mention a woman who really has no experience being a mother.
what i meant, and perhaps i didn't say it well, is that you have a great mom, you don't need another one.
but i would like to be treated with some respect when you are in this house.
a 12-year-old girl is trying to cope with the fact that her father is never moving back in here with his family.
she sees her father naked in the shower with another woman for the first time, and you think it would be better for her if everyone just pretends nothing happened?
look, you don't use that kind of language in this house.
and if every time life hits her hard, you want to have some 12-hour conversation every third tuesday of the month, you go right ahead, lady.
well, i am not gonna sit here and wait for the next one.
i'm not gonna watch our children fall through the cracks of this arrangement.
it is my job to take care of those children, and they don't want to be with you.
i'm getting a court order, and you are never going to be with these children again, alone.
you're supposed to care about me, like i care about you.
like you cared about me three years ago, when you walked out?
your mother had to help a friend with this emergency, and so she called me to switch days.
but i got caught up at work and just forgot all about you.
do you have a word limit that you have to hit every day, or may i finish?
here's the kids' schedule, my beeper number, in case of emergency.
you want to take a 12-year-old girl to a pearl jam concert on a school night?
i just thought it would be something nice that she and i could do together.
we found some cells in your lymph nodes, in three of them.
but you said the last time that you got it all.
like trying to see the good side of isabel, and what she brings to your father's life and to yours.
you know, there comes a time in every family when you've got to be there for each other.
i would have thought this was the answer to your prayers.
you lose the witch and her two little brats in one swoop.
charlie drummond is, um, a colleague of mine from random house in new york, and she... (sighs)
she moved to the west coast office and i'm gonna be crashing with her while i'm getting protein injections that are recommended by my oncologist.
they all yell, "there goes the virgin queen" or "the ice princess"
or some real clever cut like that, like it hurts my feelings.
what do you say to him when he says something like that?
i call him a fart face or pervert or something equally lame.
as for your pitiful knowledge of what a woman really wants,
i'm not wasting my time on some pathetic loser who doesn't even know what snow-blowing is.
we can talk to each other there, and go for walks together in the summer and in the winter and in the rain and the sun.
i can come and pick you up and we can go flying.
♪ i'll be there on the double just as fast as i can ♪
♪ don't you know that there ain't no mountain high enough ♪
do you think it's easy for jackie to... watch her kids been looked after by another woman?
not to mention, a woman who really has no experience being a mother
look, i'm just trying to make things work here and... trying to give you guys time to get used to living together
all right, then back off just a little bit and give me a chance, okay?
what i meant, and perhaps i didn't say it well... is that you have a great mom.
you don't need another one but i would like to be treated with some respect... when you are in this house
so, since daddy's gonna be working you want to do something on saturday, just you and me?
sure, but it'll have to be in the evening cause' i'm helping bonnie lyons move into her apartment and...
well, i am not gonna sit here and wait for the next one
i'm not gonna watch our children fall through the cracks of this arrangement
it is my job to care of those children, and they don't want to be with you!
i'm getting a court order, and you are never going to be with these children again alone
i have another appointment this afternoon, and i i need somebody... to take the children to the park
and have federal agents jump from the bushes and serve me with a court order?
if not, i'll see you at 5 o'clock at the park
all i'm asking is that my children still be alive when i get there
so you wanna take a 12-year-old girl to a pearl jam concert on a school night?
i just thought it would be something nice that she and i could do together
you don't usually see that color in the afternoon except on working girls
anyway... wash your face, because you and i are going out in 10 minutes
i'm picking up benjamin from a birthday party and i lost the address
i just need to speak to her for one quick second
i'll be there on the double just as fast as i can
don't you know that ain't no mountain high enough ain't no valley low enough ain't no river wide enough to keep me from getting to you, babe
what do you say to him when he says something like that?
i call him a fart-face or a pervert or something equally lame
you can either pretend to be an adult or you can actually be one
so... sit here in the cold, crying ...by yourself or do something about it together
"listen up, limp-dick 'cause i'm only in to say this once:
as far as your pitiful knowledge of what a woman really wants goes i am not going to waste my time with some...
and, of course, the magician he knows the secret that just because you don't see something doesn't mean it's not there
so even though it might ...seem like i'm gone the magician knows better
i mean, that's how... people go on forever, you know because somebody takes them along
on your graduation and your wedding and when you have your babies
[ sighs ] i'm wondering if there's anything going on at home...
that could possibly be intensifying anna's need to create this fantasy.
mr. harrison, i hear you talking about your life, your needs,
but are you really in touch with what anna needs ?
mrs. franklin, do you think any of this is easy for us ?
do you think it's easy for jackie to watch her kids...
why would i say that you and daddy are getting back together ?
sometimes people make up stories about things that they wish would happen.
jackie, i am so sorry-- i'm gonna say this one time, so listen carefully.
that woman is to have nothing more to do with my children.
how lucky we are that the police found him instead of some lunatic ?
i mean, they could-- jackie, you don't have to make it any worse.
well, i am not gonna sit here and wait for the next one.
i'm not gonna watch our children fall through the cracks of this arrangement.
it is not my job to make it easier for you.
it is my job to take care of those children, and they don't want to be with you !
and have federal agents jump out of the bushes and serve me with a court order ?
how many years do you get in this state for giving second-rate care to minors ?
you want to take a 12-year-old girl to a pearl jam concert on a school night ?
[ chuckles ] i just thought it would be something nice...
but you said the last time that you got it all.
so if you were wrong the last time, there's a good chance you're wrong this time,
i'm picking up benjamin from a birthday party, and i lost the address.
i just need to speak to her for one quick second.
i wouldn't have to snoop around if you were honest with luke.
i would have thought this was the answer to your prayers.
♪ i'll be there in a hurry you don't have to worry ♪
♪ 'cause, baby, there ain't no mountain high enough ♪ i'm sorry you're sick.
♪ no matter where you are no matter how far ♪
- ♪ don't worry, baby ♪ - ♪ just call my name ♪
♪ no, no, baby ♪ ♪ 'cause you are my goal ♪
♪ if you're ever in trouble i'll be there on the double ♪
♪ although we are miles apart ♪ ♪ if you ever need a helping hand ♪
♪ i'll be there on the double just as fast as i can ♪
♪ don't you know that there ain't no mountain high enough ♪
♪ ain't no valley low enough ♪ [ dog barking ]
sweetie, did you really think at 12 you would meet someone...
that you'd want to spend the rest of your life with ?
what do you say to him when he says something like that ?
i call him a fart face, or pervert, or something equally lame.
um, i'm working on a christmas project for ben and anna,
and there aren't any recent photos of me with the kids,
i think they're gonna wanna talk to anna's mother, thank you.
what is it you're worried about, looking bad at the p.t.a. ?
the next time something happens, and the stakes are really high,
she's gonna look back on this and remember how easy it was and how good it felt.
are gonna shape the people that they are going to be.
and you are not what i want my children to be.
we'd better get out there before he starts rippin' open all the presents.
[ luke ] ben, ben, ben, ben, have a little patience.
your daddy said he had a very important case this morning and had to go to work early.
and he left us here to be responsible that we could...
mom, why do we have to listen to this classical stuff?
because i like it, and i'm driving and when you get your own car, you can pick the music.
mrs. franklin, do you think any of this is easy for us?
do you think it's easy for jackie to watch her kids looked after by another woman?
why would i say that you and daddy were getting back together?
sometimes people make up stories about things that they wish would happen!
so the little old lady decided to make a man out of stinky cheese.
she gave him a piece of bacon for a mouth and two olives for eyes... "
so, since daddy's gonna be working you want to do something on saturday, just you and me?
sure, but it'll have to be in the evening 'cause i'm helping bonnie lyons move into her apartment, and so you're going to be with isabel.
well, i am not gonna sit here and wait for the next one.
i'm not gonna watch our children fall through the cracks of this arrangement.
it is my job is to care of those children, and they don't want to be with you!
i'm getting a court order, and you are never going to be with these children again alone.
you're supposed to care about me, like i care about you.
like you cared about me 2 years ago when you walked out that door?
here's the kid's schedule, my beeper number, in case of emergency.
if not, i'll see you at 5 o'clock at the park.
and i think two people have to live that decision every day.
even when things are hard and you feel like giving up you have to hang on to that decision that choice to to love each other.
baby, isabel's not going to take my place as your mom!
it's just that isabel's going to be in your life and hopefully, you can learn to accept her.
you don't usually see that color in the afternoon, except on working girls.
anyway wash your face, because you and i are going out in 10 minutes.
i'm picking up benjamin from a party and i lost the address.
i just need to speak to her for one quick second.
i saw the airline tickets and note from your new boss.
i know you're not working at random house in new york.
oh, so i'm supposed to rearrange my life so that i can accommodate your schedules?
if you're so damned concerned, why don't you get a new career?
you know that boy i was telling you about, brad kovitsky?
well... he's been a real jerk lately, and my mom told me to ignore him.
"listen up, limp-dick 'cause i'm only in to say this once.
as far as your pitiful knowledge of what a woman really wants goes i am not going to waste my time with some loser who doesn't even know what snowblowing is."
you just have to think of me as a off flying somewhere.
and, of course, the magician he knows the secret that just because you don't see something doesn't mean it's not there.
saw a few women when we first split up but i've been seeing one woman for the past year.
after a lot of thought and carefull discussion with her and the kids
do you think it's easy for jackie to watch her kids looked after by another woman?
not to mention that a woman who really has no experience being a mother.
so the little old lady decided to make a man out of stinky cheese.
she gave him a piece of bacon for a mouth and two olives for eyes... "
so, since daddy's gonna be working you want to do something on saturday, just you and me?
sure, but it'll have to be in the evening 'cause i'm helping bonnie lyons move into her apartment, and so you're going to be with isabel.
well, i am not gonna sit here and wait for the next one.
i'm not gonna watch our children fall through the cracks of this arrangement.
it is my job is to care of those children, and they don't want to be with you!
i'm getting a court order, and you are never going to be with these children again alone.
you're supposed to care about me, like i care about you.
like you cared about me 2 years ago when you walked out that door?
here's the kid's schedule, my beeper number, in case of emergency.
if not, i'll see you at 5 o'clock at the park.
and i think two people have to live that decision every day.
even when things are hard and you feel like giving up you have to hang on to that decision that choice to to love each other.
baby, isabel's not going to take my place as your mom!
it's just that isabel's going to be in your life and hopefully, you can learn to accept her.
you don't usually see that color in the afternoon, except on working girls.
anyway wash your face, because you and i are going out in 10 minutes.
i'm picking up benjamin from a party and i lost the address.
i just need to speak to her for one quick second.
i saw the airline tickets and note from your new boss.
i know you're not working at random house in new york.
oh, so i'm supposed to rearrange my life so that i can accommodate your schedules?
if you're so damned concerned, why don't you get a new career?
you know that boy i was telling you about, brad kovitsky?
well... he's been a real jerk lately, and my mom told me to ignore him.
"listen up, limp-dick 'cause i'm only in to say this once.
as far as your pitiful knowledge of what a woman really wants goes i am not going to waste my time with some loser who doesn't even know what snowblowing is."
you just have to think of me as a off flying somewhere.
and, of course, the magician he knows the secret that just because you don't see something doesn't mean it's not there.
vash... vash! can you stand, vash? oops! what was that for?
it's just you and me, like two brothers on our own.
this is all your fault! you killed rem... ...the crew... ...you killed them all! yes, and it's very colorful.
it's superb... ...aside from the fraction who will be saved because of rem's meddling.
don't! are you still worried about that nonsense after 15 years? the self-contradicting nonsense of a stupid woman.
i won't let you kill any more! hey, i think you got the wrong idea somewhere.
what is this pain? did you shoot me? did you shoot me...? did you really shoot me?
! wait... vash! rem... where...? this man is related to rem! he's still alive! i have to tell him about rem! hey, vash! now everything joining you and rem is gone.
it was the greatest! he cancelled me out! i didn't make them to be used like that! they're practically meaningless otherwise.
i guess i can't talk sense into you, huh? yeah, i've already made my decision.
the blue ribboners have truly been making the grade... and doing wonderful things on the playing field.
all of us here are aware of the tragedy back in chicago.
we've found they go through a brief period... of being, shall we say, snobby.
but what it really is is a feeling that's new to them.
but i did find that excess stimulation to the pineal gland... caused the dopamine levels to go through the roof.
every time one of these kids gets a hard-on, they beat somebody with it.
'cause around here, people go crazy if you talk about a dead brother.
[ car stereo ] ♪ they'll be sorry when you're gone ♪
what do you say we cruise town, chase a case, hit the bluff and drink some beer?
you know, consecrate stevie boy's arrival... to this new and pathetic tank town.
--and by conducting the bake sale in conjunction with the pep rally, we can be selling cakes and cookies... at a time when school spirit is at its optimum level.
- well, i had no idea the evil was this pervasive.
kids, being kids, have, you may have noticed, a tendency to overreact.
and we've found they go through a brief period... of being, shall we say, snobby.
the chip is functioning properly, but what i did find is that excess stimulation to the pineal gland... caused the dopamine levels to go through the roof.
every time one of these kids gets a hard-on, they go out and beat somebody with it.
the blue ribboners have truly been making the grade... and doing wonderful things on the playing field.
all of us here are aware of the tragedy back in chicago.
we've found they go through a brief period... of being, shall we say, snobby.
but what it really is is a feeling that's new to them.
the blue ribboners have truly been making the grade... and doing wonderful things on the playing field.
all of us here are aware of the tragedy back in chicago.
we've found they go through a brief period... of being, shall we say, snobby.
but what it really is is a feeling that's new to them.
but i did find that excess stimulation to the pineal gland... caused the dopamine levels to go through the roof.
every time one of these kids gets a hard-on, they beat somebody with it.
shannon, do you get yelled at if you talk about your dead grandfather?
around here people go crazy if you talk about a dead brother.
what do you say we cruise town, chase a case... hit the bluff and drink some beer?
consecrate stevie boy's arrival to this new and pathetic tank town.
the story of a man like so many others, as common as can be.
it starts off in france, shithole of cheese and nazi lovers.
at the age of 14, driven by survival, he learns to be a butcher.
for ten years he works around, saving up penny after penny to pay for his market place.
a neighbor spots them and takes the girl to her father.
seeing blood on her skirt, he can only think of rape.
she gets pregnant and offers to sell her bar to start over from scratch, in another city.
with the proceeds, she can afford to lease a meat market.
the next morning, he drives out of paris with the matron, hoping to escape the dark tunnel of his existence.
they reach lille and stay with the matron's mother, waiting to find a flat and shop of their own.
but the butcher, like every man, is a being of pure survival.
he decides to forget his past and his betrayal of his daughter.
he's got to know where to position his wheels when the going gets rough.
he must know when to break away from the anonymity of the pack.
your friend because he gets you a job that feeds you and stops you from dying.
and your fat old lady because she cooks, empties your balls, and gives you kids to care for you when you're old and afraid of dying.
i won't be the last interchangeable cog in a huge machine.
the day of my death i want to know that i've done more than the same crap done by a shitload of groveling morons.
either you're born with a cock and you're only worthwhile when you act like a nice hard cock that wags around in holes.
or you're born with a hole, and you're only good if you get reamed.
being without a cock, the only way they can feel strong in front of a man is to betray him by latching on to another cock, especially when it's got more money.
the part i like is that after having stuffed her snatch, her prince charming dropped her like stinky cheese.
the hotel owner, your so-called friends, or the bartender on the corner, they don't give a fuck.
show them you're not in the money and they'll throw your ass out.
i hope he hasn't retired yet, he's wanted to for so long.
good old roland, he's gotta have a few bills stashed away.
and from time to time i can give you a place to sleep.
for a day or two, that i can do, if you like.
still, if there's work, as a former butcher i should have priority.
i only hope he doesn't ask questions about the arabs who took over my shop.
i wait for him after work in front of the slaughterhouse.
as he leaves i tail him and the bent fag starts to twitter.
see, you have a house, a car, clothes and money, nice and cozy in a bank.
well, after 35 years of work, i don't have a thing.
but you know, i wish i'd had a normal life like yours.
after 35 years of work and honesty my former supplier treats me like lowlife scum.
and in the jungle you better be one of the strongest.
otherwise, you're mere prey, forced to save your ass by running.
you do like others do, pretend to love wife, kids and friends like they all pretend to love you.
but the day your life or house catches fire, when your middle-class dreams crumble, and you have no more to give, your brothers, your so-called friends will all join together to crush you.
there are only laws that strangers have made for their own good, laws that bind me in unhappiness.
and among these laws one says i must not love you because you are my daughter.
to be able to survive the boy becomes a butcher at 14.
the next ten years he works for various people saving every cent for his own business.
the next day the man drives out of paris with his wife hoping to escape the dark tunnel that is his life.
in lille they move in with the woman's mother until they find a house and a shop.
alone with our body alone with our life which is like a tunnel, impossible to share.
over the years it only gets worse only leaving memories of a life that's slowly deteriorating.
only when there's an inheritance the children pretend to be nice.
but for a fridge or tv there is, no need to play nice guy.
your friend because he helps you get a job so you stay alive.
your wife because she cooks for you and relieves you of your sperm and gives you children to look after you when you're old and afraid to die.
when they put you in a home that will be their excuse to hide their disinterest... that we all have toward our up bringers.
no, i don't like the baby they're trying to let me have.
but most of them are cranky because they don't have a cock.
for fuck's sake the woman left me and the kid for a portuguese guy.
even though being nice to one's customers doesn't mean that much.
in case there is work for me they would prefer a butcher like me.
it's an insult to us that this asshole is a frenchman.
if we're being controlled by these people we must be a nation of rich bastards.
and the white collars can take our money, happiness and dignity from us.
each day these frauds and their sons have their hands in your pockets and your ass.
if robespierre was a national hero so will i on a small scale, by killing all those pigs that don't want to give me a job because i was in jail.
does he want me to become a lowlife that sucks his dick for a dime?
it must be exhausting to refuse giving people a job all day.
boy you sure know how to humiliate people form behind your desk.
and in the jungle you better be with the strong animals.
or you're a prey that has to constantly run for its life.
or you're born rich and you take care of your money.
pretending to love your wife, kids and friends just like they pretend to love you.
and today i'm going to blow his queer head to pieces.
it's the only way of getting my dignity back and my joy in life.
fortunately the americans and the russians killed those nazis and their fucking wives.
but they left the nazi pest still around in this country.
even if i go to jail i'll always have this moment to give me courage.
and the satisfaction of having done what i wanted and not what someone did.
just laws that unknown people made to protect themselves that lock me and my sadness away.
one of those laws says i can not love you because you're my daughter.
to be able to survive the boy becomes a butcher at 14.
the next 10 years he works for various people saving every cent for his own business.
the next day the man drives out of paris with his wife hoping to escape the dark tunnel that is his life.
in lille they move in with the woman's mother until they find a house and a shop.
only when there's an inheritance the children pretend to be nice.
but for a fridge or tv there is, no need to play nice guy.
you love your mother because she feeds you so you stay alive.
your friend because he helps you get a job so you stay alive.
your wife because she cooks for you and relieves you of your sperm and gives you children to look after you when you're old and afraid to die.
but punish your child once and it'll retaliate when you're old.
the day i die i want to have done more than the shit millions of fuckers have done together.
look at it like this every sucker's done the same things that i did.
either you're born with a cock which has to be a big hard dick filling snatches.
or you're born with a pussy which has to be filled with cock.
but most of them are cranky because they don't have a cock.
for fuck's sake the woman left me and the kid for a portuguese guy.
in case there is work for me they would prefer a butcher like me.
i hope he won't ask about the arab that took over my store.
it's an insult to us that this asshole is a frenchman.
if we're being controlled by these people we must be a nation of rich bastards.
and the white collars can take our money, happiness and dignity from us.
each day these frauds and their sons have their hands in your pockets and your ass.
it must be exhausting to refuse giving people a job all day.
boy you sure know how to humiliate people form behind your desk.
and in the jungle you better be with the strong animals.
or you're a prey that has to constantly run for its life.
or you're born rich and you take care of your money.
pretending to love your wife, kids and friends just like they pretend to love you.
if i had to kill an asshole, he's the biggest prick i know.
and today i'm going to blow his queer head to pieces.
even if i go to jail i'll always have this moment to give me courage.
and the satisfaction of having done what i wanted and not what someone did.
to be able to survive the boy becomes a butcher at 14.
the next ten years he works for various people saving every cent for his own business.
the next day the man drives out of paris with his wife hoping to escape the dark tunnel that is his life.
in lille they move in with the woman's mother until they find a house and a shop.
alone with our body alone with our life which is like a tunnel, impossible to share.
over the years it only gets worse only leaving memories of a life that's slowly deteriorating.
only when there's an inheritance the children pretend to be nice.
but for a fridge or tv there is, no need to play nice guy.
illusions from your youth, to cover up the fact that all human relationships are redundant.
sure friendship and love are useful, only when they're beneficiary .
your friend because he helps you get a job so you stay alive.
your wife because she cooks for you and relieves you of your sperm and gives you children to look after you when you're old and afraid to die.
when they put you in a home that will be their excuse to hide their disinterest... that we all have toward our up bringers.
no, i don't like the baby they're trying to let me have.
but most of them are cranky because they don't have a cock.
for fuck's sake the woman left me and the kid for a portuguese guy.
even though being nice to one's customers doesn't mean that much.
in case there is work for me they would prefer a butcher like me.
it's an insult to us that this asshole is a frenchman.
if we're being controlled by these people we must be a nation of rich bastards.
and the white collars can take our money, happiness and dignity from us.
each day these frauds and their sons have their hands in your pockets and your ass.
if robespierre was a national hero so will i on a small scale, by killing all those pigs that don't want to give me a job because i was in jail.
does he want me to become a lowlife that sucks his dick for a dime?
it must be exhausting to refuse giving people a job all day.
boy you sure know how to humiliate people form behind your desk.
and in the jungle you better be with the strong animals.
or you're a prey that has to constantly run for its life.
or you're born rich and you take care of your money.
pretending to love your wife, kids and friends just like they pretend to love you.
and today i'm going to blow his queer head to pieces.
it's the only way of getting my dignity back and my joy in life.
fortunately the americans and the russians killed those nazis and their fucking wives.
but they left the nazi pest still around in this country.
even if i go to jail i'll always have this moment to give me courage.
and the satisfaction of having done what i wanted and not what someone did.
just laws that unknown people made to protect themselves that lock me and my sadness away.
one of those laws says i can not love you because you're my daughter.
i have to write five pages to stick to his schedule.
so play for 30 minutes, then write until he gets home.
i have to write five pages to stick to his schedule.
well, so play for the next 30 minutes, then you can write until he gets home.
and the reason i'm doing this is because i am joey's friend.
and if you were a good friend, you'd be doing the same thing.
yeah, or also when you don't have somebody breathing down your neck all the livelong day!
well, that's fine, but the important thing is i finished it.
i have to write five pages to stick to his schedule.
so play for 30 minutes, then write until he gets home.
set it down there and then you can make a contribution.
you can leave the " hurt bunny" look over there too.
i guess without so many distractions it's easier for you to focus, huh?
also without somebody breathing down your neck all the livelong day!
i have to write 5 pages to stick to his schedule.
so play for 30 minutes, then write until he gets home.
i have to write 5 pages to stick to his schedule.
so play for 30 minutes, then write until he gets home.
i guess without so many distractions it's easier for you to focus?
also without somebody breathing down your neck all the livelong day!
yeah, yeah, i'm going to be out there spreading joy to the people.
i mean, last year, i spread a little joy but not really enough.
chandler, i can't be playing games, ross is gonna be home soon.
and i have to write five whole pages if i'm gonna stick to his schedule.
yeah, i think we said good-bye to that when we invented hammer darts.
do you even remember which part of the wall is not spackle?
i think he's been relaxing enough, thanks to you and fireball.
dude, if you think fireball's relaxing, you've obviously have never played.
and if you were a good friend, you'd be doing the same thing.
oh, so being a good friend means acting like a total jerk?
there's some kids playing in the street, you wanna go down there and give them a project, ruin their day?
hey, if they have a ball maybe you can stick razor blades in it and teach them a new game, gonna need stitches ball.
yeah, well, that's fine, but the important thing is that i finished it.
and uh, i think it's really good, but y'know it'd really help me is if i could hear it.
i don't know what you two were talking about, but i'd like to say thanks to both of you.
you, you wouldn't let me give up on myself, and you well you co-created fireball.
i have to write five pages to stick to his schedule.
well, so play for the next 30 minutes, then you can write until he gets home.
we were jogging in the park, we saw that pretty bird.
and i wanted to take a picture but i didn't have my camera.
set it down over there and then you can make a contribution.
and you can leave the "hurt bunny" look over there too.
you wanna go down there, give them a project, ruin their day?
hey, if they have a ball, maybe you could stick razor blades in it and teach them a new game:
yeah, or also when you don't have somebody breathing down your neck all the livelong day!
well, that's fine, but the important thing is i finished it.
i have to write 5 pages to stick to his schedule.
so play for 30 minutes, then write until he gets home.
i guess without so many distractions it's easier for you to focus, huh?
also without somebody breathing down your neck all the livelong day!
if we were chased, the police would only see one number plate.
if they see the other one, they would have conflicting emotions.
last week, i gave a ride to a female german tourist.
her breasts were so pointy that i could see the nipples - through her bra, t-shirt and thick cardigan.
when i shoot, they'll realise we're not dicking for a draft.
the customers will hit the deck, the tellers will fill the bags.
but once a host and symbiont are joined, there's not much they can do.
my parents, my friends, my crewmates... it's like they don't know me anymore, which is understandable since i hardly even know myself.
the bajorans can't drive the romulans off derna without help, and the federation isn't going to provide that help now.
we're not as important to the war effort as the romulans.
you are here to convince yourselves that you are worthy of her.
but none of you could ever hope to be worthy of her or even understand the kind of woman she was.
maybe not, but i know how much you hate waiting and mike hammer has certain qualities i think you'll appreciate:
he's as tough as they come and he hates waiting as much as you do.
any ship attempting to break through the blockade... will be fired upon.
do you think your impulse ships stand a chance against our warbirds?
did the prophets send me to tyree to release you from the orb?
the kosst amojan tried to stop you with a false vision.
but once a host and symbiont are joined, there's not much they can do.
my parents, my friends, my crewmates... it's like they don't know me anymore, which is understandable since i hardly even know myself.
the bajorans can't drive the romulans off derna without help, and the federation isn't going to provide that help now.
we're not as important to the war effort as the romulans.
you are here to convince yourselves that you are worthy of her.
but none of you could ever hope to be worthy of her or even understand the kind of woman she was.
maybe not, but i know how much you hate waiting and mike hammer has certain qualities i think you'll appreciate:
he's as tough as they come and he hates waiting as much as you do.
any ship attempting to break through the blockade... will be fired upon.
do you think your impulse ships stand a chance against our warbirds?
did the prophets send me to tyree to release you from the orb?
the kosst amojan tried to stop you with a false vision.
but once a host and symbiont are joined, there's not much they can do.
my parents, my friends, my crewmates... it's like they don't know me anymore, which is understandable since i hardly even know myself.
if you understand what he's talking about, can you explain it?
we are going to fly so close to the heart of the sun that our ship will glow like a flaming comet.
you are here to convince yourselves that you are worthy of her.
but none of you could ever hope to be worthy of her or even understand the kind of woman she was.
maybe not, but i know how much you hate waiting and mike hammer has certain qualities i think you'll appreciate:
he's as tough as they come and he hates waiting as much as you do.
jadzia meant a great deal to all of you and you meant a great deal to her.
when we discussed our day, she would repeat something that you had told her, or describe the intricacies of some new scheme of yours.
i was on the destiny when the symbiont was being taken back to trill.
it took a bad turn and needed to be placed in a host immediately.
my parents, my friends, my crewmates... it's like they don't know me anymore, which is understandable since i hardly even know myself.
that's why i took a leave of absence to come here.
you are not here to help jadzia get into "sto-vo-kor. "
you are here to convince yourselves that you are worthy of her.
but none of you could ever hope to be worthy of her or even understand the kind of woman she was.
it is you who should be thanking me, ferengi, for allowing you to come on this mission and pay honour to her memory.
i'll wait until the first wave of romulan ships decide to run the blockade.
i don't intend to get into a fire fight with a squadron of romulan warbirds.
jadzia meant a great deal to all of you and you meant a great deal to her.
when we discussed our day, she would repeat something that you had told her, or describe the intricacies of some new scheme of yours.
did the prophets send me to tyree to release you from the orb?
the kosst amojan tried to stop you with a false vision.
all he ever talked about was how you were the best.
i think he'd want us to hook up and raise some hell.
well,i don'tlikeit when a so-called friend of mine lies through his goddamn smile as he's shaking my hand either.
youdidn'ttelluswewere ripping off hot us arms to give over to some ira gunrunners.
you wait all these years to finally propose to me and then how do you do it?
when i'm covered in mud and i'm so mad at you!
youletme know if you want me to kick his ass out of here.
gee,dad, sorry i'm not, like, bawling my eyes out with joy over seeing you again.
you have absolutely no right to say a single word to me about who i am and what i do.
all you are to me is some loser who sent me a check once a year.
life doesn't get any better than this and you know it.
hardball, this is colonel dermott roark of her majesty's royal marine
all he ever talked about was how you were the best.
i think he'd want us to hook up and raise some hell.
you jam it into my best customer, you break it off, and then you drop by for a paycheck.
well,i don'tlikeit when a so-called friend of mine lies through his goddamn smile as he's shaking my hand either.
you wait all these years to finally propose to me and then how do you do it?
when i'm covered in mud and i'm so mad at you!
youletme know if you want me to kick his ass out of here.
gee,dad, sorry i'm not, like, bawling my eyes out with joy over seeing you again.
you have absolutely no right to say a single word to me about who i am and what i do.
all you are to me is some loser who sent me a check once a year.
you could've saved narciso, but you shit your pants and now you feel bad.
i could make all these papers disappear, as if by magic.
we never mixed our blood, not with the romans or the arabs or the goths.
we are a race apart, with our own blood and language.
you were told to get out with your girlfriend, not get into this mess!
ricardo, you almost killed arteaga, and the other one's wounded too.
there are a lot of people in france who should come back to euskadi to work on the social and union fronts, and among young people...
we should create a network enabling us to become a political party.
we'll organize several groups who'll leave for spain once the safe houses are ready.
txema, you'll leave with the first cell to take care of that.
we'll need three apartments and a garage for a van and two or three cars.
and the cells should keep a low profile when they get here.
general franco is recovering nicely from the trombophlebitis which hospitalized him at la paz hospital in madrid.
his usual medical team informed the press this morning that despite initial complications his life is not in danger, which means he could be released shortly.
how could they know if i had to shoot my way out?
the old man told the bbc you used the code name "wolf."
all i can say is we've dismantled substantial infrastructure and the operation remains open.
is it true the key to the operation was a mole?
i mean, do you really believe when you walk into a restaurant, that everyone in the kitchen has clean hands?
you have to know that the waiter just plucked his shorts out of the crack of his ass--
well, i agree there, women certainly cheat less, but the male animal is like a sex crazed dog.
when they're not having sex, they want sex, they think about sex.
but don't you worry, it gets a lot worse with time.
now look, i know this is a new experience for all of you.
honey, a young woman doesn't care what a guy looks like if he's rich.
however, you take a young guy... all right, i don't care if she's a billionaire.
now sammie has recently discovered that her fiance has been secretly watching porno movies.
now, it's obvious to me that sammie's not ready to face this yet.
now sammie, in your opinion, knowing sam as well as you do, is sam's obsession with porn,
sam's sick, perverse, twisted, disturbed preoccupation with images of sweaty strangers, thrusting, secreting and fornicating, is this vile addiction an indicator that sam, your fiance, might be cheating?
your fiance is what i like to call a "porno pete".
a little nickname we give to the guys who "like to watch tv", if you know what i mean.
if memory serves me you were my arch enemy at that dinner.
if your views are so liberal i could have used a little help.
so, if you guys sleep with other people, doesn't that undermine the whole concept of a committed relationship?
are you, mr. free love art, saying that we should be monogamous?
i would like to thank you for your continued support of this fine museum.
you angels, you patrons and you contributors, we owe you a tremendous debt of gratitude and thanks.
i mean, do you really believe when you walk into a restaurant, that everyone in the kitchen has clean hands?
you have to know that the waiter just plucked his shorts out of the crack of his ass--
well, i agree there, women certainly cheat less, but the male animal is like a sex crazed dog.
when they're not having sex, they want sex, they think about sex.
sex with fat women is one of the great secret treasures of our sexually repressed society.
to be entirely engulfed, smothered in female flesh, like a water bed of tissue and love...
now look, i know this is a new experience for all of you.
but if you're going to be doctors, you're going to have to dive in head first.
honey, a young woman doesn't care what a guy looks like if he's rich.
however, you take a young guy... all right, i don't care if she's a billionaire.
you know, we should really go to a museum together one of these days.
now there's plenty of splendid museums no one ever goes to in this town.
now, it's obvious to me that sammie's not ready to face this yet.
now sammie, in your opinion, knowing sam as well as you do, is sam's obsession with porn,
really, i, i gotta go home because isaac will be expecting me.
why do i get the feeling this is not the first time that you have done this sort of thing?
so, if you guys sleep with other people, doesn't that undermine the whole concept of a committed relationship?
are you, mr. free love art, saying that we should be monogamous?
art: ...and, ah, i've lived a bit of a life myself.
and if there is one thing that i have learned it's that i have absolutely no idea what i'm talking about.
marie started spending a lot of time in the lab with pierre.
they told me it was an experiment, but i knew better.
i can't believe you were so jealous that you had to spy on us.
oh, i have never been so mad at you in my entire life.
"in the middle of the journey of my life i found myself in a dark wood... for i had lost the right path."
eventually i would find the right path... but in the most unlikely place.
and i thought... if i could light my own farts i could fly to the moon, or at least uranus.
but if i couldn't do that at least i could use my penis as a pogo stick... and that might be a way of getting around.
the sad fact is... human beings are not worthy of trust.
it is human nature to lie... take shortcuts, to lose your nerve, get tired... make mistakes.
no rational patient would put his trust in a human being... and were not gonna let him!
it is our mission here... to rigorously and ruthlessly train the humanity out of you... and make you into something better.
he tells me you have a brilliant mind... and, like many brilliant people, you don't necessarily think the rules apply to you.
not all the rules, sir, but the golden rule, i think that applies to everyone.
look, i'm not sure if you've noticed this... but in a class of 163 students there are eight women... eight.
i've had to work really hard to get here, and i'm gonna have to work even harder to stay... and i'm not about to blow it by wasting my time on your flighty theories of goodness.
because when that day comes i want the prick... and so will you.
you know, i forget how young you are, mitch... that you think you have to be a prick to get things done... and that you actually think that that's a new idea.
i have traditionally selected an outstanding student... to head the welcoming committee.
the time demands are great, and i wouldn't want to jeopardize... the academic performance of a weaker student.
you have made a complete mockery out of our distinguished guests.
if you think that i will further tolerate your blatant disregard of the bylaws of this...
dean walcott thinks otherwise... but my grades are way above par.
i want to finish school so i can become a doctor.
i also have a source that informs me that your antics... have improved the quality of life for the patients.
they don't complain as much, they take less medication... and, uh, what's-his-name over in 305 has not thrown his bedpan at a nurse... in over a week.
"i do not love you as if you were a salt rose or topaz... or the air o'er carnations that fire shoots off.
i love you as certain dark things are to be loved... in secret 'tween the shadow and the soul."
i paid $250 just to find out i had a sprained ankle.
- i mean, do they really need to do all those tests?
"into your hands, o merciful savior... we commend your servant carin.
receive her into the arms of your mercy, into the blessed rest of everlasting peace, and into the glorious company of the saints... on high."
if you walk away from that, if you let that all die...
i've dedicated every spare moment i have... to assisting you in what i believe is a pure and a good purpose.
i use that term broadly, but is not a doctor someone who helps someone else?
when did the term "doctor" get treated with such reverence, as, "right this way, doctor smith"... or, "excuse me, dr. scholl, what wonderful footpads"... or, "pardon me, dr. patterson, but your flatulence has no odor"?
that's why i've listened to your teachings, and i believe they're wrong.
a doctor's mission should be not just to prevent death... but also to improve the quality of life.
don't let them numb you out to the miracle of life.
always live in awe of the glorious mechanism of the human body.
i wanted to become a doctor so i could serve others... and because of that i've lost everything... but i've also gained everything.
i've shared the lives of patients and staff members at the hospital.
your appearance and your demeanor do not reflect... what we believe is necessary... to earn a patient's trust and respect.
you openly accuse us of adhering to time-honored practices... that for years have been the backbone of the entire medical institution.
however... we find no fault in your attempts... to improve the quality of life around you.
we find no fault in your desire... to expand upon existing medical practices... and theories.
now, along with your crass and disdainful behavior... you carry with you a flame... which one could only hope... would spread through the medical profession like a brushfire.
and, uh, dean walcott... in the future, i think matters like this... could best be solved if you yourself would practice a little...
"ln the middle of the journey of my life i found myself in a dark wood... for l had lost the right path."
eventually i would find the right path... but in the most unlikely place.
it is human nature to lie... take shortcuts, to lose your nerve, get tired... make mistakes.
no rational patient would put his trust in a human being... and were not gonna let him!
here we have a juvenile onset diabetic... with poor circulation and diabetic neuropathy.
as you can see, these are diabetic ulcers... with lymphedema and evidence of gangrene.
he tells me you have a brilliant mind... and, like many brilliant people, you don't necessarily think the rules apply to you.
not all the rules, sir, but the golden rule, i think that applies to everyone.
you act like you're above the system when you're really just a nonconformist.
you have to get under the fingernails... of any authority figure that crosses your path... as a way of dealing with some insecurity.
look, i'm not sure if you've noticed this... but in a class of 163 students there are eight women-- eight.
i've had to work really hard to get here, and i'm gonna have to work even harder to stay... and i'm not about to blow it by wasting my time on your flighty theories of goodness.
i will save lives that could have otherwise not been saved.
now, i could be like you and go around laughing and have a good time, ha ha... but i prefer to learn, because the more i learn... the more likely i will have the right answer at the crucial moment and save a life.
you know, maybe i am... but you ask the average person, when death comes knocking at their door... whether they want a prick on their side or some kindergarten teacher... who's gonna kiss their ass!
because when that day comes i want the prick... and so will you.
i have traditionally selected an outstanding student... to head the welcoming committee.
the time demands are great, and i wouldn't want to jeopardize... the academic performance of a weaker student.
and i am aware of your creative efforts... to make sure our visiting gynecologists feel right at home.
- now, what is it you'd like me to do for you?
i have a hospital and a medical school to run here.
i have to trust the people in my employ... otherwise their quality of life will turn to shit.
now, uh, dean walcott is a-- a pain in the ass... but i depend on him to keep me up to speed on what's going on around here... and i would never take the word of any student over his.
however... i also have a source that informs me that your antics... have improved the quality of life for the patients.
word's getting out we're handling the overflow from three different clinics now.
i start my pediatric clerkship next week. i don't know how i'm gonna... keep up.
i love you because i know no other way than this.
so close... that your hand on my chest is my hand.
i use that term broadly, but is not a doctor someone who helps someone else?
when did the term "doctor" get treated with such reverence, as, "right this way, doctor smith"... or, "excuse me, dr. scholl, what wonderful footpads"... or, "pardon me, dr. patterson, but your flatulence has no odor"?
that's why i've listened to your teachings, and i believe they're wrong.
a doctor's mission should be not just to prevent death... but also to improve the quality of life.
don't let them numb you out to the miracle of life.
always live in awe of the glorious mechanism of the human body.
i wanted to become a doctor so i could serve others... and because of that i've lost everything... but i've also gained everything.
i've shared the lives of patients and staff members at the hospital.
you openly accuse us of adhering to time-honored practices... that for years have been the backbone of the entire medical institution.
however... we find no fault in your attempts... to improve the quality of life around you.
your grades are among the highest in your class... and, therefore, we find no merit in the decision... to block your graduation from medical school.
now, along with your crass and disdainful behavior... you carry with you a flame... which one could only hope... would spread through the medical profession like a brushfire.
well, today you go... from being students in a class to being members of a class-- a very select class.
you face the future with your heads held high... because you are now...
and i thought... if i could light my own farts i could fly to the moon, or at least uranus.
but if i couldn't do that at least i could use my penis as a pogo stick... and that might be a way of getting around.
i don't mean to be rude, but aren't you a little old to be starting medical school?
you know, babe ruth was 39 when he joined the yankees.
a patient will come to you at his moment of greatest dread..
hand you a knife and say, "doctor, cut me open. "
the sad fact is... human beings are not worthy of trust.
it is human nature to lie... take shortcuts, to lose your nerve, get tired... make mistakes.
no rational patient would put his trust in a human being... and were not gonna let him!
it is our mission here... to rigorously and ruthlessly train the humanity out of you... and make you into something better.
he tells me you have a brilliant mind... and, like many brilliant people, you don't necessarily think the rules apply to you.
not all the rules, sir, but the golden rule, i think that applies to everyone.
you act like you're above the system when you're really just a nonconformist.
you have to get under the fingernails... of any authority figure that crosses your path... as a way of dealing with some insecurity.
i will save lives that could have otherwise not been saved.
now, i could be like you and go around laughing and have a good time, ha ha... but i prefer to learn, because the more i learn... the more likely i will have the right answer at the crucial moment and save a life.
you know, maybe i am... but you ask the average person, when death comes knocking at their door... whether they want a prick on their side or some kindergarten teacher... who's gonna kiss their ass!
because when that day comes i want the prick... and so will you.
it is important that they be received in a manner suitable... to their status and position.
i have traditionally selected an outstanding student... to head the welcoming committee.
and i am aware of your creative efforts... to make sure our visiting gynecologists feel right at home.
now, what is it you'd like me to do for you?
i have a hospital and a medical school to run here.
i have to trust the people in my employ... otherwise their quality of life will turn to shit.
i also have a source that informs me that your antics... have improved the quality of life for the patients.
they don't complain as much, they take less medication... and, uh, what's-his-name over in 305 has not thrown his bedpan at a nurse... in over a week.
"i do not love you as if you were a salt rose or topaz... or the air o'er carnations that fire shoots off.
i love you as certain dark things are to be loved... in secret 'tween the shadow and the soul. "
people will come from all over the world to fulfill their dream of helping other people.
they'll be a community where joy is a way of life... where learning is the highest aim, where love is the ultimate goal.
you'll get it every day in the eyes of patients you're helping.
there is more to life than what dean walcott puts out there.
"into your hands, o merciful savior... we commend your servant carin.
receive her into the arms of your mercy, into the blessed rest of everlasting peace, and into the glorious company of the saints... on high. "
if you walk away from that, if you let that all die-
i've dedicated every spare moment i have... to assisting you in what i believe is a pure and a good purpose.
well, you can make this into a personal issue if you'd like.
but the reality is, you are not cut out to be a physician.
when did the term "doctor" get treated with such reverence, as,
"right this way, doctor smith"... or, "excuse me, dr. scholl, what wonderful footpads"... or, "pardon me, dr. patterson, but your flatulence has no odor"?
if we're gonna fight a disease, let's fight one of the most terrible diseases of all- indifference.
now, i've sat in your schools and heard people lecture on transference... and professional distance.
always live in awe of the glorious mechanism of the human body.
let that be the focus of your studies and not a quest for grades... which'll give you no idea what kind of doctor you will become.
mr. adams, i demand that you turn and address the board.
sir, i want to be a doctor with all my heart.
i wanted to become a doctor so i could serve others... and because of that i've lost everything... but i've also gained everything.
i've shared the lives of patients and staff members at the hospital.
your appearance and your demeanor do not reflect... what we believe is necessary... to earn a patient's trust and respect.
you openly accuse us of adhering to time-honored practices... that for years have been the backbone of the entire medical institution.
however... we find no fault in your attempts... to improve the quality of life around you.
we find no fault in your desire... to expand upon existing medical practices... and theories.
now, along with your crass and disdainful behavior... you carry with you a flame... which one could only hope... would spread through the medical profession like a brushfire.
and, uh, dean walcott... in the future, i think matters like this... could best be solved if you yourself would practice a little...
and i thought... if i could light my own farts i could fly to the moon, or at least uranus.
but if i couldn't do that at least i could use my penis as a pogo stick... and that might be a way of getting around.
it is human nature to lie... take shortcuts, to lose your nerve, get tired... make mistakes.
no rational patient would put his trust in a human being... and were not gonna let him!
the point is, we have to treat the patient as well as the disease.
that's why we have to dive into people, wade into the sea of humanity, truman.
do you know how many billions of dollars are wasted on malpractice insurance?
that's money that goes to lawyers that could go to patients.
look, i'm not sure if you've noticed this... but in a class of 163 students there are eight women-- eight.
i've had to work really hard to get here, and i'm gonna have to work even harder to stay... and i'm not about to blow it by wasting my time on your flighty theories of goodness.
i will save lives that could have otherwise not been saved.
now, i could be like you and go around laughing and have a good time, ha ha... but i prefer to learn, because the more i learn... the more likely i will have the right answer at the crucial moment and save a life.
you know, maybe i am... but you ask the average person, when death comes knocking at their door... whether they want a prick on their side or some kindergarten teacher... who's gonna kiss their ass!
because when that day comes i want the prick... and so will you.
it is important that they be received in a manner suitable to their status and position.
i have traditionally selected an outstanding student... to head the welcoming committee.
and i am aware of your creative efforts... to make sure our visiting gynecologists feel right at home.
- now, what is it you'd like me to do for you?
i have a hospital and a medical school to run here.
i have to trust the people in my employ... otherwise their quality of life will turn to shit.
i also have a source that informs me that your antics... have improved the quality of life for the patients.
they don't complain as much, they take less medication... and, uh, what's-his-name over in 305 has not thrown his bedpan at a nurse... in over a week.
"l do not love you as if you were a salt rose or topaz... or the air o'er carnations that fire shoots off.
i love you as certain dark things are to be loved... in secret 'tween the shadow and the soul."
people will come from all over the world to fulfill their dream of helping other people.
they'll be a community where joy is a way of life... where learning is the highest aim, where love is the ultimate goal.
- you'll get it every day in the eyes of patients you're helping.
there is more to life than what dean walcott puts out there.
i love you because i know no other way than this.
so close... that your hand on my chest is my hand.
- well, you can make this into a personal issue if you'd like.
but the reality is, you are not cut out to be a physician.
when did the term "doctor" get treated with such reverence, as, "right this way, doctor smith"... or, "excuse me, dr. scholl, what wonderful footpads"... or, "pardon me, dr. patterson, but your flatulence has no odor"?
at what point in history did a doctor become more... than a trusted and learned friend who visited and treated the ill?
if we're gonna fight a disease, let's fight one of the most terrible diseases of all-- indifference.
now, i've sat in your schools and heard people lecture on transference... and professional distance.
always live in awe of the glorious mechanism of the human body.
let that be the focus of your studies and not a quest for grades... which'll give you no idea what kind of doctor you will become.
sir, i want to be a doctor with all my heart.
i wanted to become a doctor so i could serve others... and because of that i've lost everything... but i've also gained everything.
and as god is my witness... no matter what your decision today, sir...
i will still become the best damn doctor the world has ever seen.
your appearance and your demeanor do not reflect... what we believe is necessary... to earn a patient's trust and respect.
you openly accuse us of adhering to time-honored practices... that for years have been the backbone of the entire medical institution.
however... we find no fault in your attempts... to improve the quality of life around you.
we find no fault in your desire... to expand upon existing medical practices... and theories.
now, along with your crass and disdainful behavior... you carry with you a flame... which one could only hope... would spread through the medical profession like a brushfire.
and, uh, dean walcott... in the future, i think matters like this... could best be solved if you yourself would practice a little...
"into your hands, o merciful savior... we commend your servant carin.
receive her into the arms of your mercy, into the blessed rest of everlasting peace, and into the glorious company of the saints... on high."
if you walk away from that, if you let that all die--
i've dedicated every spare moment i have... to assisting you in what i believe is a pure and a good purpose.
i use that term broadly, but is not a doctor someone who helps someone else?
when did the term "doctor" get treated with such reverence, as, "right this way, doctor smith"... or, "excuse me, dr. scholl, what wonderful footpads"... or, "pardon me, dr. patterson, but your flatulence has no odor"?
that's why i've listened to your teachings, and i believe they're wrong.
a doctor's mission should be not just to prevent death... but also to improve the quality of life.
don't let them numb you out to the miracle of life.
always live in awe of the glorious mechanism of the human body.
i wanted to become a doctor so i could serve others... and because of that i've lost everything... but i've also gained everything.
i've shared the lives of patients and staff members at the hospital.
you openly accuse us of adhering to time-honored practices... that for years have been the backbone of the entire medical institution.
however... we find no fault in your attempts... to improve the quality of life around you.
your grades are among the highest in your class... and, therefore, we find no merit in the decision... to block your graduation from medical school.
now, along with your crass and disdainful behavior... you carry with you a flame... which one could only hope... would spread through the medical profession like a brushfire.
well, today you go... from being students in a class to being members of a class-- a very select class.
you face the future with your heads held high... because you are now...
i paid $250 just to find out i had a sprained ankle.
- i mean, do they really need to do all those tests?
i love you because i know no other way than this.
so close... that your hand on my chest is my hand.
- well, you can make this into a personal issue if you'd like.
but the reality is, you are not cut out to be a physician.
when did the term "doctor" get treated with such reverence, as, "right this way, doctor smith"... or, "excuse me, dr. scholl, what wonderful footpads"... or, "pardon me, dr. patterson, but your flatulence has no odor"?
at what point in history did a doctor become more... than a trusted and learned friend who visited and treated the ill?
if we're gonna fight a disease, let's fight one of the most terrible diseases of all-- indifference.
now, i've sat in your schools and heard people lecture on transference... and professional distance.
always live in awe of the glorious mechanism of the human body.
let that be the focus of your studies and not a quest for grades... which'll give you no idea what kind of doctor you will become.
sir, i want to be a doctor with all my heart.
i wanted to become a doctor so i could serve others... and because of that i've lost everything... but i've also gained everything.
and as god is my witness... no matter what your decision today, sir...
i will still become the best damn doctor the world has ever seen.
you openly accuse us of adhering to time-honored practices... that for years have been the backbone of the entire medical institution.
however... we find no fault in your attempts... to improve the quality of life around you.
your grades are among the highest in your class... and, therefore, we find no merit in the decision... to block your graduation from medical school.
now, along with your crass and disdainful behavior... you carry with you a flame... which one could only hope... would spread through the medical profession like a brushfire.
well, today you go... from being students in a class to being members of a class-- a very select class.
you face the future with your heads held high... because you are now...
and i thought... if i could light my own farts i could fly to the moon, or at least uranus.
but if i couldn't do that at least i could use my penis as a pogo stick... and that might be a way of getting around.
it is human nature to lie... take shortcuts, to lose your nerve, get tired... make mistakes.
no rational patient would put his trust in a human being... and were not gonna let him!
the point is, we have to treat the patient as well as the disease.
that's why we have to dive into people, wade into the sea of humanity, truman.
do you know how many billions of dollars are wasted on malpractice insurance?
that's money that goes to lawyers that could go to patients.
look, i'm not sure if you've noticed this... but in a class of 163 students there are eight women-- eight.
i've had to work really hard to get here, and i'm gonna have to work even harder to stay... and i'm not about to blow it by wasting my time on your flighty theories of goodness.
i will save lives that could have otherwise not been saved.
now, i could be like you and go around laughing and have a good time, ha ha... but i prefer to learn, because the more i learn... the more likely i will have the right answer at the crucial moment and save a life.
you know, maybe i am... but you ask the average person, when death comes knocking at their door... whether they want a prick on their side or some kindergarten teacher... who's gonna kiss their ass!
because when that day comes i want the prick... and so will you.
it is important that they be received in a manner suitable to their status and position.
i have traditionally selected an outstanding student... to head the welcoming committee.
and i am aware of your creative efforts... to make sure our visiting gynecologists feel right at home.
- now, what is it you'd like me to do for you?
i have a hospital and a medical school to run here.
i have to trust the people in my employ... otherwise their quality of life will turn to shit.
i also have a source that informs me that your antics... have improved the quality of life for the patients.
they don't complain as much, they take less medication... and, uh, what's-his-name over in 305 has not thrown his bedpan at a nurse... in over a week.
"i do not love you as if you were a salt rose or topaz... or the air o'er carnations that fire shoots off.
i love you as certain dark things are to be loved... in secret 'tween the shadow and the soul."
if you didn't see something here... besides a crazy, bitter old man... you wouldn't have come in the first place.
what do you see when you look at me, arthur ?
the sad fact is... human beings are not worthy of trust.
it is human nature to lie... take shortcuts, to lose your nerve, get tired... make mistakes.
no rational patient would put his trust in a human being... and were not gonna let him !
it is our mission here... to rigorously and ruthlessly train the humanity out of you... and make you into something better.
what's the difference between a first-year and a third-year medical student ?
[ woman on p.a. ] doctor vukov, please dial line 1242.
you act like you're above the system when you're really just a nonconformist.
you have to get under the fingernails... of any authority figure that crosses your path... as a way of dealing with some insecurity.
[ sighs ] i will save lives that could have otherwise not been saved.
now, i could be like you and go around laughing and have a good time, ha ha, but i prefer to learn, because the more i learn, the more likely i will have the right answer at the crucial moment and save a life.
you know, maybe i am, but you ask the average person, when death comes knocking at their door... whether they want a prick on their side or some kindergarten teacher... who's gonna kiss their ass !
because when that day comes i want the prick... and so will you.
i have traditionally selected an outstanding student... to head the welcoming committee.
the time demands are great, and i wouldn't want to jeopardize... the academic performance of a weaker student.
you have made a complete mockery out of our distinguished guests.
if you think that i will further tolerate your blatant disregard of the bylaws of this--
and i am aware of your creative efforts... to make sure our visiting gynecologists feel right at home.
- now, what is it you'd like me to do for you ?
i have a hospital and a medical school to run here.
i have to trust the people in my employ... otherwise their quality of life will turn to shit.
i also have a source that informs me that your antics... have improved the quality of life for the patients.
they don't complain as much, they take less medication... and, uh, what's-his-name over in 305 has not thrown his bedpan at a nurse... in over a week.
"i do not love you as if you were a salt rose or topaz... or the air o'er carnations that fire shoots off.
i love you as certain dark things are to be loved... in secret 'tween the shadow and the soul."
people will come from all over the world to fulfill their dream of helping other people.
they'll be a community where joy is a way of life... where learning is the highest aim, where love is the ultimate goal.
- you'll get it every day in the eyes of patients you're helping.
there is more to life than what dean walcott puts out there.
- and never take it the wrong way - [ yelling ]
- you know you can't go on gettin' your own way - [ phone ringing ]
[ minister ] "into your hands, o merciful savior... we commend your servant carin.
receive her into the arms of your mercy, into the blessed rest of everlasting peace, and into the glorious company of the saints... on high."
if you walk away from that, if you let that all die--
i've dedicated every spare moment i have... to assisting you in what i believe is a pure and a good purpose.
i use that term broadly, but is not a doctor someone who helps someone else ?
when did the term "doctor" get treated with such reverence, as, "right this way, doctor smith"... or, "excuse me, dr. scholl, what wonderful footpads"... or, "pardon me, dr. patterson, but your flatulence has no odor" ?
if we're gonna fight a disease, let's fight one of the most terrible diseases of all-- indifference.
now, i've sat in your schools and heard people lecture on transference... and professional distance.
always live in awe of the glorious mechanism of the human body.
let that be the focus of your studies and not a quest for grades... which'll give you no idea what kind of doctor you will become.
sir, i want to be a doctor with all my heart.
i wanted to become a doctor so i could serve others... and because of that i've lost everything... but i've also gained everything.
and as god is my witness... no matter what your decision today, sir...
i will still become the best damn doctor the world has ever seen.
your appearance and your demeanor do not reflect... what we believe is necessary... to earn a patient's trust and respect.
you openly accuse us of adhering to time-honored practices... that for years have been the backbone of the entire medical institution.
however... we find no fault in your attempts... to improve the quality of life around you.
we find no fault in your desire... to expand upon existing medical practices... and theories.
now, along with your crass and disdainful behavior... you carry with you a flame... which one could only hope... would spread through the medical profession like a brushfire.
and, uh, dean walcott... in the future, i think matters like this... could best be solved if you yourself would practice a little...
"in the middle of the journey of my life i found myself in a dark wood... for i had lost the right path."
eventually i would find the right path... but in the most unlikely place.
and i thought... if i could light my own farts i could fly to the moon, or at least uranus.
but if i couldn't do that at least i could use my penis as a pogo stick... and that might be a way of getting around.
i don't mean to be rude, but aren't you a little old to be starting medical school?
you know, babe ruth was 39 when he joined the yankees.
it is human nature to lie... take shortcuts, to lose your nerve, get tired... make mistakes.
no rational patient would put his trust in a human being... and were not gonna let him!
the point is, we have to treat the patient as well as the disease.
that's why we have to dive into people, wade into the sea of humanity, truman.
here we have a juvenile onset diabetic... with poor circulation and diabetic neuropathy.
as you can see, these are diabetic ulcers... with lymphedema and evidence of gangrene.
he tells me you have a brilliant mind... and, like many brilliant people, you don't necessarily think the rules apply to you.
not all the rules, sir, but the golden rule, i think that applies to everyone.
do you know how many billions of dollars are wasted on malpractice insurance?
that's money that goes to lawyers that could go to patients.
look, i'm not sure if you've noticed this... but in a class of 163 students there are eight women-- eight.
i've had to work really hard to get here, and i'm gonna have to work even harder to stay... and i'm not about to blow it by wasting my time on your flighty theories of goodness.
because when that day comes i want the prick... and so will you.
you know, i forget how young you are, mitch... that you think you have to be a prick to get things done... and that you actually think that that's a new idea.
it is important that they be received in a manner suitable to their status and position.
i have traditionally selected an outstanding student... to head the welcoming committee.
dean walcott thinks otherwise... but my grades are way above par.
i want to finish school so i can become a doctor.
i paid $250 just to find out i had a sprained ankle.
- i mean, do they really need to do all those tests?
- well, you can make this into a personal issue if you'd like.
but the reality is, you are not cut out to be a physician.
that's why i've listened to your teachings, and i believe they're wrong.
a doctor's mission should be not just to prevent death... but also to improve the quality of life.
don't let them numb you out to the miracle of life.
always live in awe of the glorious mechanism of the human body.
i wanted to become a doctor so i could serve others... and because of that i've lost everything... but i've also gained everything.
i've shared the lives of patients and staff members at the hospital.
you openly accuse us of adhering to time-honoured practices... that for years have been the backbone of the entire medical institution.
however... we find no fault in your attempts... to improve the quality of life around you.
your grades are among the highest in your class... and, therefore, we find no merit in the decision... to block your graduation from medical school.
now, along with your crass and disdainful behaviour... you carry with you a flame... which one could only hope... would spread through the medical profession like a brushfire.
well, today you go... from being students in a class to being members of a class-- a very select class.
you face the future with your heads held high... because you are now...
i don't mean to be rude, but aren't you a little old to be starting medical school?
you know, babe ruth was 39 when he joined the yankees.
a patient will come to you at his moment of greatest dread..
hand you a knife and say, "doctor, cut me open. "
the sad fact is... human beings are not worthy of trust.
it is human nature to lie... take shortcuts, to lose your nerve, get tired... make mistakes.
no rational patient would put his trust in a human being... and were not gonna let him!
it is our mission here... to rigorously and ruthlessly train the humanity out of you... and make you into something better.
do you know how many billions of dollars are wasted on malpractice insurance?
that's money that goes to lawyers that could go to patients.
look, i'm not sure if you've noticed this... but in a class of 163 students there are eight women-eight.
i've had to work really hard to get here, and i'm gonna have to work even harder to stay... and i'm not about to blow it by wasting my time on your flighty theories of goodness.
because when that day comes i want the prick... and so will you.
you know, i forget how young you are, mitch... that you think you have to be a prick to get things done... and that you actually think that that's a new idea.
it is important that they be received in a manner suitable... to their status and position.
i have traditionally selected an outstanding student... to head the welcoming committee.
and i am aware of your creative efforts... to make sure our visiting gynecologists feel right at home.
now, what is it you'd like me to do for you?
i have a hospital and a medical school to run here.
i have to trust the people in my employ... otherwise their quality of life will turn to shit.
i also have a source that informs me that your antics... have improved the quality of life for the patients.
they don't complain as much, they take less medication... and, uh, what's-his-name over in 305 has not thrown his bedpan at a nurse... in over a week.
"i do not love you as if you were a salt rose or topaz... or the air o'er carnations that fire shoots off.
i love you as certain dark things are to be loved... in secret 'tween the shadow and the soul. "
people will come from all over the world to fulfill their dream of helping other people.
they'll be a community where joy is a way of life... where learning is the highest aim, where love is the ultimate goal.
you'll get it every day in the eyes of patients you're helping.
there is more to life than what dean walcott puts out there.
i love you because i know no other way than this.
so close... that your hand on my chest is my hand.
well, you can make this into a personal issue if you'd like.
but the reality is, you are not cut out to be a physician.
when did the term "doctor" get treated with such reverence, as,
"right this way, doctor smith"... or, "excuse me, dr. scholl, what wonderful footpads"... or, "pardon me, dr. patterson, but your flatulence has no odor"?
if we're gonna fight a disease, let's fight one of the most terrible diseases of all- indifference.
now, i've sat in your schools and heard people lecture on transference... and professional distance.
always live in awe of the glorious mechanism of the human body.
let that be the focus of your studies and not a quest for grades... which'll give you no idea what kind of doctor you will become.
sir, i want to be a doctor with all my heart.
i wanted to become a doctor so i could serve others... and because of that i've lost everything... but i've also gained everything.
and as god is my witness... no matter what your decision today, sir...
i will still become the best damn doctor the world has ever seen.
you openly accuse us of adhering to time-honored practices... that for years have been the backbone of the entire medical institution.
however... we find no fault in your attempts... to improve the quality of life around you.
your grades are among the highest in your class... and, therefore, we find no merit in the decision... to block your graduation from medical school.
now, along with your crass and disdainful behavior... you carry with you a flame... which one could only hope... would spread through the medical profession like a brushfire.
well, today you go... from being students in a class to being members of a class- a very select class.
you face the future with your heads held high... because you are now...
"in the middle of the journey of my life i found myself in a dark wood... for i had lost the right path".
eventually i would find the right path... but in the most unlikely place.
and i thought... if i could light my own farts i could fly to the moon, or at least uranus.
but if i couldn't do that at least i could use my penis as a pogo stick... and that might be a way of getting around.
it is human nature to lie... take shortcuts, to lose your nerve, get tired... make mistakes.
no rational patient would put his trust in a human being... and were not gonna let him!
the point is, we have to treat the patient as well as the disease.
that's why we have to dive into people, wade into the sea of humanity, truman.
he tells me you have a brilliant mind... and, like many brilliant people, you don't necessarily think the rules apply to you.
not all the rules, sir, but the golden rule, i think that applies to everyone.
look, i'm not sure if you've noticed this... but in a class of 163 students there are eight women... eight.
i've had to work really hard to get here, and i'm gonna have to work even harder to stay... and i'm not about to blow it by wasting my time on your flighty theories of goodness.
i will save lives that could have otherwise not been saved.
now, i could be like you and go around laughing and have a good time, ha ha... but i prefer to learn, because the more i learn... the more likely i will have the right answer at the crucial moment and save a life.
you know, maybe i am... but you ask the average person, when death comes knocking at their door... whether they want a prick on their side or some kindergarten teacher... who's gonna kiss their ass!
because when that day comes i want the prick... and so will you.
it is important that they be received in a manner suitable to their status and position.
i have traditionally selected an outstanding student... to head the welcoming committee.
and i am aware of your creative efforts... to make sure our visiting gynecologists feel right at home.
- now, what is it you'd like me to do for you?
i have a hospital and a medical school to run here.
i have to trust the people in my employ... otherwise their quality of life will turn to shit.
people will come from all over the world to fulfill their dream of helping other people.
they'll be a community where joy is a way of life... where learning is the highest aim, where love is the ultimate goal.
- you'll get it every day in the eyes of patients you're helping.
there is more to life than what dean walcott puts out there.
"into your hands, o merciful savior... we commend your servant carin.
receive her into the arms of your mercy, into the blessed rest of everlasting peace, and into the glorious company of the saints... on high".
if you walk away from that, if you let that all die...
i've dedicated every spare moment i have... to assisting you in what i believe is a pure and a good purpose.
i use that term broadly, but is not a doctor someone who helps someone else?
when did the term "doctor" get treated with such reverence, as, "right this way, doctor smith"... or, "excuse me, dr scholl, what wonderful footpads"... or, "pardon me, dr patterson, but your flatulence has no odor"?
that's why i've listened to your teachings, and i believe they're wrong.
a doctor's mission should be not just to prevent death... but also to improve the quality of life.
don't let them numb you out to the miracle of life.
always live in awe of the glorious mechanism of the human body.
i wanted to become a doctor so i could serve others... and because of that i've lost everything... but i've also gained everything.
i've shared the lives of patients and staff members at the hospital.
you openly accuse us of adhering to time-honored practices... that for years have been the backbone of the entire medical institution.
however... we find no fault in your attempts... to improve the quality of life around you.
your grades are among the highest in your class... and, therefore, we find no merit in the decision... to block your graduation from medical school.
now, along with your crass and disdainful behavior... you carry with you a flame... which one could only hope... would spread through the medical profession like a brushfire.
well, today you go... from being students in a class to being members of a class... a very select class.
you face the future with your heads held high... because you are now...
if you didn't see something here... besides a crazy, bitter old man... you wouldn't have come in the first place.
what do you see when you look at me, arthur ?
the sad fact is... human beings are not worthy of trust.
it is human nature to lie... take shortcuts, to lose your nerve, get tired... make mistakes.
no rational patient would put his trust in a human being... and were not gonna let him !
it is our mission here... to rigorously and ruthlessly train the humanity out of you... and make you into something better.
what's the difference between a first-year and a third-year medical student ?
[ woman on p.a. ] doctor vukov, please dial line 1242.
you act like you're above the system when you're really just a nonconformist.
you have to get under the fingernails... of any authority figure that crosses your path... as a way of dealing with some insecurity.
[ sighs ] i will save lives that could have otherwise not been saved.
now, i could be like you and go around laughing and have a good time, ha ha, but i prefer to learn, because the more i learn, the more likely i will have the right answer at the crucial moment and save a life.
you know, maybe i am, but you ask the average person, when death comes knocking at their door... whether they want a prick on their side or some kindergarten teacher... who's gonna kiss their ass !
because when that day comes i want the prick... and so will you.
i have traditionally selected an outstanding student... to head the welcoming committee.
the time demands are great, and i wouldn't want to jeopardize... the academic performance of a weaker student.
you have made a complete mockery out of our distinguished guests.
if you think that i will further tolerate your blatant disregard of the bylaws of this--
and i am aware of your creative efforts... to make sure our visiting gynecologists feel right at home.
- now, what is it you'd like me to do for you ?
i have a hospital and a medical school to run here.
i have to trust the people in my employ... otherwise their quality of life will turn to shit.
i also have a source that informs me that your antics... have improved the quality of life for the patients.
they don't complain as much, they take less medication... and, uh, what's-his-name over in 305 has not thrown his bedpan at a nurse... in over a week.
"i do not love you as if you were a salt rose or topaz... or the air o'er carnations that fire shoots off.
i love you as certain dark things are to be loved... in secret 'tween the shadow and the soul."
people will come from all over the world to fulfill their dream of helping other people.
they'll be a community where joy is a way of life... where learning is the highest aim, where love is the ultimate goal.
- you'll get it every day in the eyes of patients you're helping.
there is more to life than what dean walcott puts out there.
- and never take it the wrong way - [ yelling ]
- you know you can't go on gettin' your own way - [ phone ringing ]
[ minister ] "into your hands, o merciful savior... we commend your servant carin.
receive her into the arms of your mercy, into the blessed rest of everlasting peace, and into the glorious company of the saints... on high."
if you walk away from that, if you let that all die--
i've dedicated every spare moment i have... to assisting you in what i believe is a pure and a good purpose.
i use that term broadly, but is not a doctor someone who helps someone else ?
when did the term "doctor" get treated with such reverence, as, "right this way, doctor smith"... or, "excuse me, dr. scholl, what wonderful footpads"... or, "pardon me, dr. patterson, but your flatulence has no odor" ?
if we're gonna fight a disease, let's fight one of the most terrible diseases of all-- indifference.
now, i've sat in your schools and heard people lecture on transference... and professional distance.
always live in awe of the glorious mechanism of the human body.
let that be the focus of your studies and not a quest for grades... which'll give you no idea what kind of doctor you will become.
sir, i want to be a doctor with all my heart.
i wanted to become a doctor so i could serve others... and because of that i've lost everything... but i've also gained everything.
and as god is my witness... no matter what your decision today, sir...
i will still become the best damn doctor the world has ever seen.
your appearance and your demeanor do not reflect... what we believe is necessary... to earn a patient's trust and respect.
you openly accuse us of adhering to time-honored practices... that for years have been the backbone of the entire medical institution.
however... we find no fault in your attempts... to improve the quality of life around you.
we find no fault in your desire... to expand upon existing medical practices... and theories.
now, along with your crass and disdainful behavior... you carry with you a flame... which one could only hope... would spread through the medical profession like a brushfire.
and, uh, dean walcott... in the future, i think matters like this... could best be solved if you yourself would practice a little...
and i thought if i could light my own farts i could fly to the moon, or at least uranus.
but if i couldn't do that at least i could use my penis as a pogo stick, and that might be a way of getting around.
the sad fact is, human beings are not worthy of trust.
it is human nature to lie, take shortcuts, to lose your nerve, get tired, make mistakes.
no rational patient would put his trust in a human being, and we're not gonna let him!
it is our mission here to rigorously and ruthlessly train the humanity out of you and make you into something better.
the point is, we have to treat the patient as well as the disease.
that's why we have to dive into people, wade into the sea of humanity, truman.
here we have a juvenile onset diabetic with poor circulation and diabetic neuropathy.
as you can see, these are diabetic ulcers with lymphedema and evidence of gangrene.
do you know how many billions of dollars are wasted on malpractice insurance?
that's money that goes to lawyers that could go to patients.
the american journal of medicine has found that laughter increases secretion of catecholamines and endorphins, which in turn increases oxygenation of the blood, relaxes the arteries, speeds up the heart, decreases blood pressure, which has a positive effect on all
cardiovascular and respiratory ailments as well as overall increasing the immune system response.
i will save lives that could have otherwise not been saved.
now, i could be like you and go around laughing and have a good time, but i prefer to learn, because the more i learn, the more likely i will have the right answer at the crucial moment and save a life.
you know, maybe i am, but you ask the average person, when death comes knocking at their door, whether they want a prick on their side or some kindergarten teacher who's gonna kiss their ass!
because when that day comes i want the prick, and so will you.
i have traditionally selected an outstanding student to head the welcoming committee.
the time demands are great, and i wouldn't want to jeopardize the academic performance of a weaker student.
you have made a complete mockery out of our distinguished guests.
if you think that i will further tolerate your blatant disregard of the bylaws of this...
and i am aware of your creative efforts to make sure our visiting gynecologists feel right at home.
now, what is it you'd like me to do for you?
i have a hospital and a medical school to run here.
i have to trust the people in my employ, otherwise their quality of life will turn to shit.
i also have a source that informs me that your antics have improved the quality of life for the patients.
they don't complain as much, they take less medication, and what's-his-name over in 305 has not thrown his bedpan at a nurse in over a week.
i paid $250 just to find out i had a sprained ankle.
i mean, do they really need to do all those tests?
if you walk away from that, if you let that all die...
i've dedicated every spare moment i have to assisting you in what i believe is a pure and a good purpose.
i use that term broadly, but is not a doctor someone who helps someone else?
when did the term "doctor" get treated with such reverence, as,
well, if this means opening your door to those in need, those in pain,
caring for them, listening to them, applying a cold cloth until a fever breaks.
that's why i've listened to your teachings, and i believe they're wrong.
a doctor's mission should be not just to prevent death but also to improve the quality of life.
don't let them numb you out to the miracle of life.
always live in awe of the glorious mechanism of the human body.
sir, i want to be a doctor with all my heart.
i wanted to become a doctor so i could serve others, and because of that i've lost everything, but i've also gained everything.
and as god is my witness, no matter what your decision today, sir,
i will still become the best damn doctor the world has ever seen.
your appearance and your demeanor do not reflect what we believe is necessary to earn a patient's trust and respect.
you openly accuse us of adhering to time-honored practices that for years have been the backbone of the entire medical institution.
however, we find no fault in your attempts to improve the quality of life around you.
we find no fault in your desire to expand upon existing medical practices and theories.
now, along with your crass and disdainful behavior, you carry with you a flame,
which one could only hope would spread through the medical profession like a brushfire.
"in the middle of the journey of my life i found myself in a dark wood... for i had lost the right path".
eventually i would find the right path... but in the most unlikely place.
and i thought... if i could light my own farts i could fly to the moon, or at least uranus.
but if i couldn't do that at least i could use my penis as a pogo stick... and that might be a way of getting around.
it is human nature to lie... take shortcuts, to lose your nerve, get tired... make mistakes.
no rational patient would put his trust in a human being... and were not gonna let him!
the point is, we have to treat the patient as well as the disease.
that's why we have to dive into people, wade into the sea of humanity, truman.
he tells me you have a brilliant mind... and, like many brilliant people, you don't necessarily think the rules apply to you.
not all the rules, sir, but the golden rule, i think that applies to everyone.
look, i'm not sure if you've noticed this... but in a class of 163 students there are eight women... eight.
i've had to work really hard to get here, and i'm gonna have to work even harder to stay... and i'm not about to blow it by wasting my time on your flighty theories of goodness.
i will save lives that could have otherwise not been saved.
now, i could be like you and go around laughing and have a good time, ha ha... but i prefer to learn, because the more i learn... the more likely i will have the right answer at the crucial moment and save a life.
you know, maybe i am... but you ask the average person, when death comes knocking at their door... whether they want a prick on their side or some kindergarten teacher... who's gonna kiss their ass!
because when that day comes i want the prick... and so will you.
it is important that they be received in a manner suitable to their status and position.
i have traditionally selected an outstanding student... to head the welcoming committee.
and i am aware of your creative efforts... to make sure our visiting gynecologists feel right at home.
- now, what is it you'd like me to do for you?
i have a hospital and a medical school to run here.
i have to trust the people in my employ... otherwise their quality of life will turn to shit.
people will come from all over the world to fulfill their dream of helping other people.
they'll be a community where joy is a way of life... where learning is the highest aim, where love is the ultimate goal.
- you'll get it every day in the eyes of patients you're helping.
there is more to life than what dean walcott puts out there.
"into your hands, o merciful savior... we commend your servant carin.
receive her into the arms of your mercy, into the blessed rest of everlasting peace, and into the glorious company of the saints... on high".
if you walk away from that, if you let that all die...
i've dedicated every spare moment i have... to assisting you in what i believe is a pure and a good purpose.
i use that term broadly, but is not a doctor someone who helps someone else?
when did the term "doctor" get treated with such reverence, as, "right this way, doctor smith"... or, "excuse me, dr scholl, what wonderful footpads"... or, "pardon me, dr patterson, but your flatulence has no odor"?
that's why i've listened to your teachings, and i believe they're wrong.
a doctor's mission should be not just to prevent death... but also to improve the quality of life.
don't let them numb you out to the miracle of life.
always live in awe of the glorious mechanism of the human body.
i wanted to become a doctor so i could serve others... and because of that i've lost everything... but i've also gained everything.
i've shared the lives of patients and staff members at the hospital.
you openly accuse us of adhering to time-honored practices... that for years have been the backbone of the entire medical institution.
however... we find no fault in your attempts... to improve the quality of life around you.
your grades are among the highest in your class... and, therefore, we find no merit in the decision... to block your graduation from medical school.
now, along with your crass and disdainful behavior... you carry with you a flame... which one could only hope... would spread through the medical profession like a brushfire.
well, today you go... from being students in a class to being members of a class... a very select class.
you face the future with your heads held high... because you are now...
i don't mean to be rude, but aren't you a little old to be starting medical school?
you know, babe ruth was 39 when he joined the yankees.
the sad fact is... human beings are not worthy of trust.
it is human nature to lie... take shortcuts, to lose your nerve, get tired... make mistakes.
no rational patient would put his trust in a human being... and were not gonna let him!
it is our mission here... to rigorously and ruthlessly train the humanity out of you... and make you into something better.
the point is, we have to treat the patient as well as the disease.
that's why we have to dive into people, wade into the sea of humanity, truman.
do you know how many billions of dollars are wasted on malpractice insurance?
that's money that goes to lawyers that could go to patients.
look, i'm not sure if you've noticed this... but in a class of 163 students there are eight women-eight.
i've had to work really hard to get here, and i'm gonna have to work even harder to stay... and i'm not about to blow it by wasting my time on your flighty theories of goodness.
because when that day comes i want the prick... and so will you.
you know, i forget how young you are, mitch... that you think you have to be a prick to get things done... and that you actually think that that's a new idea.
it is important that they be received in a manner suitable to their status and position.
i have traditionally selected an outstanding student... to head the welcoming committee.
and i am aware of your creative efforts... to make sure our visiting gynecologists feel right at home.
now, what is it you'd like me to do for you?
i have a hospital and a medical school to run here.
i have to trust the people in my employ... otherwise their quality of life will turn to shit.
i also have a source that informs me that your antics... have improved the quality of life for the patients.
they don't complain as much, they take less medication... and, uh, what's-his-name over in 305 has not thrown his bedpan at a nurse... in over a week.
i paid $250 just to find out i had a sprained ankle.
i mean, do they really need to do all those tests?
"into your hands, o merciful savior... we commend your servant carin.
receive her into the arms of your mercy, into the blessed rest of everlasting peace, and into the glorious company of the saints... on high."
if you walk away from that, if you let that all die...
i've dedicated every spare moment i have... to assisting you in what i believe is a pure and a good purpose.
when did the term "doctor" get treated with such reverence, as, "right this way, doctor smith"... or, "excuse me, dr. scholl, what wonderful footpads"... or, "pardon me, dr. patterson, but your flatulence has no odor"?
at what point in history did a doctor become more... than a trusted and learned friend who visited and treated the ill?
if we're gonna fight a disease, let's fight one of the most terrible diseases of all... indifference.
now, i've sat in your schools and heard people lecture on transference... and professional distance.
always live in awe of the glorious mechanism of the human body.
let that be the focus of your studies and not a quest for grades... which'll give you no idea what kind of doctor you will become.
sir, i want to be a doctor with all my heart.
i wanted to become a doctor so i could serve others... and because of that i've lost everything... but i've also gained everything.
and as god is my witness... no matter what your decision today, sir...
i will still become the best damn doctor the world has ever seen.
you openly accuse us of adhering to time-honored practices... that for years have been the backbone of the entire medical institution.
however... we find no fault in your attempts... to improve the quality of life around you.
your grades are among the highest in your class... and, therefore, we find no merit in the decision... to block your graduation from medical school.
now, along with your crass and disdainful behavior... you carry with you a flame... which one could only hope... would spread through the medical profession like a brushfire.
well, today you go... from being students in a class to being members of a class... a very select class.
you face the future with your heads held high... because you are now...
the sad fact is, human beings are not worthy of trust.
it is human nature to lie, take shortcuts, to lose your nerve, get tired, make mistakes..
no rational patient would put his trust in a human being, and we're not gonna let him!
it is our mission here to rigorously and ruthlessly train the humanity out of you and make you into something better..
the point is, we have to treat the patient as well as the disease..
that's why we have to dive into people, wade into the sea of humanity, truman..
he tells me you have a brilliant mind, and like many brilliant people, you don't necessarily think the rules apply to you..
not all the rules, sir, but the golden rule, i think that applies to everyone..
you act like you're above the system when you're really just a nonconformist..
you have to get under the fingernails of any authority figure that crosses your path as a way of dealing with some insecurity..
i will save lives that could have otherwise not been saved..
now, i could be like you and go around laughing and have a good time, but i prefer to learn, because the more i learn, the more likely i'll have the right answer at the crucial moment and save a life..
you know, maybe i am, but you ask the average person, when death comes knocking at their door, whether they want a prick on their side or some kindergarten teacher who's gonna kiss their ass!
because when that day comes i want the prick, and so will you..
i have traditionally selected an outstanding student to head the welcoming committee..
the time demands are great, and i wouldn't want to jeopardize the academic performance of a weaker student..
you have made a complete mockery out of our distinguished guests.
if you think that i will further tolerate your blatant disregard of the bylaws of this...
dean walcott thinks otherwise, but my grades are way above par.
i want to finish school so i can become a doctor..
no matter what they were before, no matter what happened to them, they could just hide away, you know,
and turn into these beautiful creatures that could fly away, completely untouched.
well, you can make this into a personal issue if you'd like..
but the reality is you are not cut out to be a physician..
but also every person who comes to the ranch is in charge of taking care of someone else..
whether it's cooking for them, cleaning them or even as simple a task as listening..
well, if this means opening your door to those in need, those in pain,
caring for them, listening to them, applying a cold cloth until a fever breaks.
that's why i've listened to your teachings, and i believe they're wrong..
a doctor's mission should be not just to prevent death but also to improve the quality of life..
don't let them numb you out to the miracle of life..
always live in awe of the glorious mechanism of the human body..
mr. adams, i demand that you turn and address the board..
sir, i want to be a doctor with all my heart.
i wanted to become a doctor so i could serve others, and because of that i've lost everything, but i've also gained everything.
i've shared the lives of patients and staff members at the hospital.
your appearance and your demeanor do not reflect what we believe is necessary to earn a patient's trust and respect..
you openly accuse us of adhering to time-honored practices that for years have been the backbone of the entire medical institution..
however, we find no fault in your attempts to improve the quality of life around you..
we find no fault in your desire to expand upon existing medical practices and theories..
now, along with your crass and disdainful behavior, you carry with you a flame, which one could only hope would spread through the medical profession like a brushfire..
and dean walcott, in the future, i think matters like this could best be solved if you yourself would practice a little
"in the middle of the journey of my life i found myself in a dark wood... for i had lost the right path."
eventually i would find the right path... but in the most unlikely place.
i don't mean to be rude, but aren't you a little old to be starting medical school?
you know, babe ruth was 39 when he joined the yankees.
the sad fact is... human beings are not worthy of trust.
it is human nature to lie... take shortcuts, to lose your nerve, get tired... make mistakes.
no rational patient would put his trust in a human being... and were not gonna let him!
it is our mission here... to rigorously and ruthlessly train the humanity out of you... and make you into something better.
here we have a juvenile onset diabetic... with poor circulation and diabetic neuropathy.
as you can see, these are diabetic ulcers... with lymphedema and evidence of gangrene.
he tells me you have a brilliant mind... and, like many brilliant people, you don't necessarily think the rules apply to you.
not all the rules, sir, but the golden rule, i think that applies to everyone.
you act like you're above the system when you're really just a nonconformist.
you have to get under the fingernails... of any authority figure that crosses your path... as a way of dealing with some insecurity.
because when that day comes i want the prick... and so will you.
you know, i forget how young you are, mitch... that you think you have to be a prick to get things done... and that you actually think that that's a new idea.
i have traditionally selected an outstanding student... to head the welcoming committee.
the time demands are great, and i wouldn't want to jeopardize... the academic performance of a weaker student.
you have made a complete mockery out of our distinguished guests.
if you think that i will further tolerate your blatant disregard of the bylaws of this--
dean walcott thinks otherwise... but my grades are way above par.
i want to finish school so i can become a doctor.
people will come from all over the world to fulfill their dream of helping other people.
they'll be a community where joy is a way of life... where learning is the highest aim, where love is the ultimate goal.
- you'll get it every day in the eyes of patients you're helping.
there is more to life than what dean walcott puts out there.
"into your hands, o merciful savior... we commend your servant carin.
receive her into the arms of your mercy, into the blessed rest of everlasting peace, and into the glorious company of the saints... on high."
if you walk away from that, if you let that all die--
i've dedicated every spare moment i have... to assisting you in what i believe is a pure and a good purpose.
i use that term broadly, but is not a doctor someone who helps someone else?
when did the term "doctor" get treated with such reverence, as, "right this way, doctor smith"... or, "excuse me, dr. scholl, what wonderful footpads"... or, "pardon me, dr. patterson, but your flatulence has no odor"?
that's why i've listened to your teachings, and i believe they're wrong.
a doctor's mission should be not just to prevent death... but also to improve the quality of life.
don't let them numb you out to the miracle of life.
always live in awe of the glorious mechanism of the human body.
i wanted to become a doctor so i could serve others... and because of that i've lost everything... but i've also gained everything.
i've shared the lives of patients and staff members at the hospital.
your appearance and your demeanor do not reflect... what we believe is necessary... to earn a patient's trust and respect.
you openly accuse us of adhering to time-honored practices... that for years have been the backbone of the entire medical institution.
however... we find no fault in your attempts... to improve the quality of life around you.
we find no fault in your desire... to expand upon existing medical practices... and theories.
now, along with your crass and disdainful behavior... you carry with you a flame... which one could only hope... would spread through the medical profession like a brushfire.
and, uh, dean walcott... in the future, i think matters like this... could best be solved if you yourself would practice a little...
"in the middle of the journey of my life i found myself in a dark wood... for i had lost the right path. "
eventually i would find the right path... but in the most unlikely place.
and i thought... if i could light my own farts i could fly to the moon, or at least uranus.
but if i couldn't do that at least i could use my penis as a pogo stick... and that might be a way of getting around.
it is human nature to lie... take shortcuts, to lose your nerve, get tired... make mistakes.
no rational patient would put his trust in a human being... and were not gonna let him!
the point is, we have to treat the patient as well as the disease.
that's why we have to dive into people, wade into the sea of humanity, truman.
here we have a juvenile onset diabetic... with poor circulation and diabetic neuropathy.
as you can see, these are diabetic ulcers... with lymphedema and evidence of gangrene.
he tells me you have a brilliant mind... and, like many brilliant people, you don't necessarily think the rules apply to you.
not all the rules, sir, but the golden rule, i think that applies to everyone.
you act like you're above the system when you're really just a nonconformist.
you have to get under the fingernails... of any authority figure that crosses your path... as a way of dealing with some insecurity.
i will save lives that could have otherwise not been saved.
now, i could be like you and go around laughing and have a good time, ha ha... but i prefer to learn, because the more i learn... the more likely i will have the right answer at the crucial moment and save a life.
you know, maybe i am... but you ask the average person, when death comes knocking at their door... whether they want a prick on their side or some kindergarten teacher... who's gonna kiss their ass!
because when that day comes i want the prick... and so will you.
i have traditionally selected an outstanding student... to head the welcoming committee.
the time demands are great, and i wouldn't want to jeopardize... the academic performance of a weaker student.
you have made a complete mockery out of our distinguished guests.
and if you think for one minute... that i will further tolerate your blatant disregard of the bylaws of this-
dean walcott thinks otherwise... but my grades are way above par.
i want to finish school so i can become a doctor.
i paid $250 just to find out i had a sprained ankle.
i mean, do they really need to do all those tests?
"into your hands, o merciful savior... we commend your servant carin.
receive her into the arms of your mercy, into the blessed rest of everlasting peace, and into the glorious company of the saints... on high. "
if you walk away from that, if you let that all die-
i've dedicated every spare moment i have... to assisting you in what i believe is a pure and a good purpose.
i use that term broadly, but is not a doctor someone who helps someone else?
when did the term "doctor" get treated with such reverence, as,
"right this way, doctor smith"... or, "excuse me, dr. scholl, what wonderful footpads"... or, "pardon me, dr. patterson, but your flatulence has no odor"?
at what point in history did a doctor become more... than a trusted and learned friend who visited and treated the ill?
that's why i've listened to your teachings, and i believe they're wrong.
a doctor's mission should be not just to prevent death... but also to improve the quality of life.
don't let them numb you out to the miracle of life.
always live in awe of the glorious mechanism of the human body.
mr. adams, i demand that you turn and address the board.
sir, i want to be a doctor with all my heart.
i wanted to become a doctor so i could serve others... and because of that i've lost everything... but i've also gained everything.
i've shared the lives of patients and staff members at the hospital.
your appearance and your demeanor do not reflect... what we believe is necessary... to earn a patient's trust and respect.
you openly accuse us of adhering to time-honored practices... that for years have been the backbone of the entire medical institution.
however... we find no fault in your attempts... to improve the quality of life around you.
we find no fault in your desire... to expand upon existing medical practices... and theories.
now, along with your crass and disdainful behavior... you carry with you a flame... which one could only hope... would spread through the medical profession like a brushfire.
and, uh, dean walcott... in the future, i think matters like this... could best be solved if you yourself would practice a little...
"ln the middle of the journey of my life i found myself in a dark wood... for l had lost the right path."
eventually i would find the right path... but in the most unlikely place.
it is human nature to lie... take shortcuts, to lose your nerve, get tired... make mistakes.
no rational patient would put his trust in a human being... and were not gonna let him!
here we have a juvenile onset diabetic... with poor circulation and diabetic neuropathy.
as you can see, these are diabetic ulcers... with lymphedema and evidence of gangrene.
he tells me you have a brilliant mind... and, like many brilliant people, you don't necessarily think the rules apply to you.
not all the rules, sir, but the golden rule, i think that applies to everyone.
you act like you're above the system when you're really just a nonconformist.
you have to get under the fingernails... of any authority figure that crosses your path... as a way of dealing with some insecurity.
look, i'm not sure if you've noticed this... but in a class of 163 students there are eight women-- eight.
i've had to work really hard to get here, and i'm gonna have to work even harder to stay... and i'm not about to blow it by wasting my time on your flighty theories of goodness.
i will save lives that could have otherwise not been saved.
now, i could be like you and go around laughing and have a good time, ha ha... but i prefer to learn, because the more i learn... the more likely i will have the right answer at the crucial moment and save a life.
you know, maybe i am... but you ask the average person, when death comes knocking at their door... whether they want a prick on their side or some kindergarten teacher... who's gonna kiss their ass!
because when that day comes i want the prick... and so will you.
i have traditionally selected an outstanding student... to head the welcoming committee.
the time demands are great, and i wouldn't want to jeopardize... the academic performance of a weaker student.
and i am aware of your creative efforts... to make sure our visiting gynecologists feel right at home.
- now, what is it you'd like me to do for you?
i have a hospital and a medical school to run here.
i have to trust the people in my employ... otherwise their quality of life will turn to shit.
now, uh, dean walcott is a-- a pain in the ass... but i depend on him to keep me up to speed on what's going on around here... and i would never take the word of any student over his.
however... i also have a source that informs me that your antics... have improved the quality of life for the patients.
word's getting out we're handling the overflow from three different clinics now.
i start my pediatric clerkship next week. i don't know how i'm gonna... keep up.
i love you because i know no other way than this.
so close... that your hand on my chest is my hand.
i use that term broadly, but is not a doctor someone who helps someone else?
when did the term "doctor" get treated with such reverence, as, "right this way, doctor smith"... or, "excuse me, dr. scholl, what wonderful footpads"... or, "pardon me, dr. patterson, but your flatulence has no odor"?
that's why i've listened to your teachings, and i believe they're wrong.
a doctor's mission should be not just to prevent death... but also to improve the quality of life.
don't let them numb you out to the miracle of life.
always live in awe of the glorious mechanism of the human body.
i wanted to become a doctor so i could serve others... and because of that i've lost everything... but i've also gained everything.
i've shared the lives of patients and staff members at the hospital.
you openly accuse us of adhering to time-honored practices... that for years have been the backbone of the entire medical institution.
however... we find no fault in your attempts... to improve the quality of life around you.
your grades are among the highest in your class... and, therefore, we find no merit in the decision... to block your graduation from medical school.
now, along with your crass and disdainful behavior... you carry with you a flame... which one could only hope... would spread through the medical profession like a brushfire.
well, today you go... from being students in a class to being members of a class-- a very select class.
you face the future with your heads held high... because you are now...
"ln the middle of the journey of my life i found myself in a dark wood... for i had lost the right path."
eventually i would find the right path... but in the most unlikely place.
i don't mean to be rude, but aren't you a little old to be starting medical school?
you know, babe ruth was 39 when he joined the yankees.
the sad fact is... human beings are not worthy of trust.
it is human nature to lie... take shortcuts, to lose your nerve, get tired... make mistakes.
no rational patient would put his trust in a human being... and were not gonna let him!
it is our mission here... to rigorously and ruthlessly train the humanity out of you... and make you into something better.
here we have a juvenile onset diabetic... with poor circulation and diabetic neuropathy.
as you can see, these are diabetic ulcers... with lymphedema and evidence of gangrene.
he tells me you have a brilliant mind... and, like many brilliant people, you don't necessarily think the rules apply to you.
not all the rules, sir, but the golden rule, i think that applies to everyone.
you act like you're above the system when you're really just a nonconformist.
you have to get under the fingernails... of any authority figure that crosses your path... as a way of dealing with some insecurity.
because when that day comes i want the prick... and so will you.
you know, i forget how young you are, mitch... that you think you have to be a prick to get things done... and that you actually think that that's a new idea.
i have traditionally selected an outstanding student... to head the welcoming committee.
the time demands are great, and i wouldn't want to jeopardize... the academic performance of a weaker student.
you have made a complete mockery out of our distinguished guests.
if you think that i will further tolerate your blatant disregard of the bylaws of this--
dean walcott thinks otherwise... but my grades are way above par.
i want to finish school so i can become a doctor.
i paid $250 just to find out i had a sprained ankle.
- i mean, do they really need to do all those tests?
"into your hands, o merciful savior... we commend your servant carin.
receive her into the arms of your mercy, into the blessed rest of everlasting peace, and into the glorious company of the saints... on high."
if you walk away from that, if you let that all die--
i've dedicated every spare moment i have... to assisting you in what i believe is a pure and a good purpose.
i use that term broadly, but is not a doctor someone who helps someone else?
when did the term "doctor" get treated with such reverence, as, "right this way, doctor smith"... or, "excuse me, dr. scholl, what wonderful footpads"... or, "pardon me, dr. patterson, but your flatulence has no odor"?
that's why i've listened to your teachings, and i believe they're wrong.
a doctor's mission should be not just to prevent death... but also to improve the quality of life.
don't let them numb you out to the miracle of life.
always live in awe of the glorious mechanism of the human body.
i wanted to become a doctor so i could serve others... and because of that i've lost everything... but i've also gained everything.
i've shared the lives of patients and staff members at the hospital.
you openly accuse us of adhering to time-honored practices... that for years have been the backbone of the entire medical institution.
however... we find no fault in your attempts... to improve the quality of life around you.
your grades are among the highest in your class... and, therefore, we find no merit in the decision... to block your graduation from medical school.
now, along with your crass and disdainful behavior... you carry with you a flame... which one could only hope... would spread through the medical profession like a brushfire.
well, today you go... from being students in a class to being members of a class-- a very select class.
you face the future with your heads held high... because you are now...
angela and i aren't going to let this affect our friendship, so neither should you.
you guys are both my friends no matter what happens, okay?
our first group project will be an exploration of human nature.
is a person able to alter a trait ingrained in his behavioral makeup since childhood?
and just when i get a moment where i'm not thinking about him, you want to come out and play?
how do you expect me to hang out with you and not think about him?
i come down here, and now you expect me to pick mushrooms.
sure you don't want to get more scorn into the words "pick mushrooms"?
i know that, and that's why you need a new career.
i forgot to tell you, i've applied for the job as village whore.
the whole point is that in...in...in a mature society, in a city, you choose your friends.
you're not schlumped in a goldfish bowl with everybody you hate, and everybody you've ever slept with.
is it any accident that culture flowered in the greek city states rather than goaty hamlets?
or that 19th century paris produced more great art than all the other cheeseries and one–baguette towns up and down france?
no, it was a play on the phrase, "in space, no one can hear you scream".
but in space, nobody can hear you scream, can they, cos it's so vast?
he gets himself a drink and sits down in the corner by the fire.
and then this other chap comes in a few minutes later.
he goes over and he says, "i have to ask you, how did you get such a name?"
and the guy said, "well, i grew up in this village, you know.
well, we've got to keep an eye on him, jean, you and me.
the bad news is your parents hate me enough to cut me out of my own wedding photos.
when you took our wedding vows, you promised, you swore, to do loads of things i want you to do.
i think you'll find that the literal translation of the hungarian marriage vows were "i promise to cherish and nurse you."
– show a bit of respect and maybe we'll get by.
you treat me as if i was one of those birds.
it's not like i went into a pet shop and said, "i want this gorgeous creature,"
and the guy says, "you have to take the scaly old raccoon and the mangy jackal,
and to you, for your kindness, your help, and your tenacity.
i hope one day you'll invite me to one of your concerts.
he's a kindergarten teacher at some school downtown, which i know might scare a lot of parents, seeing as how he's a weedhead and all.
but let me tell you, man, that guy does wonders for those children's self-esteem.
as far as herb goes, you can get it all over this town.
i mean, they might call it the city that never sleeps, but i'll tell you this:
then there's a delivery service run by a guy named samson simpson.
now, when you can afford it, this is the best way.
i know what you look like but looks can be deceivin'
let me check the brain so i can justify the reason
then we scraped together what little money we had... and bought bikes to help us move the product, then stapled samples of our weed on the back of our business cards.
then we called the company mr. nice guy in honor of our friend kenny.
there's this guy nasty nate who's after my cocktail fruit, and everyone here likes fresh fish.
and then the squirrel master came out of left field and told me i'm his bitch.
the next mornin' the phones blew up like we were havin' a fuckin' telethon, man.
everybody in new york was callin' to get down with mr. nice guy.
man, i remember when a dime bag cost a dime, you know what i mean?
you know how much condoms used to cost in them days?
and because we were stealing' the weed, not buyin' it, it was all profit.
but if we were gonna save kenny, we had to deliver full-time.
you can spot these people by their lack of motivation, mood swings, forgetfulness and, of course, the dreaded low sperm count.
i don't know which one of these categories we fall into, but i'll tell you this:
a lot of times they'll get your number accidentally from one of their girlfriends, call up and place an order knowing they don't smoke weed... and request that you personally deliver it.
then when you get there, they're all mad that it's you sellin' weed.
then i started thinkin' about the fact that she was the only girl i slept with in five years.
then i started thinkin' about the girl i slept with before mary jane.
they was gonna mess me up if i didn't bring them mr. nice guy.
so they probably roughed the guy up, then they started goin' to war with the apartment.
he called off all his fights, and he started doing crack, and he freaked out.
and then in a rage, he collapsed, and his heart... no longer beat.
why do you think samson thinks that mr. nice guy's a jamaican?
oh, 'cause i told him mr. nice guy was jamaican, yo.
hey, uh, seein' as how we don't know who you are, are you plannin' on movin' out anytime soon?
thurgood, why don't you just focus on one thing at a time?
now all we gotta do is go down this hatch to the second-floor supply room.
grab all the weed you can grab, and we are outta here!
unless you say out loud what it is you're buying, we got nothin'.
so make sure that you say it, and make sure that you get samson to say it.
he's a kindergarten teacher at some school downtown, which i know might scare a lot of parents, seeing as how he's a weedhead and all.
but let me tell you, man, that guy does wonders for those children's self-esteem.
as far as herb goes, you can get it all over this town.
i mean, they might call it the city that never sleeps, but i'll tell you this:
then there's a delivery service run by a guy named samson simpson.
now, when you can afford it, this is the best way.
i know what you look like but looks can be deceivin'
let me check the brain so i can justify the reason
then we scraped together what little money we had... and bought bikes to help us move the product, then stapled samples of our weed on the back of our business cards.
then we called the company mr. nice guy in honor of our friend kenny.
there's this guy nasty nate who's after my cocktail fruit, and everyone here likes fresh fish.
and then the squirrel master came out of left field and told me i'm his bitch.
the next mornin' the phones blew up like we were havin' a fuckin' telethon, man.
everybody in new york was callin' to get down with mr. nice guy.
man, i remember when a dime bag cost a dime, you know what i mean?
you know how much condoms used to cost in them days?
and because we were stealing' the weed, not buyin' it, it was all profit.
but if we were gonna save kenny, we had to deliver full-time.
you can spot these people by their lack of motivation, mood swings, forgetfulness and, of course, the dreaded low sperm count.
i don't know which one of these categories we fall into, but i'll tell you this:
a lot of times they'll get your number accidentally from one of their girlfriends, call up and place an order knowing they don't smoke weed... and request that you personally deliver it.
then when you get there, they're all mad that it's you sellin' weed.
then i started thinkin' about the fact that she was the only girl i slept with in five years.
then i started thinkin' about the girl i slept with before mary jane.
they was gonna mess me up if i didn't bring them mr. nice guy.
so they probably roughed the guy up, then they started goin' to war with the apartment.
he called off all his fights, and he started doing crack, and he freaked out.
and then in a rage, he collapsed, and his heart... no longer beat.
why do you think samson thinks that mr. nice guy's a jamaican?
oh, 'cause i told him mr. nice guy was jamaican, yo.
hey, uh, seein' as how we don't know who you are, are you plannin' on movin' out anytime soon?
thurgood, why don't you just focus on one thing at a time?
now all we gotta do is go down this hatch to the second-floor supply room.
grab all the weed you can grab, and we are outta here!
unless you say out loud what it is you're buying, we got nothin'.
so make sure that you say it, and make sure that you get samson to say it.
he's a kindergarten teacher at some school downtown which i know might scare a lot of parents, seeing as how he's a weedhead and all.
but let me tell you, man, that guy does wonders for those children's self-esteem.
as far as herb goes, you can get it all over this town.
i mean, they might call it the city that never sleeps, but i'll tell you this:
then there's a delivery service run by a guy named samson simpson.
now, when you can afford it, this is the best way.
tomorrow i'll be a cowboy, the day after that an indian.
every day of the week, i dress up like a different village person.
i know what you look like but looks can be deceivin'
let me check the brain so i can justify the reason.
then we scraped together what little money we had and bought bikes to help us move the product then stapled samples of our weed on the back of our business cards.
then we called the company mr. nice guy in honor of our friend kenny.
there's this guy nasty nate who's after my cocktail fruit and everyone here likes fresh fish.
and then the squirrel master came out of left field and told me i'm his bitch.
she is my main thing she make me feel all right.
she make my heart sing all right, how'd you guys make out?
they love talkin' about the old days, back when weed was grass.
hell, back in the '60s, we used to smoke that shit on the street.
it wasn't the thing to do because it was the thing to do, you know?
it was the thing to do because it got you high.
and because we were stealing' the weed, not buyin' it, it was all profit.
but if we were gonna save kenny, we had to deliver full-time.
it's just that, you know, i liked this so much, man.
when i was with her, i didn't even think about weed.
you can spot these people by their lack of motivation mood swings, forgetfulness and, of course, the dreaded low sperm count.
i don't know which one of these categories we fall into, but i'll tell you this:
a lot of times they'll get your number accidentally from one of their girlfriends call up and place an order knowing they don't smoke weed and request that you personally deliver it.
then when you get there, they're all mad that it's you sellin' weed.
we really had to hustle, and that meant taking' on new customers.
but meanwhile i hadn't seen mary jane in, like, a week.
then i started thinkin' about the fact that she was the only girl i slept with in five years.
then i started thinkin' about the girl i slept with before mary jane.
samson and his girls came rollin' up in here lookin' for me.
they was gonna mess me up if i didn't bring them mr. nice guy.
why do you think samson thinks that mr. nice guy's a jamaican?
oh, 'cause i told him mr. nice guy was jamaican, yo.
hey, uh, seein' as how we don't know who you are are you plannin' on movin' out anytime soon?
thurgood, why don't you just focus on one thing at a time?
now all we gotta do is go down this hatch to the second-floor supply room.
grab all the weed you can grab, and we are outta here!
unless you say out loud what it is you're buying, we got nothin'.
so make sure that you say it, and make sure that you get samson to say it.
the cops took all the credit for bustin' samson, but that's not important.
what was important is that we cut a deal, and kenny was finally free.
kenny is probably doin' the best out of all of us.
he's a kindergarten teacher at some school downtown, which i know might scare a lot of parents, seeing as how he's a weedhead and all.
now, when you can afford it, this is the best way.
i mean, you can get anything you want, from weed to heroin.
get me a box of condoms, and, um, what's that stuff?
we used to eat it all the time back in the day.
tomorrow i'll be a cowboy, the day after that an indian.
every day of the week, i dress up like a different village person.
step on up if you think you fit the bill yeah
i know what you look like but looks can be deceivin'
i had to make my move while the guys were asleep.
i'm real bad at this, but you think sometime we could get together, maybe go out for some ice cream or something?
watch your back, fish, 'cause squirrel master ain't gonna be there for you all the time.
'cause next time i come for you, i'm gonna want some cocktailfruit.
she is my main thing she make me feel all right
she make my heart sing all right, how'd you guys make out?
they love talkin' about the old days, back when weed was grass.
hell, back in the '60s, we used to smoke that shit on the street.
it wasn't the thing to do because it was the thing to do, you know?
it was the thing to do because it got you high.
it's just that, you know, i liked this so much, man.
when i was with her, i didn't even think about weed.
i can't quit selling' it yet, but i'll quit smokin' it.
if that's what you want, then- then i'll change for you.
samson and his girls came rollin' up in here lookin' for me.
they was gonna mess me up if i didn't bring them mr. nice guy.
the cops took all the credit for bustin' samson, but that's not important.
what was important is that we cut a deal, and kenny was finally free.
kenny is probably doing the best out of all of us.
he's a kindergarten teacher at some school downtown, which i know might scare a lot of parents, seeing as how he's a weedhead and all.
as far as herb goes, you can get it all over this town.
i mean, they might call it the city that never sleeps, but, i'll tell you this:
yeah, when you can afford it, this is the best way.
i mean, you can get anything you want, from weed to heroin.
you know, uh, tomorrow i'll be a cowboy, the day after that i'll be an indian.
every day of the week, i dress up like a different village person.
♪ said i'm looking for brains, ♪ ♪ guts, looks, and skills ♪
♪ step on up ♪ ♪ if you think you fit the bill ♪
♪ i know what you look like, ♪ ♪ but looks can be deceiving' ♪
♪ let me tap the brain ♪ ♪ so i can justify the reason ♪
i had to make my move while the guys were sleeping.
i'm, i'm real bad at this kind of thing, but... you think sometime we could get together, maybe go out for some ice cream or something?
and then stapled samples of our weed on the back of our business cards.
then we called the company mr. nice guy in honour of our friend, kenny.
cos squirrel master's not gonna be there for you all the time.
cos next time i come for you, i'm gonna want some cocktail... fruit!
♪ so don't listen to what they say ♪ ♪ cos mary never could trip ♪
♪ mary very very necessary ♪ ♪ extraordinary being' mary ♪
the next morning, the phones blew up like we were having a fuckin' telethon, man!
everybody in new york was calling to get down with mr. nice guy.
and because we were stealing the weed, not buying it, it was all profit.
but, if we were gonna save kenny, we had to deliver full-time.
you can spot these people by their lack of motivation, mood swings, forgetfulness, and, of course, the dreaded low sperm count.
i don't know which one of these categories we fall into.
lot of times, they'll get your number accidentally from one of their girlfriends, call up and place an order, knowing they don't smoke weed, and request that you personally deliver it.
then when you get there, they're all mad that it's you selling weed.
then i started thinking about the fact that she was the only girl i had slept with in five years.
then i started about the girl i slept with before mary jane.
cos they said they was gonna mess me up if i didn't bring them mr. nice guy.
so, they probably roughed the guy up, then started going to war with the apartment.
hey, uh... seeing as how we don't know who you are, you know... are you planning on moving out soon?
thurgood, why don't you just focus on one thing at a time?
of course, the cops took all the credit for busting samson, but that's not important.
what was important is that we cut a deal, and kenny was finally free.
♪ bring out the lovin', ♪ ♪ the lovin' desire, baby ♪
♪ you got the match, ooh, ♪ ♪ that lights my fire ♪
kenny is probably doing' the best out of all of us.
he's a kindergarten teacher at some school downtown, which i know might scare a lot of parents, seeing as how he's a weedhead and all.
- as far as herb goes, you can get it all over this town.
i mean, they might call it the city that never sleeps, but i'll tell you this:
then there's a delivery service run by a guy named samson simpson.
now, when you can afford it, this is the best way.
get me a box of condoms, and, um, what's that stuff?
we used to eat it all the time back in the day.
there's this guy nasty nate who's after my cocktail fruit, and everyone here likes fresh fish.
and then the squirrel master came out of left field and told me i'm his bitch.
the next mornin' the phones blew up like we were havin' a fuckin' telethon, man.
everybody in new york was callin' to get down with mr. nice guy.
they love talkin' about the old days, back when weed was grass.
hell, back in the '60s, we used to smoke that shit on the street.
- it wasn't the thing to do because it was the thing to do, you know?
it was the thing to do because it got you high.
you can spot these people by their lack of motivation, mood swings, forgetfulness and, of course, the dreaded low sperm count.
i don't know which one of these categories we fall into, but i'll tell you this:
a lot of times they'll get your number accidentally from one of their girlfriends, call up and place an order knowing they don't smoke weed... and request that you personally deliver it.
then when you get there, they're all mad that it's you sellin' weed.
we really had to hustle, and that meant taking' on new customers.
but meanwhile i hadn't seen mary jane in, like, a week.
then i started thinkin' about the fact that she was the only girl i slept with in five years.
then i started thinkin' about the girl i slept with before mary jane.
samson and his girls came rollin' up in here lookin' for me.
they was gonna mess me up if i didn't bring them mr. nice guy.
he called off all his fights, and he started doing crack, and he freaked out.
and then in a rage, he collapsed, and his heart... no longer beat.
why do you think samson thinks that mr. nice guy's a jamaican?
oh, 'cause i told him mr. nice guy was jamaican, yo.
hey, uh, seein' as how we don't know who you are, are you plannin' on movin' out anytime soon?
thurgood, why don't you just focus on one thing at a time?
now all we gotta do is go down this hatch to the second-floor supply room.
grab all the weed you can grab, and we are outta here!
unless you say out loud what it is you're buying, we got nothin'.
so make sure that you say it, and make sure that you get samson to say it.
the cops took all the credit for bustin' samson, but that's not important.
what was important is that we cut a deal, and kenny was finally free.
kenny is probably doing the best out of all of us.
he's a kindergarten teacher downtown, which i know might scare parents, seeing as how he's a weedhead.
as far as herb goes, you can get it all over this town.
they might call it the city that never sleeps, but i'll tell you this, it takes a lot of fuckin' weed naps.
tomorrow i'll be a cowboy, the day after that i'll be an indian.
every day of the week, i dress up like a different village person.
# step on up if you think you fit the bill
# i know what you look like, but looks can be deceivin'
i had to make my move while the guys were asleep.
i'm real bad at this, but you think sometime we could get together, maybe go out for some ice cream or something?
# don't listen to what they say cos mary never contrary
# mary very very necessary extraordinary me and mary to the mortuary
the next day, the phones blew up like we were having a fuckin' telethon!
everybody in new york was calling to get down with mr nice guy.
the money we have is not for spending, it's for saving kenny's sweet virgin ass, man!
if you guys spend one more dime, i swear i will bitch-slap you!
you can spot them by their lack of motivation, mood swings, forgetfulness and, of course, the dreaded low sperm count.
i don't know which category we fall into, but i'll tell you this, we ain't goddamn potheads!
often they'll get your number accidentally from one of their girlfriends, call with an order, knowing they don't smoke weed, and request that you deliver it.
then when you get there, they're all mad that it's you sellin' weed.
they probably roughed the guy up, then started going to war with the apartment.
they had nunchucks, bolos, they be doing indian burns and killer paid the price, yo.
first of all, to understand what happened to killer, you gotta understand who killer the dog was.
now, killer was born to a three-legged bitch of a mother.
he called off all his fights and he started doing crack and he freaked out.
and then, in a rage... he collapsed and his heart... no longer beat.
kenny is probably doin' the best out of all of us.
he's a kindergarten teacher at some school downtown, which i know might scare a lot of parents, seeing as how he's a weedhead and all.
then there's a delivery service run by a guy named samson simpson.
now, when you can afford it, this is the best way.
get me a box of condoms, and, um, what's that stuff?
we used to eat it all the time back in the day.
# everybody knows in my neighborhood it's the bestest around #
# samson's shit is blessed got the whole town on lockdown #
- # step on up if you think you fit the bill # - # yeah #
# i know what you look like but looks can be deceiving' #
i had to make my move while the guys were asleep.
i'm real bad at this, but you think sometime we could get together, maybe go out for some ice cream or something?
watch your back, fish, 'cause squirrel master ain't gonna be there for you all the time.
'cause next time i come for you, i'm gonna want some cocktail-- fruit.
- # mary jane # - # how y'all feel about mary jane #
- # y'all don't know about mary jane # - # mary jane #
the next mornin' the phones blew up like we were havin' a fuckin' telethon, man.
everybody in new york was callin' to get down with mr. nice guy.
man, i remember when a dime bag cost a dime, you know what i mean?
- you know how much condoms used to cost in them days?
and because we were stealing' the weed, not buyin' it, it was all profit.
but if we were gonna save kenny, we had to deliver full-time.
it's just that, you know, i liked this so much, man.
when i was with her, i didn't even think about weed.
# when life is hard, i pick up that card with the smiley face #
- # call him over to my place # - [all shouting, cheering]
they was gonna mess me up if i didn't bring them mr. nice guy.
so they probably roughed the guy up, then they started goin' to war with the apartment.
he called off all his fights, and he started doing crack, and he freaked out.
and then in a rage, he collapsed, and his heart... no longer beat.
hey, uh, seein' as how we don't know who you are, are you plannin' on movin' out anytime soon?
thurgood, why don't you just focus on one thing at a time?
unless you say out loud what it is you're buying, we got nothin'.
so make sure that you say it, and make sure that you get samson to say it.
[thurgood] the cops took all the credit for bustin' samson, but that's not important.
what was important is that we cut a deal, and kenny was finally free.
he's a kindergarten teacher at some school downtown, which i know might scare a lot of parents, seeing as how he's a weedhead and all.
but let me tell you, man, that guy does wonders for those children's self-esteem.
as far as herb goes, you can get it all over this town.
i mean, they might call it the city that never sleeps, but i'll tell you this:
then there's a delivery service run by a guy named samson simpson.
now, when you can afford it, this is the best way.
i know what you look like but looks can be deceivin'
let me check the brain so i can justify the reason
then we scraped together what little money we had... and bought bikes to help us move the product, then stapled samples of our weed on the back of our business cards.
then we called the company mr. nice guy in honor of our friend kenny.
there's this guy nasty nate who's after my cocktail fruit, and everyone here likes fresh fish.
and then the squirrel master came out of left field and told me i'm his bitch.
the next mornin' the phones blew up like we were havin' a fuckin' telethon, man.
everybody in new york was callin' to get down with mr. nice guy.
man, i remember when a dime bag cost a dime, you know what i mean?
you know how much condoms used to cost in them days?
and because we were stealing' the weed, not buyin' it, it was all profit.
but if we were gonna save kenny, we had to deliver full-time.
you can spot these people by their lack of motivation, mood swings, forgetfulness and, of course, the dreaded low sperm count.
i don't know which one of these categories we fall into, but i'll tell you this:
a lot of times they'll get your number accidentally from one of their girlfriends, call up and place an order knowing they don't smoke weed... and request that you personally deliver it.
then when you get there, they're all mad that it's you sellin' weed.
then i started thinkin' about the fact that she was the only girl i slept with in five years.
then i started thinkin' about the girl i slept with before mary jane.
they was gonna mess me up if i didn't bring them mr. nice guy.
so they probably roughed the guy up, then they started goin' to war with the apartment.
he called off all his fights, and he started doing crack, and he freaked out.
and then in a rage, he collapsed, and his heart... no longer beat.
why do you think samson thinks that mr. nice guy's a jamaican?
oh, 'cause i told him mr. nice guy was jamaican, yo.
hey, uh, seein' as how we don't know who you are, are you plannin' on movin' out anytime soon?
thurgood, why don't you just focus on one thing at a time?
now all we gotta do is go down this hatch to the second-floor supply room.
grab all the weed you can grab, and we are outta here!
unless you say out loud what it is you're buying, we got nothin'.
so make sure that you say it, and make sure that you get samson to say it.
turn around and ask me for heifer with cheese, yo !
why you gotta make me feel inferior 'cause i'm on the grill, b ?
he's a kindergarten teacher at some school downtown, which i know might scare a lot of parents, seeing as how he's a weedhead and all.
but let me tell you, man, that guy does wonders for those children's self-esteem.
then there's a delivery service run by a guy named samson simpson.
now, when you can afford it, this is the best way.
- step on up if you think you fit the bill
- yeah i know what you look like but looks can be deceivin'
i had to make my move while the guys were asleep.
i'm real bad at this, but you think sometime we could get together, maybe go out for some ice cream or something ?
- then we scraped together what little money we had... and bought bikes to help us move the product, then stapled samples of our weed on the back of our business cards.
then we called the company mr. nice guy in honor of our friend kenny.
there's this guy nasty nate who's after my cocktail fruit, and everyone here likes fresh fish.
and then the squirrel master came out of left field and told me i'm his bitch.
man, i remember when a dime bag cost a dime, you know what i mean ?
- you know how much condoms used to cost in them days ?
and because we were stealing' the weed, not buyin' it, it was all profit.
but if we were gonna save kenny, we had to deliver full-time.
then i started thinkin' about the fact that she was the only girl i slept with in five years.
then i started thinkin' about the girl i slept with before mary jane.
i miss you. i'll do whatever it takes to get you back.
i can't quit selling' it yet, but i'll quit smokin' it.
samson and his girls came rollin' up in here lookin' for me.
they was gonna mess me up if i didn't bring them mr. nice guy.
he called off all his fights, and he started doing crack, and he freaked out.
and then in a rage, he collapsed, and his heart... no longer beat.
why do you think samson thinks that mr. nice guy's a jamaican ?
oh, 'cause i told him mr. nice guy was jamaican, yo.
now all we gotta do is go down this hatch to the second-floor supply room.
grab all the weed you can grab, and we are outta here !
the cops took all the credit for bustin' samson, but that's not important.
what was important is that we cut a deal, and kenny was finally free.
he's a kindergarten teacher at some school downtown, which i know might scare a lot of parents, seeing as how he's a weedhead and all.
but let me tell you, man, that guy does wonders for those children's self-esteem.
as far as herb goes, you can get it all over this town.
i mean, they might call it the city that never sleeps, but i'll tell you this:
then there's a delivery service run by a guy named samson simpson.
now, when you can afford it, this is the best way.
i know what you look like but looks can be deceivin'
let me check the brain so i can justify the reason
then we scraped together what little money we had... and bought bikes to help us move the product, then stapled samples of our weed on the back of our business cards.
then we called the company mr. nice guy in honor of our friend kenny.
there's this guy nasty nate who's after my cocktail fruit, and everyone here likes fresh fish.
and then the squirrel master came out of left field and told me i'm his bitch.
the next mornin' the phones blew up like we were havin' a fuckin' telethon, man.
everybody in new york was callin' to get down with mr. nice guy.
man, i remember when a dime bag cost a dime, you know what i mean?
you know how much condoms used to cost in them days?
and because we were stealing' the weed, not buyin' it, it was all profit.
but if we were gonna save kenny, we had to deliver full-time.
you can spot these people by their lack of motivation, mood swings, forgetfulness and, of course, the dreaded low sperm count.
i don't know which one of these categories we fall into, but i'll tell you this:
a lot of times they'll get your number accidentally from one of their girlfriends, call up and place an order knowing they don't smoke weed... and request that you personally deliver it.
then when you get there, they're all mad that it's you sellin' weed.
then i started thinkin' about the fact that she was the only girl i slept with in five years.
then i started thinkin' about the girl i slept with before mary jane.
they was gonna mess me up if i didn't bring them mr. nice guy.
so they probably roughed the guy up, then they started goin' to war with the apartment.
he called off all his fights, and he started doing crack, and he freaked out.
and then in a rage, he collapsed, and his heart... no longer beat.
why do you think samson thinks that mr. nice guy's a jamaican?
oh, 'cause i told him mr. nice guy was jamaican, yo.
hey, uh, seein' as how we don't know who you are, are you plannin' on movin' out anytime soon?
thurgood, why don't you just focus on one thing at a time?
now all we gotta do is go down this hatch to the second-floor supply room.
grab all the weed you can grab, and we are outta here!
unless you say out loud what it is you're buying, we got nothin'.
so make sure that you say it, and make sure that you get samson to say it.
come on, let's get some candy and get out of here, b.
i've heard people say they don't get high the first time they smoke.
kenny is probably doing the best out of all of us.
he's a kindergarten teacher downtown, which i know might scare parents, seeing as how he's a weedhead.
then we scraped together our money and bought bikes to help us move the product and then stapled samples of our weed on the back of our business cards.
we called the company mr nice guy in honour of our friend kenny.
because we were stealing the weed, not buying it, it was all profit.
but if we were gonna save kenny, we had to deliver full-time.
the money we have is not for spending, it's for saving kenny's sweet virgin ass, man!
if you guys spend one more dime, i swear i will bitch-slap you!
you can spot them by their lack of motivation, mood swings, forgetfulness and, of course, the dreaded low sperm count.
i don't know which category we fall into, but i'll tell you this, we ain't goddamn potheads!
often they'll get your number accidentally from one of their girlfriends, call with an order, knowing they don't smoke weed, and request that you deliver it.
then when you get there, they're all mad that it's you sellin' weed.
i started thinking about the fact that she was the only girl i'd slept with in five years.
then i thought about the girl i slept with before her.
they said they'd mess me up if i didn't bring them mr nice guy.
they probably roughed the guy up, then started going to war with the apartment.
hey, seeing as how we don't know who you are, are you planning on moving out soon?
thurgood, why don't you just focus on one thing at a time?
unless you say out loud what you're buying, we got nothing.
make sure you that say it and that you get samson to say it.
- then we scraped together what little money we had... then stapled samples of our weed on the back of our business cards.
then we called the company mr. nice guy in honor of our friend kenny.
everybody in new york was callin' to get down with mr. nice guy.
like this guy here. 'cause he thinks marijuana makes every activity that much better.
i promise you. are you plannin' on movin' out anytime soon?
why don't you just focus on one thing at a time?
i'm heading on up to south park gonna see if i can't unwind
so come on down to south park and meet some friends of mine
now, children, nancy sinatra was quite a choice piece of ass.
hey, new kid, do you want an invitation to my birthday party?
green mega man goes with red mega man and yellow mega man to make the ultra mega mega man.
you have to have all three or it doesn't work, see?
now, as you can see, kenny, you are to get me yellow mega man.
that's because yellow mega man is the cheapest one, and i know how poor your family is.
now, as you can see, the red mega man uses the mega cycle, which is what clyde will be getting me for my birthday.
wendy, you were supposed to get me the mega power chopper illustrated here.
but i am changing your present to the yellow mega man, since kenny has been turned into a duck-billed platypus.
that means that the mega man beach house, illustrated here, will be a gift given by two people at once 'cause it costs more money...
believe me, i know what it's like not to have friends.
perhaps you should speak to the school counsellor, he helps me a lot when i'm feeling lonely.
well, come on, we have to at least see the weigh-in.
who the hell decided the fight had to be on saturday, huh?
hey, jesus, if you win the fight can you turn kenny back to normal?
what the hell do you mean, if i win the fight?
now, as your counsellor, i want you to feel like you can tell me anything, m'kay?
being the new kid can be tough, but i'm your friend, m'kay?
it seems that several bets were changed to satan this morning.
in fact, it seems that only one person in this entire town is still betting on me.
actually, i think they make fun of the fat boy a lot, too, but now i think they like him because he picks on me.
in the blue corner, wearing white trunks, weighing in at a mere 140 pounds,
cup her perky breasts in my hands and put my hand on her nice, tight buns.
this episode teaches racial tolerance to treat everyone equally, regardless of skin color.
and can't we do a little better than creamed corn creamed corn and creamed corn?
bring in more diverse food or else kenny's family will have a pretty corny thanksgiving.
it's easy not to think of images on tv as real, but they are.
that's why it's easy to ignore those commercials, but people on tv are real.
wendy, you were supposed to get me the mega power chopper.
but i'm changing that to yellow mega man since kenny was turned into a duck-billed platypus.
now i think they like him because he picks on me.
in the blue corner, wearing white trunks weighing in at a mere 140 pounds jesús "el savior" christ.
but i'm changing that to yellow mega man since kenny was turned into a duck-billed platypus.
that means that the mega man beach house will be given by two people...
now, that is a man who's eaten a lot of beef.
son of god, i will smash thy face into small little bits.
what you need to do, damien, is to be overly nice.
no matter how mean the other kids are, just don't retaliate.
in the blue corner, wearing white trunks weighing in at a mere 140 pounds jesús "el savior" christ.
and in the very, very black corner wearing very, very black trunks the king of all that is evil beelzebub!
i didn't see him because he, other than you, didn't make an appointment.
i don't have a lot of time when i'm here, and i'm not at his disposal.
"at the time of the death of mr. pierre andre rousseau.
i did it with no hesitation to avoid him useless hassle."
is he at his home in paris or did he go to his estate?
you can reach mr. walser at the estate around 10 pm, but i cannot give you the phone number.
for things not to happen, we had to do more than just keep quiet.
if i understand you, what we feared these past five years is happening.
you won't talk to her because she is no longer here.
i don't see why you are so condescending, as if you knew everything.
i didn't see him because he, other than you, didn't make an appointment.
i don't have a lot of time when i'm here, and i'm not at his disposal.
"at the time of the death of mr. pierre andre rousseau.
i did it with no hesitation to avoid him useless hassle. "
is he at his home in paris or did he go to his estate?
you can reach mr. walser at the estate around 10 pm, but i cannot give you the phone number.
for things not to happen, we had to do more than just keep quiet.
if i understand you, what we feared these past five years is happening.
you know, it's because... married people need to reassure themselves they haven't made a terrible mistake.
that's why you want everyone to join the same happy club.
i've never known anyone piss as much as you, apart from my grandmother.
i thought you were going to ask me if i was pregnant.
well, of course, there's the damage to the dress, plus the personal distress.
ordinarily, i'd sue her ass off, but then this isn't the states unfortunately.
look, i really must insist that you write that letter of apology to natalie.
and er, well, i don't want to say that our friendship depends on it but erm...
you know, it's because... married people need to reassure themselves they haven't made a terrible mistake.
that's why you want everyone to join the same happy club.
look, why don't you have yet another drink, and leave us to talk business, ok?
have you ever seen that trick where you set fire to a bit of this paper and it floats right up to the ceiling?
ordinarily, i'd sue her ass off, but then this isn't the states unfortunately.
so i guess i'll have to settle for a letter of apology.
sheriff quince and the warden got a nice little racket going here.
the sheriff picks out someone he thinks has some money accuses him of some crime.
inmate 7 8, i am here to offer you the possibility of a retrial.
it seems that some of the facts in your case could be reexamined.
i will not allow you men to slack off from work.
inmate 46 here has been hiding in the infirmary, taking it easy.
she knows more than she's saying, and i say we get it out of her!
please, preacher, i'm a good christian woman. i never done harm to no one.
well, he's a stone-cold liar, and i don't want any trouble from the rest.
i understand how you gentlemen were conned by this here criminal.
he was talking, i was tuning in and out, and i started doing that thing where i close one eye, and he was standing in front of the bench.
then i closed the other eye, and he was standing next to the bench.
i don't know, i just always loved to cook-- five sisters.
and it turned out great, because while i was making sunday dinner, they were out mowing the lawn.
this is kent brockman live at the springfield post office on tax day.
it's literally the 11 th hour- 10:00 p.m. - and tardy taxpayers are scrambling to mail their returns by midnight.
- okay, marge, if anyone asks... you require 24-hour nursing care, lisa's a clergyman...
- maggie is seven people, and bart was wounded in vietnam.
my militia has a secret plan... to beat up all sorts of government officials.
that'll teach 'em to drag their feet on high definition tv!
the film you are about to see... is top secret and contains adult situations.
in 1945, the people of europe struggled to rebuild following the war.
but all we've ascertained from satellite photos is that it's not on the roof.
we're hoping that as his trusted employee, you can help lead us to it.
well, mr. burns, you always come off as kind of a gruff, crotchety loner.
- but we both know that deep down inside- - [strains] ha-ha!
well, of course, i didn't want a racehorse in my living room.
- but you don't say no to spring byington, do you?
let's just divide up the trillion now and go our separate ways.
ah, i'm afraid we've got to get out of the country.
i, too, feel a renewed appreciation for the good old u.s. of a.
oppression and harassment are a small price to pay to live in the land of the free.
and if it's a crime to steal a trillion dollars from our government... and hand it over to communist cuba, then i'm guilty of that too.
and if it's a crime to bribe a jury... then so help me...
it's literally the 11 th hour- 10:00 p.m. - and tardy taxpayers are scrambling to mail their returns by midnight.
sir, why did you wait until the last minute to pay your taxes?
hey, put in a good word for ol' gil, would ya?
mr. simpson, this government computer can process over nine tax returns per day.
but first i need to hear about some other crimes to get me fired up.
you mean like the time you was running moonshine out of your basement?
we believe burns still has that bill hidden somewhere in his house.
but all we've ascertained from satellite photos is that it's not on the roof.
we're hoping that as his trusted employee, you can help lead us to it.
but mr. burns gave me my job, and he hasn't fired me... even after three meltdowns and one china syndrome.
that's me, all right- standing up against america's reckless spendthrift politicians.
it commemorates my liberation of a trillion dollars that would have been foolishly squandered.
well, if it's a crime to love one's country, then i'm guilty.
and if it's a crime to steal a trillion dollars from our government... and hand it over to communist cuba, then i'm guilty of that too.
this is kent brockman live at the springfield post office on tax day.
it's literally the 11 th hour- 10:00 p.m. - and tardy taxpayers are scrambling to mail their returns by midnight.
- okay, marge, if anyone asks... you require 24-hour nursing care, lisa's a clergyman...
- maggie is seven people, and bart was wounded in vietnam.
my militia has a secret plan... to beat up all sorts of government officials.
that'll teach 'em to drag their feet on high definition tv!
the film you are about to see... is top secret and contains adult situations.
in 1945, the people of europe struggled to rebuild following the war.
but all we've ascertained from satellite photos is that it's not on the roof.
we're hoping that as his trusted employee, you can help lead us to it.
well, mr. burns, you always come off as kind of a gruff, crotchety loner.
- but we both know that deep down inside- - [strains] ha-ha!
well, of course, i didn't want a racehorse in my living room.
- but you don't say no to spring byington, do you?
let's just divide up the trillion now and go our separate ways.
ah, i'm afraid we've got to get out of the country.
i, too, feel a renewed appreciation for the good old u.s. of a.
oppression and harassment are a small price to pay to live in the land of the free.
and if it's a crime to steal a trillion dollars from our government... and hand it over to communist cuba, then i'm guilty of that too.
and if it's a crime to bribe a jury... then so help me...
did you give the kid the cheeseburger before or after the parents agreed?
thought i might need 24 hours to talk them into it.
i might've been able to keep that kid here this afternoon.
but he would've gone out and done the same thing tomorrow.
it's like when he hit me, the person i loved died.
carla, i'm sorry that i haven't been able to be here for you.
so, two members of l'heure sanguine... former colleagues of michael's, sought revenge for the death of rene dian.
they grabbed you inside your apartment and took you to vienna... where you overcame them.
george has been pressuring me for months now to have backups in place.
in practical terms, it'll help all of us lighten our workloads.
there's a debrief in progress on level 3... and two missions are going out today that need to be profiled.
i'll handle central africa, i'm already up to speed on it.
why don't you quit with english gentility and tell me what you want from me?
together, my dear, you and i are going to destroy section one.
i'm certain you've heard many times... the rhetoric of sacrifice for the greater good.
it may even have assuaged your guilt over killing all those people.
he wants to draw the map of the world in his own image.
he already owns the heads of state... of many eastern and middle eastern countries.
marin will be making his first public appearance at the palace tomorrow.
birkoff has the appropriate intel to configure a counter... against the attempt on marin's life.
operations couldn't buy his allegiance, so he's going to have marin killed.
why would he bother going through the motions of pretending to intervene?
the next in line to succeed the president is owned by operations.
the country is an important part of the puzzle for him.
it's like when he hit me, the person i loved died.
carla, i'm sorry that i haven't been able to be here for you.
so, two members of l'heure sanguine... former colleagues of michael's, sought revenge for the death of rene dian.
they grabbed you inside your apartment and took you to vienna... where you overcame them.
george has been pressuring me for months now to have backups in place.
in practical terms, it'll help all of us lighten our workloads.
there's a debrief in progress on level 3... and two missions are going out today that need to be profiled.
i'll handle central africa, i'm already up to speed on it.
why don't you quit with english gentility and tell me what you want from me?
together, my dear, you and i are going to destroy section one.
i'm certain you've heard many times... the rhetoric of sacrifice for the greater good.
it may even have assuaged your guilt over killing all those people.
he wants to draw the map of the world in his own image.
he already owns the heads of state... of many eastern and middle eastern countries.
marin will be making his first public appearance at the palace tomorrow.
birkoff has the appropriate intel to configure a counter... against the attempt on marin's life.
operations couldn't buy his allegiance, so he's going to have marin killed.
why would he bother going through the motions of pretending to intervene?
the next in line to succeed the president is owned by operations.
the country is an important part of the puzzle for him.
mike, i set up the interview for you and the mayor tomorrow.
oh, and he wants to see you the second you get back.
and you think it would be perfect for the mayor's book.
oh, mike, would it hurt so much for him to put me in?
you know, perhaps we might, uh... (clears throat) if you'll excuse me,
i just hit a new low, and i really need to go examine my life.
you deserve that job, so go out there and get it.
in an hour's time, it'll be yours, and after a short trip to the store to return that belt, you can thoroughly enjoy your reunion.
- better yet, make it a cup of chamomile tea with a squirt of lemon and a full teaspoonful of honey.
we'll try to get that for you just as soon as my assistant gets back.
i didn't feel it was right to keep her on any longer.
well, let me say i applaud your judgement on that score.
i'm never going to that grocery store across the street again.
they gave me such a hard time because i brought eddie in.
i'll take it back, but i need it to return all that cheap dog food.
i'm going to pick up cleaning supplies, i'll do it for you.
right now, i am going to go down to the store and run a little errand for my friend, eddie.
tonight, i'll be coming back home and spending the evening with daphne, doing some light housework and listening to my brand-new book on tape:
your initial statement was the same as craig's, that the baby was stillborn.
my client will testify halpern took the baby away and smothered it.
i wanna start at the crime scene, talk to craig's family and friends.
see if i can get the boy to tell me what really happened.
maybe i'll turn up something to put him in a better light.
if you know anything, if you wanna point me in that direction...
i thought she won the scuffle over who gets mr coffee.
yeah, mr coffee, mrs microwave, all the little pots and pans.
he's taking one for the team or is he just a moron?
he's convinced, even though she made a deal, she won't give him up.
yes, but given the timing of the death, moments after birth, the determination of the office is that the baby was deliberately smothered.
i heard the girl scream and say, "what are you doing, what are you doing?
she was screaming at me but i couldn't really hear what she was saying.
i was standing there holding the baby and she put out her arms and she kept saying, "give it back to me", and i did.
most people would rather watch a movie than read a book.
it's fast, it's easy, and you don't have to worry about your lips moving.
remember, this is a precious, precise, and very, very costly instrument.
it's not the sort of thing one ordinarily lends a teenager.
andy warhol filmed eight hours of a guy sleeping and people thought it was brilliant.
those people changed their minds after they got into twelve step programs.
just promise me that if i start acting, talking, or thinking like quinn, you'll do the right thing.
if you don't respond to drug therapy, i'll authorize electric shock.
we're all ashamed of our pores, but you mustn't be ashamed of your shame.
so, you did the compassionate thing, and look where it got you.
see, we're like artists, and this is how we screw ourselves.
and you, too, can have bouncy hair if you just take the time to bounce from the inside as well.
and he just happened to be having a teeny-weeny little dream about killing her.
i might have been born yesterday, folks, but i wasn't born last night.
you're the man giving representation to the person who murdered my wife.
your honor, i don't believe scott little took the life of your wife.
have you ever thought about slowing down and chewing them up more carefully?
shirley, i know that you and i left on bad terms, but if you have even a modicum of forgiveness in you,
and as missy's attorney, i should be advising her right now.
my hunch is that she doesn't even know you want out.
that post-nup is as tight as your soon-to-be sixth ex-wife's tushy.
shirley, you wrote that post-nup right after you learned that i was sleeping with you while still married with missy.
the last thing that he wants to see here is a plea agreement or some deal that might preempt his 15 minutes.
this is a man who covets, perhaps thrives, on media attention.
he would rather see you convicted, in my belief, than give up the chance of a spectacle that might maximize his profile.
and, scott, this is a case that should be pled out.
now the reason i'm in here telling you all this is because someone needs to, and i suspect that it won't be jeffrey coho.
he will never counsel you to give up his o.j. moment.
and if i think a defendant's interests are being undermined by a narcissistic lawyer's need for publicity...
if you ever so much as look at the defendant again outside of counsel,
i don't need any victims' rights groups picketing outside my condo.
not to mention the fact you obviously have deep psychological issues to accept any date with a 72-year-old man, let alone him.
is it your testimony, miss horowitz, that when two people meet for romantic purposes they are not entitled to judge one another on physical appearance?
that is not my testimony, but he is not allowed to call me a midget in a crowded room full of my peers.
do you make room for the possibility that mr. crane was shaken?
did you ever mention beforehand that you were a little person?
you two spoke over the internet for two weeks, divulging personal, intimate details.
you leave out the fact that you're under 3 feet tall?
were you really damaged by a callous remark from a buffoon?
who are you to say what does or doesn't humiliate me?
the angry, bald little husband, he waits for scott to come over, waits for them to make love, perfect, he comes home, whacks her once on the head, dials 911, hands over the tape.
the angry, bald little husband killed his wife, just like in the movies.
you want to talk to me about the boy, don't you?
well, yes, but first i'd like to talk to you about that night.
that way they could go undetected by suspecting neighbors, but i always knew.
did you see anybody besides scott little go there that night?
i promised myself that i wouldn't lose my composure, and that's exactly what i did.
shirley, how many promises have you kept with yourself when it comes to ivan tiggs?
pay $18,000 here or go to india and have it for free?
does that sound like a real option for a low-income person, mr. jovanka?
the death had nothing to do with malpractice or the quality of care provided.
what about the therapeutic value of having family around during surgery?
i came from a modest background, and this man came in and swept me off my feet.
i entered his world, and i became accustomed to his lifestyle, adjusted.
i'm not going to throw her out to become a loveable street urchin.
i'll make a good settlemen, i'll pay her alimony and do all the good things i always do.
you didn't make that post-nup to, to punish me or to keep me faithful to missy.
you did it to keep me away from you, because you know... that you can't trust yourself with me.
so if i can't join you on cases, i'll just have to oppose you.
or i could just oppose you right now against the wall.
i would have dragged this thing through family court for years and years.
this is just about having a fine rib eye with lovely company.
once,youwere happyto pass by clapping yourhands walking across the grass leaves burstforth from the trees words springfrom yourlips leaves
you linger,the machine starts rushingforth, plunging into the smoke seen from afarit`s abucketupside down
vourpastis alittle similarto mine maybe this is the common past shared by ourgeneration
the dark nighthas given me dark eyes yetl use them to search forlight
aswarm offlies gatherbuzz buzz buzz ameeting is held in the air lookingfora safe landing place, to escape the fly switch
eyes burning redfrom heated debate, a greatplan resolves to land ifpossible on the switch, side by side with the dreaded enemy
gu cheng i like white houses can you drawthis, as a souvenirforme?
this fairytale white house should have three windows one belongs to me one belongs to reimi
i missedyou so much i nearly jumped into the hou hai to catch yourreflection!
gu cheng`s reflection is yourreflection too vourtwo reflections are always overlapping!
one, two, three... vou`re goingto need aresource consent from the council otherwise l`ll have to ask you to reduce the amount of chickens
she says it`s againstthe law to keep more than 12 chickens, ourneighbours have made a complaint
sorry,we don`tknowthe rules l`m sure we can sortit out quite simply one thing is forsure,you chinese are certainlyfond ofyourchickens
she says we seem to like ourchickens alot ves, like we likedthe gang offour
chinafour, chickens vou don`t seem too upset aboutyourchickens vou can keep more than four,you know
lfyouwantto keep more than fourchickens you have to applyto the council to get aresource consent
lthoughtlove was apromise, butl gotnothing only saying i love you, i love you!
l`d like to be able to believe to believe in something, somebody, even alittle!
l`ve heardthat she`s tired ofliving handto mouth, she`s run awaywith michael
she onlyloves a successful gu cheng, not a self-inflicted suffering gu cheng!
voutwo must discuss this, i have to go and pick my son up from school
slowly, so slowlythe world abandons me the sun sinks into the west, leaving me bereft
l`m a dead person who cannotrest iwould do things aliving man does
live like the living do this iron shovel has dugtoo deep
the seabelowit from a distance resembles apond specks of afternoon sun followme
mytime oflife has come to an end all be it alifetime is long buti shalltake abreak in the middle
utilizing the mental energy of human beings is the only remedy available to us until the rupture has been repaired.
and you stand idly by and do nothing while zo'or just grabs people off the street?
but they will eventually move beyond the nde state and enter a condition of permanent irretrievable death.
if that happens and we have not yet located the source of the rupture, we will replace them with the new group of the sleepers.
i'm no philosopher, but i know that i am your mother.
and through worlds and time, through life and death i have missed you, maiya.
but if we think you're in too deep, we're pulling you out.
with your track record that doesn't give me a lot of comfort.
at a time before the taelons came, when her world was perfect.
the most perfect day of her life, the day she married you.
no, i began to steal because you had me busted out of forest park.
and then i realized that there were people out there that actually had more than one pair of shoes, dad.
but your unconscious contains the collective memories of experiences of countless races.
given that, i would say that i'm more real than most.
can you be so certain that i'm not the spirit of ha'gel?
and even is i am a psychic projection, would it hurt to show the image of your father some respect?
here, my son, you can create a heaven where you truly belong.
on earth you were neither man, nor companion, you were something other, at war with yourself and with the world.
we created our fathers here, because they are the strongest influences that we have.
but especially you, liam, because you're struggling to know a father you've never even seen.
i hate to rush you, but we're short on time here.
why to go back to the world of pain when i gonna have...
i thought you said she was in the jungles of peru.
i said she could be in the jungles of peru, or the streets of bangkok, or san francisco, or tippecanoe for that matter.
i expect the same loyalty you gave boone, that's what i expect.
so it's true that zo'or is just randomly pulling innocent citizens off the street and executing them on the spot.
and you stand idly by and do nothing while zo'or just grabs people off the street?
would you prefer that we allow ourselves to revert to our primitive state?
i've been analyzing the taelon scans, both earth-based and galactic for hours.
i can't seem to trace the energy source of the commonality drain...
the rupture is drawing all the subatomic waves created by the commonality.
now, we can replicate the commonality's harmonics, then the subatomic waves that we are creating should be drawn to the source of the rupture.
dad, dad, dad, that was ancient history when i was a kid.
to everyone else but you the color that ever mattered was green.
and then i realized that there were people out there that actually had more than one pair of shoes, dad.
lucky for you i did, otherwise you would've never got into mit.
the music of the human soul, timeless melody in which only the lyrics change.
that part of me i've given you with my undying love.
place where everyone and everything is part of undivided energy continuum.
you being unique in all the universes have the ability to see this, know this, become one with this.
now, if maria beat tony at one-on-one, they would have never fallen in love.
yeah, and tony never would have been killed in that knife fight.
no, mom, we're in a school play about two people who hate each other.
okay, mr. smartmouth... but when you get older, you are going to realize... that it's pretty silly to get upset about losing a game to your girlfriend.
now, if maria beat tony at one-on-one, they would have never fallen in love.
yeah, and tony never would have been killed in that knife fight.
no, mom, we're in a school play about two people who hate each other.
okay, mr. smartmouth... but when you get older, you are going to realize... that it's pretty silly to get upset about losing a game to your girlfriend.
so i gather you and donna are going through a rough patch.
no, mom, we're in a school play about two people who hate each other.
come on, i'm going to teach you how to play basketball.
we got four hours until your bedtime, and we are gonna drill.
you know what would be a good romantic scene in a movie?
that night we had by the reservoir when we went skinny-dipping.
- back home, we don't trust a man who talks too much.
- where i'm from, we don't trust a man who leaves home without a knife, compass and some beef jerky.
- country music is nothing but pick-up trucks, trains and donkeys, okay?
- donkeys... right, okay, why don't you name one song with donkeys in it?
he's written a million letters, tried to put a bullet in her, and you're letting him go.
- i'll have two of my best men parked outside his house, but now, we have nothing that places him at the scene of the shooting.
- well, it just occurred to me that if the song were moved up
a minor third, it might ease the tempo and release the vocal.
- well, you said it was important, and it's only 97 blocks.
- listen, um, you're kind of a country music expert, right?
i mean, i was just thinking of a hot dog from a street vendor.
- oh, no, no, the fecal matter count is far too high, far too high.
- you wouldn't be forgetting about those racketeering charges in memphis now, would you, mister?
- i was in yellow springs once, ohio, sitting across the table from a guy kind of like you.
- the waitress figured that the, um, dead guy was waiting for someone.
- that would be carver dunn, who miraculously slipped through our usually vice-like police dragnet and managed to get to club at 3:35.
- who also miraculously slipped through our usually vice-like police dragnet.
- yes, sir, but we had... or rather, i had become momentarily blinded by the bright lights of the music business.
"there's a house we call love built next door to hate.
and both of them got lawns with a white picket gate.
first thing in the morning, we'll try and patch things up with dwight.
the man loves you in his own way, and as crazy as he makes me, he did write the tune.
- i feel i'm living in a fish bowl, and it's driving me crazy.
- i know, i know, and that's why i'm going to look at all the bookings.
- back home, we don't trust a man who talks too much.
- where i'm from, we don't trust a man who leaves home without a knife, compass and some beef jerky.
- country music is nothing but pick-up trucks, trains and donkeys, okay?
- donkeys... right, okay, why don't you name one song with donkeys in it?
all right, for your own safety, don't go back to your hotel till we get this guy off the street.
- sir, i think ms. jenkins will be safe and comfortable at the canadian consulate.
write some jingles and have the song used in a commercial.
- i'm not going to allow my music to be prostituted like that.
- i'll have two of my best men parked outside his house, but now, we have nothing that places him at the scene of the shooting.
unless we have some solid evidence we can take to the state's attorney's office, there's not much more we can do.
don't call me for supper if you don't mean to feed me
don't tell me you love me with that gun in your hand
- you said you couldn't leave the building, and i have a friend who lives nearby, so i borrowed his kitchen to whip you up...
- so, is this like a prerequisite for being a mountie?
- you wouldn't be forgetting about those racketeering charges in memphis now, would you, mister?
- i was in yellow springs once, ohio, sitting across the table from a guy kind of like you.
unfortunately their attention was largely diverted by a number of women who were performing what i'm told is a form of modern dance.
- the waitress figured that the, um, dead guy was waiting for someone.
that would be carver dunn, who miraculously slipped through our usually vice-like police dragnet and managed to get to club at 3:35.
- sir, according to the reports, everybody who knew the deceased had opportunity.
and that's why you running off like you did today scares me half to death.
- i feel i'm living in a fish bowl, and it's driving me crazy.
we got a piece of tape that puts you in the bar.
- there were a lot of other people in that bar, mister.
- come on, fraser, i'm really laying on the lumber here.
- i realize that, and i apologize, but he is telling the truth.
- somebody call up wilkins and howard and summerling, and sign this act up.
- excuse me, wilkins and howard and summerling, aren't they in the stratenger building?
brilliant work lt's not easy to get a full link up with the computer
what's more, downloading of all files at one go is dangerous
brilliant work lt's not easy to get a full link up with the computer
what's more, downloading of all files at one go is dangerous
so, you've loaded an emulator of that navi into your own brain.
it's dangerous to subject yourself to that much information all at once.
i can't say i didn't know about it, but i don't remember taking part in it.
i get the feeling my freedom cost me dearly, but i don't remember selling my soul cheaply.
there's no guarantee that it'll work, but it could change everything for her.
she may not have the same behavioural disorders as the others.
there are a few technical issues but i'm confident that i can iron them out.
you've put in a lot of time on this, haven't you?
if she comes out of her isolation, it will be helpful to have familiar faces around.
we'll arrange for quarters to be set up in a cargo bay.
sarina's cerebral cortex was enhanced to accelerate the rate at which she can process information.
but her visual and auditory systems can't channel the stimuli into the cortex fast enough.
i need to stimulate the growth of new synapses in her thalamus.
so i have to manipulate neural proteins at a subatomic level.
what's a genetically enhanced girl supposed to do when she wakes up?
point to one of those little specks of light, pack her bag, and go make a life for herself?
so here you are, on your way to one of those little specks of light.
that's what a genetically enhanced girl does when she wakes up.
there's no guarantee that it'll work, but it could change everything for her.
she may not have the same behavioural disorders as the others.
there are a few technical issues but i'm confident that i can iron them out.
you've put in a lot of time on this, haven't you?
if she comes out of her isolation, it will be helpful to have familiar faces around.
we'll arrange for quarters to be set up in a cargo bay.
sarina's cerebral cortex was enhanced to accelerate the rate at which she can process information.
but her visual and auditory systems can't channel the stimuli into the cortex fast enough.
i need to stimulate the growth of new synapses in her thalamus.
so i have to manipulate neural proteins at a subatomic level.
what's a genetically enhanced girl supposed to do when she wakes up?
point to one of those little specks of light, pack her bag, and go make a life for herself?
i hear you've arranged a position for sarina at the corgal research centre.
she's going to work under one of the scientists there, live with his family.
but her visual and auditory systems can't channel the stimuli into the cortex fast enough.
they're out of sync so she can't focus on what's going on.
i was listening when you were telling the nurses about the procedure.
i kept thinking that i wanted to thank you for what you were trying to do for me.
so here you are, on your way to one of those little specks of light.
that's what a genetically enhanced girl does when she wakes up.
but as i heard more and more rumours of this contemporary phenomenon, the myth became a source of great intrigue.
finding the exact location of this man required true detective work.
on this day, we were treated to a feast of prairie dog, cactus wine, and what looked like the meat from a small bird.
his initial unwillingness to talk to us, seems a distant memory.
and it only made sense that people were gonna go back and forth.
so i said, 'if i put a toll-gate between the two, i could make a fortune!
you know, laurent, you seem like an alright guy to me, really.
you know, but i don't like people trying to run my life.
this is the cemetery, we don't keep no rubble around here.
we usually bury the dead naked in a fistful of birch seeds.
it doesn't matter to me, but a dog would be nice.
i want to take you to a place beyond your wildest imagination.
you d better decide if you want to or not we re done.
before i decide tell me if you re gonna give me some on christmas eve you told me.
if you do i bet you ve got a good reason.
i can forget him as fast as i fell in love with him.
only if it s just with you but i won t go inside the stand.
monica, if you want lay down for a minute, while i finish cleaning up.
you think you can fool her giving her half the money for the skates?
you think you can take advantage cause you know she won t stand up to you but she isn t alone.
... you ve taken my heart you ve sticked a thorn inside my heart the rose seller the one i fell in love with i fell in love with you ve taken my heart she took my heart she took all my love
... she took all my love ... now i live for her just for her she s the owner of my love she s the owner of my love the rose seller stole my heart.
you'd better decide if you want to or not we're done.
before i decide tell me if you're gonna give me some on christmas eve you told me.
if you do i bet you ve got a good reason.
i can forget him as fast as i fell in love with him.
only if it's just with you but i won't go inside the stand.
mónica, if you want lay down for a minute, while i finish cleaning up.
what are you going to do with all that cash ?
i'll take you to see christmas lights to the pueblito paisa.
but you know if you're not back by then don't expect to find anything here.
you know what claudia take this shirt as a reminder of our time together.
... would buy a rose from me ... you'll also would give a present to me because.
... you've taken my heart you've stuck a thorn inside my heart the rose seller the one i fell in love with i fell in love with you've taken my heart she took my heart she took all my love
you poison your drink, and then you switch it with the other person's.
no, it's doing the same thing to someone that they did to you.
the team working on the statue in lafayette square kind of over-smoothed it.
they ground the head down to about the size of a softball.
i'm sure she's a little self-conscious and doesn't like to talk about it.
i don't see why's she more self-conscious about that than her toe thumbs.
this afternoon i found him with sleep creases on his face.
the only reason i got out to get a bite today was that he finally promised to buckle down and do some actual work.
speaking of which-- the 'r' fell off and all it says now is k-uger!
k-uger, that sounds like one of those old-time car horns, huh?
no, no, the old switcheroo is you poison your drink and then you switch it with the other person's.
no, it's doing the same thing to someone that they did to you.
the team working on the statue in lafayette square kind of over- smoothed it.
they ground the head down to about the size of a softball.
no, it's doing the same thing to someone that they did to you.
elaine's gonna do the same thing to puddy's radio that the radio did to her.
this afternoon, i found him with sleep creases on his face.
the only reason i got out to get a bite today was that he finally promised to buckle down and do some actual work.
no, no, the old switcheroo is you poison your drink and then you switch it with the other person's.
no, it's doing the same thing to someone that they did to you.
the team working on the statue in lafayette square kind of over- smoothed it.
they ground the head down to about the size of a softball.
too scared to talk? don't show your face here again! bunch of idiots.
so, ma'am, what will we search for today? a giant man?
you here on business? that's right! well, work hard for the company's profit! we will! see you around.
ma'am, he matches the description! what makes you say that? he raised his hand when i called his name.
instead of medical compensation, i want you to buy me a drink.
don't be shy! we're pals, aren't we? but we only just met! come on, buddy! what are you doing to me?
marlon the gunsmith went around from door to door... ...passing out guns he had made himself.
what do you want with him? i wanted him to fix my old heap.
not bad, not bad, not bad, not bad... ...not friggin' bad! cool.
we'll get mr. vash the stampede to attack... ...the armored car, that is.
where'd he go? oh, my god! vash the stampede is here!
he's attacking the armored car! vash the stampede? keep your distance! 'cause this gentleman here is none other than the $ $60 billion man... ...vash the stampede! let him be!
if he gets mad, he'll blow this town sky-high! this is relaxing.
all small town folk should be this accommodating! e-excuse me, mr. vash? i'm meryl stryfe from the bernardelli insurance society.
you have a flat tire! you can't get away in this.
you little... son of a... let go, you... he's unbelievable! do you know what'll happen if you do that?
it's a rusted hunk of crap! you think you'll hit me with that?
! why? why are they doing that? why am i standing here?
here's to all the great folks who saved the town! in your eye! fill 'er up, lady! fill 'er up, miss? better! what is he doing? but all's well that ends well.
total damage to the town: zero! the chief will probably praise us! in the end, the bandit was a fake.
one for beloved parents, one for a beloved daughter... ...two men can only find the answer behind their triggers.
the moment the sentimental bullets were fired at the other... ...the men stood silent and wept.
but he needs to pay the deposit before the month is out.
would be nice to have them almost as neighbors, wouldn't it?
for ester, my little girl who has been such a joy to me.
i hope you are sitting in the salon, in my red chair, when you are reading this, that you have poured yourself a sherry,
and that you have taken off your shoes and put your feet up on the footrest.
you should always sit with your feet high--it helps against varicose veins.
i also hope that you have lighted one of our secret cigarrettes.
except for giving some money to the nursing home that has taken such good care of me, i have left everything to you.
then we can do the things we could never afford otherwise.
and then he loses, and we just get by for a while.
it's tough to come up with moping strategies when everything i'm about is exactly what turned her off.
it's not like i can learn to dance or get a new haircut.
you know, my car was packed, and i really was, jenny.
but then word trickled down, and i thought it might be better to stick around a little longer.
if she's talking on the phone, who is she talking to?
and if she's listening to music who do those songs remind her of?
does it bother you to know that you perpetuate a stereotype?
which answer means we get friendly down in the sand together?
we could be annotating the kama sutra, for all you know.
you know i may be a virgin, but believe me, it's by choice.
at the risk of sounding redundant, what are you doing here?
the boys had to wrap up a few things before we left, so...
i'm taking pacey and your boy on a little road trip.
amidst all the confusion, dawson and i stumbled upon some common ground.
people thinking we're doing the deed is going to help my reputation?
you know how in baseball there are major and minor leagues?
and maybe someone just a tad more sensitive than warren gary.
yeah, well even the sensitive ones can let you down with the best of them.
as far as warren and his fantasies go, what harm can the guy do?
being called a football groupie could describe half the girls here.
i'm gonna go see what the deliverance twins are up to.
need i remind you of the ill-fated toilet- papering of coach roland's house?
but the price they pay seems to be so much less.
you'll be going through some tough times, and i want you prepared.
not that my name in and of itself should impress you but in the hopes that you might tell me your name.
did it occur to you that maybe i'm just not interested?
mrs. tringle wants me to sign up for that "mommy and me" class.
sherman williams, that adventist kid, he offered to marry me today.
and for the first time in three days, i actually don't feel so bad.
so would it impress your friends if you didn't reappear till morning?
according to elise warren had one other significant failure as a boyfriend.
let's just say he had a soft spot for the ladies in a very unfortunate location.
if you had jen's best interests at heart, you'd stay away from her.
do you know those are the same words her dad used when he told me he'd sent her away?
which answer means we get friendly down in the sand together?
if having sex with you would end famine and war and if kissing you would bring enlightenment--
how do you know that he and i haven't been going at it for years?
we could be annotating the kama sutra, for all you know.
i heard something this morning, and i thought that you should--
at the risk of sounding redundant, what are you doing here?
people thinking we're doing the deed is going to help my reputation?
you know how in baseball there are major and minor leagues?
i want to thank you all for helping me prepare for tonight's college fair.
and i'll see you all back here in a couple of hours.
not that my name in and of itself should impress you but in the hopes that you might tell me your name.
did it occur to you that maybe i'm just not interested?
mrs. tringle wants me to sign up for that "mommy and me" class.
sherman williams, that adventist kid, he offered to marry me today.
and for the first time in three days, i actually don't feel so bad.
so would it impress your friends if you didn't reappear till morning?
according to elise warren had one other significant failure as a boyfriend.
let's just say he had a soft spot for the ladies in a very unfortunate location.
you think i don't know why you wanted me to get lucky tonight?
so you could go convince jen that all men are dogs and then assume that she'd seek your comfort.
look i know you're not too thrilled with me, but here's an idea.
one way to get rid of a lie is to make it the truth.
must be a lot easier than just being the object of his infatuation, huh?
although, i doubt that after today either of us will be vying for his affections.
which answer means we get friendly down in the sand together?
if having sex with you would end famine and war and if kissing you would bring enlightenment...
how do you know that he and i haven't been going at it for years?
we could be annotating the kama sutra, for all you know.
i heard something this morning, and i thought that you should...
at the risk of sounding redundant, what are you doing here?
the last thing dawson needs is to be pulled down by you.
he was simply complaining about how a guy can't get any around here.
i want to thank you all for helping me prepare for tonight's college fair.
and i'll see you all back here in a couple of hours.
i want you to know that i understand the absurdity of this moment.
i thought of sending over a drink or saying something clever like:
why did i even listen to you in the first place?
dawson was the first decent guy you ever went out with.
you've been scared because now there's no one else to blame.
and now when dawson treats you like good old understanding joey i'm not gonna be around for you to hate.
hurry up, before i listen to that voice in my head telling me i should card you.
the girl that i told you about i still sort of want her back, and i...
you wanna hold her hand or you want to spend the night together?
some women may say they're looking for a beatle but trust me, they want something a little more tangible.
you think i don't know why you wanted me to get lucky tonight?
so you could go convince jen that all men are dogs and then assume that she'd seek your comfort.
look i know you're not too thrilled with me, but here's an idea.
one way to get rid of a lie is to make it the truth.
must be a lot easier than just being the object of his infatuation, huh?
although, i doubt that after today either of us will be vying for his affections.
here, let me help you with that oh that's good why don't you guys just lie right across the steps ?
pete, look, sarcasm do you have any idea how happy i am that women is finally moving out ?
- meanwhile you steal her t.v. guide every week - oh, like she ever knew
mrs. wexler oh, we're sure gonna miss you yeah, and your oatmeal butter scottshies you're such sweet boys goodbye peter, so long berg
god bless her i guess she'll be yakking it up on sunday night !
you hear that, melissa is telling everyone she's completely out of control
- yeah, we should get someone really great to move in here - you're right what're you doing ?
i'll just set up our own stringing process before anybody even gets to the landlord and how do you propose to do that ?
i still have mrs. wexler spare keys she gave me for emergencies
- and t.v. guides - shut up we'll just, show the apartement ourselves
- sneaky, vaguely unethical, approved - wow wow, pete, pete, what do you think ?
i don't know, i've only been with her for a year why is she doing this to me ?
ok, so basically you want someone who's not gonna bug you someone who travels someone who travels will be huge she probably got her entire kindergarten class cranking up macaroni cards
- a pilot would be great - we should invest everything we have in ranzony
- or even better than a pilot, a stewardess - they're called flight attendants now berg
i apologize, that was sexist no kidding, and i am not about to live next door to some short skirted sky slut hey, let's take a vote pete
- yeah, that's our building - and since when did you two become the landlord ?
since we changed the number on the "for rent" sign to sharon's apartment
- speaking of which, you should check you machine - oh, good idea, i bet dozens of naked women have called by now
look you guys, i'm sure you're gonna find a compromise i mean maybe a deaf mute with a double d cup yummy
i gotta go sweetie, i gotta hit the supply store by 5 monday is paper papier-mâché day you think i don't know that ?
- i can't wait for tomorrow night - yeah, me too
- possibly, if it's a ten cup, but anything smaller well you know ... we're celebrating the moment of our lives hey bill, what did you get el last year for your anniversary ?
oh, i got this picture of us and put it in a frame yeah, it was a picture of me and el walking on the beach at the cap and i took these little sea shells we collected, and i bleached them, polished them, glued them around the frame
even sprinkled glitter on them so they can shimmer like the waves ... what ?
that is so sweet see, why don't you do that ?
- and we're on it started with a little piece of clay i sat behind her at her potter's wheel as it spun and spun the wheel is turning faster and faster, our hands working as one, clay flying everywhere
but then, tragically, i was murdered by an embezzling co-worker my one regret was, i never got to tell her i love her
you just take your little files, and pick the one you want because my opinion obviously doesn't mean anything, it's always about you so just do ... whatever what is wrong with you ?
you're irritable, you're eating like a pig, you got teary eyes last night while watching a t.v. commercial hey, the guy just called to say i love you mom if i didn't know better i would say you're pmsing
oh, sure, just blame it on pms sharon, that is so ... typical
- i found it, i got melissa the perfect gift - good for you
i don't know, that toaster is gonna be a tough act to follow see, she's been complaining about her toaster for a few months, so this just shows her that i'm listening
- yeah, i'm sure that what she's gonna take away from it - look sharon, this gift says everything that i wanted to say what, that you passed sears on your way home ?
- sweetie, i already have keys to your apartment - no you don't, because these are keys to my new apartment apartment d, upstairs can you believe it ?
it's just, it never would've occurred to me if it hasn't been for sharon and berg
how can you medical people go around playing fast and loose with something like ... estrogen ?
well, i'm sorry i lied, but you've gotta help me i'm in a bad way, i'm taping "guiding light" man
- really - yeah, if you too haven't been playing landlord, hanging up flyers all over boston
i wouldn't have a girlfriend for an upstairs neighbor oh, you know, this could be good for you when melissa takes that apartment, you're closer, you spend more time together before you know, you're moving in, and after that, well, people boy
i'll be honored to have your engagement party right here at beacon's street pizza we take prices of course
- my god, he's right - we're not gonna have the party here
- no melissa, this is way ahead of my schedule, she can't move in - why not ?
she meets my requirements she's quiet, she's single jointed nothing to it, i, am holding out for the back-licker
- ok berg, go on - fine i'm just waiting for the right moment and when would that be, my wedding ?
sharon, go, come on, go ah, melissa, look, yeah, i think there's something you wanna know, ahm
i can't get to sleep at night until i blast my stereo really ...
- that's really good - thanks, i love baking you know, cakes, cookies, pies, anything
- oh, just taking hold of the release valve on the disposal
- it's always the first thing to go - you bake and you plumb ?
sure, shower heads, toilets, pete showed me, it's really very simple wow, i'm very impressed, i'll keep the music down
i also know cpr, fire safety and flood control this girl's amazing, she's like super neighbor !
- oh, how many times have we discussed living together ?
- i know, but nothing about next door ok, i thought this at least would be a step, you know
- it's a pretty big step - you bought me a toaster
i thought wow wow, at least he's listening to me you know i mean a gift where it says something and a toaster says, i wanna make breakfast for you i wanna spent my life with you
- i guess sometimes a toaster is just a toaster - oh look melissa, this is silly
i mean think about it, if we weren't having this stupid anniversary, everything would be fine you know, we'd go out to dinner, we'd go the movies, we'd go to carvel it's not enough anymore, a relationship has to keep going
- it's like a shark you know, when a shark stops swimming ...
- it dies, i know and we've stopped swimming ok, which leaves us where ?
i hope you and melissa really gave some thought to how this is gonna affect berg no no no, what am i suppose to do when i see her, around the neighborhood or the pizza place ?
do i like, hide behind a mail box, do i say hello, do i try to trip her ?
you say hi to her you big dummy, when she comes into the pizza place, you treat her like everybody else yeah, you screw up her order and give her the wrong change
- you realize of course this is all of berg's fault ?
- huh, god, her belly button is double jointed - left foot green
- huh, you guys are so losing - and loving it
well, make sure she's not letting hannah eat too much candy or watch too much tv...
but i don't want it to seem like we don't trust her, so make it look work-related.
* you'll be glad you never played with daddy's razor blade
* life is very short when your oven is a fort
and then the nun with the mop kept saying, "move forward, move forward,"
but i thought she said backwards, and i fell down the stairs.
now if you'll excuse me, i have to go sever all ties with my family.
nina, i'm going to ask you to spend a little time with some friends of mine who are going to clear things up for you.
* you'll be glad you never played with daddy's razor blade
* life is very short when your oven is a fort
and then the nun with the mop kept saying, "move forward, move forward,"
but i thought she said backwards, and i fell down the stairs.
why is it that any form of spirituality that strays from conventional religion is automatically labeled a cult?
any leader who dares to teach a deeper truth is branded a lunatic with a messiah complex and anyone who listens is just a pawn under his spell.
a bomb exploded in the army barracks in dharhan, saudi arabia.
it ripped the front off the military dorm, exposing just how vulnerable us troops are.
somebody's flashing a government badge where they're working on the bus.
our tech guys wanna know if we're cooperating with any other agencies.
other than that, i gotta ask you to leave before you contaminate my crime scene.
cia has no charter to operate domestically, which puts you in violation of federal law.
she's got two in the plymouth, at least three inside and see that dog?
he did his business an hour ago and they're still walking.
now, i want you to know right from the start, i'm not the boss.
i don't have the authority to negotiate any deals or to respond to any demands.
look, i know you may not wanna talk to me, but are you willing to listen to me?
whatever grievances you have, whatever quarrels surely it doesn't involve these children.
and what i propose is that you let these people go and i'll take their place.
this way you don't have to worry about pizza deliveries or people running back and forth to the bathroom.
and i guarantee you that the police department, fbi, everybody they'll disappear.
you look out your window, you'll see the helicopters already moving out.
i'm gonna take your silence to mean that you're considering my offer.
i tell you what, why not just let the elderly people go?
we were able to trace this sucker to a, uh, group in ramallah.
that's west bank, not west side for you people just joining us from nebraska.
so now we know he came in three days ago out of frankfurt.
what we need now is to fill in the time between his arrival and the incident.
well, with all due affection for the man he doesn't know fuck all about the mid east or terrorism that i don't write for him.
he is an expert in covering his own ass, if you catch my meaning.
if i don't take them down properly, they're out in two hours.
i don't care if i find semtex, plutonium, dynamite self-lighting charcoal briquettes.
uh, we are following up on as many leads and are confident we're on the right track.
we're all happy that these criminals are off the streets and we can get on with our lives.
i think the fbi deserves special recognition for the speed with which they handled this current crisis.
i would especially like to single out special agent tony hubbard and the men and women of the nypd/fbi joint counter-terrorism task force...
scores of the wealthiest of new york society were killed last night when a bomb ripped through a crowded theatre.
the list of victims is a veritable who's who of the city's cultural leaders.
you can be sure that all of our resources are being brought to bear on the situation.
new york city has been brought to its knees this past week.
if you think i'll let my kids out with this going on, you've got to be crazy.
the senate intelligence committee authorized a panel to investigate the problem.
the worst kind of reaction is a reaction based on fear.
he says if you're on the state department watch list, you cannot get in.
it's established legal doctrine that the army may not be turned against our own people.
even if that's what our own people are asking for, three to one?
we will hunt down the enemy we will find the enemy and we will kill the enemy.
and no card-carrying member of the aclu is more dead set against it than i am.
i'd like to introduce anthony hubbard, my ascac on the ground in brooklyn.
his team was able to take out the first cell within 36 hours of the attack on the 87 bus.
i'm gonna take your boy samir downtown, strap his ass to a polygraph machine and i'm gonna ask him questions about you.
then i'm gonna take those transcripts to a friend of mine at the new york times who writes about the link between the cia and political horror shows.
we've got three bombings in new york city, we've got 600 people dead.
uh, the nypd, the fbi, they don't seem up to it.
you would have to speak to the army to verify those rumors.
and here we have the fbi, having failed to do their job...
as far as the president is concerned, no, we do not have him.
general, did you know that after yesterday's attack half the parents in this country kept their kids out of school.
intelligence tells us that he is most likely arab-speaking, between 14 and 30 narrowing the target to 15,000 suspects.
we can further reduce that number down to those that have been here under six months.
there is nothing more corrosive to the morale of a population than policing its citizens but the enemy would be mistaken if they were to doubt our resolve.
they are face to face with the most fearsome military machine, and i intend to use it and be back on base in time for the play-offs.
what if what they want is for us to herd children into stadiums like we're doing?
and put soldiers on the street and have americans looking over their shoulders?
that's why you were looking for the wiring signatures on that blue bus.
and now they're here doing what you taught them how to do.
... putting them in a stadium, as we did with the japanese.
this is the time for all of us to proclaim our brotherhood with these people.
i don't wanna see another dead body and i know you don't.
and when this is over, i promise you we'll get your boy back.
you put him in prison for preaching the word of god.
so now you have to learn the consequences of trying to tell the world how to live.
you have those rights because of the men that came before you who wore that uniform.
because of these men and women waiting for you to give them the order to fire.
a bomb exploded in the army barracks in dharhan, saudi arabia.
it ripped the front off the military dorm, exposing just how vulnerable us troops are.
our tech guys wanna know if we're cooperating with any other agencies.
she's looking for the wiring signatures of the device and asking for copies of any fingerprints we've managed to lift.
send me an official inter-agency request for cooperation, then i'll give you copies of everything we come up with.
other than that, i gotta ask you to leave before you contaminate my crime scene.
she's got two in the plymouth, at least three inside, and see that dog?
he did his business an hour ago and they're still walking.
whatever grievances you have, whatever quarrels, surely it doesn't involve these children.
i'm asking you, please, would you please let the children go?
this way you don't have to worry about pizza deliveries or people running back and forth to the bathroom.
and i guarantee you that the police department, fbi, everybody, they'll disappear.
you look out your window, you'll see the helicopters already moving out.
i'm gonna take your silence to mean that you're considering my offer.
i tell you what, why notjust let the elderly people go?
these old people have been standing up there for a long time.
the worst terrorist bombing in the united states in the past five years took place on this site earlier today.
beirut came to brooklyn today, when the worst terrorist bombing in the us since oklahoma city killed over 25 people.
i wanna rumble every trap, hole, market, community centre, every organisation that has said a bad word about this country, i wanna know about it.
i want you to turn the heat up under every one of your resources.
what we need now is to fill in the time between his arrival and the incident.
we need all known associations and, most of all, we need an address.
if i don't take them down properly, they're out in two hours.
i don't care if i find semtex, plutonium, dynamite, self-lighting charcoal briquettes.
three men were reported killed today after a shoot-out with the fbi in a quiet neighbourhood in brooklyn.
there are reports of a link between the victims, who were reported to be arab-speaking, and the bombers of bus 87.
scores of the wealthiest of new york society were killed last night when a bomb ripped through a crowded theatre.
the list of victims is a veritable who's who of the city's cultural leaders.
you can be sure that all of our resources are being brought to bear on the situation.
new york city has been brought to its knees this past week.
if you think i'll let my kids out with this going on, you've got to be crazy.
the senate intelligence committee authorised a panel to investigate the problem.
he says if you're on the state department watch list, you cannot get in.
so i say ali waziri was on the watch list and he got in!
we will hunt down the enemy, we will find the enemy and we will kill the enemy.
and no card-carrying member of the aclu is more dead set against it than i am.
i'd like to introduce anthony hubbard, my ascac on the ground in brooklyn.
his team was able to take out the first cell within 36 hours of the attack on the 87 bus.
only when the most dire of circumstances require it, but at what cost?
all eyes now turn to new york city to see if martial law will bring the terror to an end.
today with the invocation of the war powers act by the president, i am declaring a state of martial law in this city.
to the best of our knowledge, we are opposed by no more than 20 of the enemy.
after sundown tonight, any young man fitting the profile i described, who has not cooperated, will be arrested and detained.
there is nothing more corrosive to the morale of a population than policing its citizens, but the enemy would be mistaken if they were to doubt our resolve.
possibly not in the best interests of our nation, but my job does not let me make that distinction.
i won't question your patriotism, but don't ever question my command, understand?
i'm doin' yourjob for you and i damn near get my head blown off!
now i want frank junior out and i wanna see my prisoner
that's why you were looking for the wiring signatures on that blue bus.
and now they're here doing what you taught them how to do.
...putting them in a stadium, as we did with the japanese.
this is the time for all of us to proclaim our brotherhood with these people.
i don't wanna see another dead body and i know you don't.
and when this is over, i promise you we'll get your boy back.
you put him in prison for preaching the word of god.
so now you have to learn the consequences of trying to tell the world how to live.
you have those rights because of the men that came before you who wore that uniform.
because of these men and women waiting for you to give them the order to fire.
a bomb exploded in the army barracks in dharhan, saudi arabia.
it ripped the front off the military dorm, exposing just how vulnerable us troops are.
somebody's flashing a government badge where they're working on the bus.
our tech guys wanna know if we're cooperating with any other agencies.
other than that, i gotta ask you to leave before you contaminate my crime scene.
cia has no charter to operate domestically, which puts you in violation of federal law.
she's got two in the plymouth, at least three inside and see that dog?
he did his business an hour ago and they're still walking.
now, i want you to know right from the start, i'm not the boss.
i don't have the authority to negotiate any deals or to respond to any demands.
look, i know you may not wanna talk to me, but are you willing to listen to me?
whatever grievances you have, whatever quarrels surely it doesn't involve these children.
and what i propose is that you let these people go and i'll take their place.
this way you don't have to worry about pizza deliveries or people running back and forth to the bathroom.
and i guarantee you that the police department, fbi, everybody they'll disappear.
you look out your window, you'll see the helicopters already moving out.
i'm gonna take your silence to mean that you're considering my offer.
i tell you what, why not just let the elderly people go?
we were able to trace this sucker to a, uh, group in ramallah.
that's west bank, not west side for you people just joining us from nebraska.
so now we know he came in three days ago out of frankfurt.
what we need now is to fill in the time between his arrival and the incident.
well, with all due affection for the man he doesn't know fuck all about the mid east or terrorism that i don't write for him.
he is an expert in covering his own ass, if you catch my meaning.
if i don't take them down properly, they're out in two hours.
i don't care if i find semtex, plutonium, dynamite self-lighting charcoal briquettes.
uh, we are following up on as many leads and are confident we're on the right track.
we're all happy that these criminals are off the streets and we can get on with our lives.
i think the fbi deserves special recognition for the speed with which they handled this current crisis.
i would especially like to single out special agent tony hubbard and the men and women of the nypd/fbi joint counter-terrorism task force...
scores of the wealthiest of new york society were killed last night when a bomb ripped through a crowded theatre.
the list of victims is a veritable who's who of the city's cultural leaders.
you can be sure that all of our resources are being brought to bear on the situation.
new york city has been brought to its knees this past week.
if you think i'll let my kids out with this going on, you've got to be crazy.
the senate intelligence committee authorized a panel to investigate the problem.
he says if you're on the state department watch list, you cannot get in.
so i say ali waziri was on the watch list and he got in!
elements of the rapid deployment force, special forces delta, apcs, helicopters, tanks and, of course, the ubiquitous m-16 a-1 assault rifle.
a humble enough weapon until you see it held by a man outside your local 7-eleven.
i remind you, general devereaux does not speak for official army policy.
a police function has become accepted as our role in haiti and somalia.
his team was able to take out the first cell within 36 hours of the attack on the 87 bus.
he's also the man who took out the terrorist in that schoolhouse.
...only when the most dire of circumstances require it, but at what cost?
all eyes now turn to new york city to see if martial law will bring the terror to an end.
today with the invocation of the war powers act by the president, i am declaring a state of martial law in this city.
to the best of our knowledge, we are opposed by no more than 20 of the enemy.
after sundown tonight, any young man fitting the profile i described who has not cooperated, will be arrested and detained.
there is nothing more corrosive to the morale of a population than policing its citizens but the enemy would be mistaken if they were to doubt our resolve.
possibly not in the best interests of our nation but my job does not let me make that distinction.
i won't question your patriotism, but don't ever question my command, understand?
what if what they want is for us to herd children into stadiums like we're doing?
and put soldiers on the street and have americans looking over their shoulders?
that's why you were looking for the wiring signatures on that blue bus.
and now they're here doing what you taught them how to do.
...putting them in a stadium, as we did with the japanese.
this is the time for all of us to proclaim our brotherhood with these people.
i don't wanna see another dead body and i know you don't.
and when this is over, i promise you we'll get your boy back.
you put him in prison for preaching the word of god.
so now you have to learn the consequences of trying to tell the world how to live.
you have those rights because of the men that came before you who wore that uniform.
because of these men and women waiting for you to give them the order to fire.
and marines on duty seem, for the most part, numbed by the horror of the morning bombing.
early indications suggest this to be the work of sheik ahmed bin talal, a radical fundamentalist cleric known to have issued--
somebody's flashing a government badge at the warehouse where they're working on the bus.
our tech guys want to know if we're cooperating with any other agencies.
other than that, i gotta ask you to leave before you contaminate my crime scene any more than you already have.
cia has no charter to operate domestically, which puts you in violation of federal law.
she's got 2 in a plymouth, at least 3 inside, and see that guy walking his dog?
he did his business about an hour ago, and they're still walking.
whatever grievances you have, whatever quarrels, surely it doesn't involve these children.
i'm asking you, please, would you please let the children go?
the worst terrorist bombing in the united states in the past 5 years took place on this site earlier today.
beirut came to brooklyn today when the worst terrorist bombing in the united states since oklahoma city took the lives of more than 25 people--
we got to run it through the lab, see if it matches the metal on the bus.
does the lab stay open till we find out what we're dealing with or what?
we pulled his landing card and his i-94, so now we know he came in 3 days ago out of frankfurt.
what we need now is to fill in the time between his arrival and the time of the incident.
the funeral shroud is the final step in the ritual of self-purification.
first, a fast, then-- the washing of the body, then the shroud, right.
if i don't take them down properly, they hit the streets in 2 hours.
i don't care if i find semtex, plutonium, dynamite, self-lighting charcoal briquettes-- without the right warrant, they walk, you understand?
uh, we are presently following up on as many leads, and, uh, we're confident that we're on the right track.
i think we're all happy that these criminals are off the streets, and we can all get on with our lives.
scores of the wealthiest and brightest of new york society were killed last night when a bomb ripped through a crowded theater.
the list of victims is a veritable who's who of the city's cultural leaders.
you can be sure that all of our considerable resources are being brought to bear on the situation.
new york city has been brought to its knees by the events of the past week.
if you think i'm gonna let my kids out there with all this stuff going on, you have got to be crazy.
the senate intelligence committee today authorized a special panel to investigate the current situation in new york city.
he says if you're on the state department terrorist watch list, you cannot get into the country.
so i say ali waziri was on the watch list, and he got in.
one of the moms was carrying a gun, wounds the guy as he's planting the device.
he kills her, then he locks them all on the roof.
let's assume for a moment that the order has been given.
12 hours after the president gives the order, we can be on the ground.
a.p.c.s., helicopters, tanks, and, of course, the ubiquitous m-16a1 assault rifle.
a humble enough weapon until you see it in the hands of a man outside your local bowling alley or 7-11.
it will be noisy, it will be scary, and it will not be mistaken for a vfw parade.
i remind you, general devereaux does not speak for official army policy.
we will hunt down the enemy, we will find the enemy, and we will kill the enemy.
and no card-carrying member of the aclu is more dead set against it than i am, which is why i urge you...
most importantly, you can't fight a war against an enemy you can't see.
i think if we exercise patience, restraint, allow our men and women up in new york to do their job...
hey, hub, they managed to get a partial vin number off the van.
dmv says it was reported stolen the day before... in brooklyn?
how many people have to die before we do bring the army...
u.s. government troops are not trained to police their own population.
only when the most dire of circumstances require it, but at what cost?
all eyes now turn to new york city to see if martial law will bring the terror to an end.
today, with the invocation of the war powers act by the president,
i am declaring a state of martial law in this city.
intelligence tells us that he is most likely arab-speaking, between the age of 14 and 30-- narrowing the target to 15,000 suspects.
we can further reduce that number down to those that have been in this country less than 6 months.
unfortunately for you, you can only hide there, and that population, in the classic immigration pattern, is concentrated right here in brooklyn.
we intend to seal off this borough, then we intend to squeeze it.
this is the land of opportunity, gentlemen-- the opportunity to turn yourselves in.
after sundown tonight, any young man fitting the profile i described who is not cooperating will be arrested and detained.
there is historically nothing more corrosive to the morale of a population than policing its own citizens, but the enemy would be sadly mistaken if they were to doubt our resolve.
they are now face-to-face with the most fearsome military machine in the history of man, and i intend to use it and be back on base in time for the playoffs.
my profession does not allow me to make that kind of distinction.
i won't question your patriotism, but don't you ever again question my command.
i'm doing your job for you, and i damn near get my head blown off for it.
now i want frank jr. out, and i want to see my prisoner tariq husseini.
how much longer, do you think, before he gives up the other cells?
he can't give up the other cells if he doesn't know where they are.
that's why you were looking for the wiring signatures on that blue bus.
and now they're here... doing what you taught them how to do.
this is the time for all of us to proclaim our brotherhood with these people.
the jewish community opposes the military to take back in a peaceful fashion our democracy from the people...
i don't want to see another dead body, and i know you don't.
and when this is over, i promise you-- we'll get your boy back.
first you left me there in iraq like a piece of shit!
and then you take our leader, a holy man-- you put him in prison for preaching the word of god!
you have the right not to be tortured, not to be murdered, rights that you took away from tariq husseini!
you have those rights because of the men that came before you who wore that uniform.
somebody's flashing a government badge... at the warehouse where they're working on the bus.
our tech guys want to know if we're cooperating... with any other agencies.
other than that, i gotta ask you to leave... before you contaminate my crime scene any more than you have.
cla has no charter to operate domestically... which puts you in violation of federal law.
i want you to know right from the start i'm not the boss.
i don't have the authority to negotiate any deals... or to respond to any demands.
look, i know you may not want to talk to me... but are you willing to listen to me?
whatever grievances you have, whatever quarrels... surely it doesn't involve these children.
and what i propose... is that you let these people go, and i'll take their place.
this way, you don't have to worry about pizza deliveries... or people running back and forth to the bathroom... anything like that.
the worst terrorist bombing... in the united states in the past five years... took place on this site earlier today.
beirut came to brooklyn today... when the worst terrorist bombing in the united states... since oklahoma city took the lives of 25 people...
we were able to trace this sucker to a group in ram allah.
that's west bank, not west side... for all you people just joining us from nebraska.
what we need now is to fill in the time between his arrival... and the time of the incident.
we need all known associations... and most of all, we need an address.
so i guess you didn't come up here just for a cup of coffee.
with all due respect, i think we're on the right track.
just because you went to night school... or filled out a matchbook to get a law degree... doesn't make you sir thomas more.
and just because you checked my files... doesn't make you an expert on me.
if i don't take them down properly... they hit the streets in two hours.
i don't care if i find semtex, plutonium, dynamite... self-lighting charcoal briquettes... without the right warrant, they walk, you understand?
three men were reported killed today... after a shootout with the fbi... in a quiet neighborhood in brooklyn.
there are unconfirmed reports of a link... between the victims, who are reported to be arab-speaking... and the bombers of bus 87.
scores of the wealthiest and brightest... of new york society were killed last night... when a bomb ripped through a crowded theater.
the list of victims is a veritable who's who... of the city's cultural leaders.
you can be sure that all of our considerable resources... are being brought to bear on the situation.
new york city has been brought to its knees... by the events of the past week.
he says if you're on the state department list... you cannot get into the country.
so i say ali waziri was on the watch list, and he got in.
a humble weapon until you see it in the hands of a man... outside your local bowling alley or 7-11.
it will be noisy, it will be scary... and it will not be mistaken for a vfw parade.
we will hunt down the enemy... we will find the enemy... and we will kill the enemy.
and no card-carrying member of the aclu... is more dead set against it than i am... which is why i urge you...
you can't fight a war against an enemy you can't see.
i think if we exercise patience, restraint... allow our men and women up in new york to do their job...
i'm going to strap his ass to a polygraph machine... and i'm going to ask him questions about you.
then i'm going to take those transcripts... to a friend of mine at the new york times... who just loves stories... about the link between the cla and political horror shows.
you would have to speak to the army to verify that.
here we have the fbi having failed to do their job...
the fact it's inside our borders only means a new kind of war.
the towel heads do this shit in their country... and now they're bringing it here.
...only when the most dire circumstances require it... but at what cost?
all eyes now turn to new york city... to see if martial law will bring the terror to an end.
intelligence tells us he is most likely arab-speaking... between the age of 14 and 30... narrowing the target to 15,000 suspects.
we can further reduce that number down to those... that have been in this country less than six months.
unfortunately for you, you can only hide there... and that population... in a classic immigration pattern... is concentrated right here in brooklyn.
we intend to seal off this borough... then we intend to squeeze it.
this is the land of opportunity, gentlemen... the opportunity to turn yourselves in.
after sundown tonight... any young man fitting the profile i described... who has not cooperated will be arrested and detained.
there is historically nothing more corrosive... to the morale of a population than policing its citizens... but the enemy would be sadly mistaken... if they were to doubt our resolve.
they are face-to-face with the most fearsome military... in the history of man, and i intend to use it... and be back on base in time for the playoffs.
that's why you were looking for the wiring signatures... on that blue bus.
and now they're here... doing what you taught them how to do.
putting them in a stadium... as we did with the japanese.
this is the time for all of us to proclaim... our brotherhood with these people.
american arabs are a vulnerable... visible population, and they have no power.
critics say this is a racist decision... and the government would not dare do this to any other...
and then you take our leader, a holy man... you put him in prison for preaching the word of god!
so now you have to learn the consequences... of trying to tell the world how to live.
forgive us our trespasses... as we forgive those who trespass against us and lead us...
lead us not into temptation... but deliver us... from evil... for thine is the kingdom...
you have those rights... because of the men that came before you... who wore that uniform.
because of the men and women standing here... waiting for you to give them the order to fire.
our tech guys want to know ifwe're cooperating with any other agencies.
she's looking for the wiring signatures for the device and asking for copies ofany fingerprints we've managed to lift.
and what i propose... is thatyou let these people go... and i'll take their place.
this wayyou don't have to worry about pizza deliveries or people running back and forth to the bathroom or anything like that.
we pulled his landing card and his i-94, so now we know he came in 3 days ago out of frankfurt.
what we need now is to fill in the time between his arrival and the time ofthe incident.
and then some sheik came and tell him that... to die forallah is beautiful.
and ifhe does this thing, our parents will be taken care of, and he will live on in paradise with 70 virgins.
ifi don't take them down properly, they hit the streets in 2 hours.
i don't care ifi find symtex, plutonium, dynamite, self-lighting charcoal briquettes-- without the right warrant, theywalk, you understand?
the list ofvictims is a veritable who's who ofthe city's cultural leaders.
you can be sure that all of our considerable resources are being brought to bear on the situation.
he says ifyou're on the state department terrorist watch list, you cannot get into the country.
so i sayali waziri was on the watch list, and he got in.
a humble enough weapon until you see it in the hands ofa man outsideyour local bowling alley or 7-1 1 .
it will be noisy, it will be scary, and it will not be mistaken for a vfw parade.
i remind you, general devereaux does not speak for official army policy.
a police function has become accepted as our role in haiti and somalia.
his team was able to take out the first cell within 36 hours ofthe attack on the 87 bus.
he's also the man who took out the terrorist in that schoolhouse.
at the most, we believe, there are 3, possibly 4 cells.
well, then how much longer before we can take out the last cell?
how many people have to die before we do bring the army...
u.s. government troops are not trained to police their own population.
as far as the president is concerned, no, we do not have him.
general, did you know that afteryesterday's attack halfthe parents in this country kept their kids out ofschool?
ifyou are one ofthese 20 young men, you can hide among a population ofsimilar ethnic background.
unfortunately foryou, you can only hide there, and that population, in the classic immigration pattern, is concentrated right here in brooklyn.
we intend to seal off this borough, then we intend to squeeze it.
this is the land ofopportunity, gentlemen-- the opportunity to turn yourselves in.
after sundown tonight, anyyoung man fitting the profile i described who is not cooperating will be arrested and detained.
there is historically nothing more corrosive to the morale ofa population than policing its own citizens, but the enemywould be sadly mistaken iftheywere to doubt our resolve.
i'm here serving my president and quite possibly not in the best interest ofour nation.
my profession does not allow me to make that kind ofdistinction.
what if what they reallywant is for us to herd children into stadiums like we're doing?
and put soldiers on the street and--and have americans looking over their shoulders?
this is the time for all ofus to proclaim our brotherhood with these people.
thejewish community opposes the military to take back in a peaceful fashion our democracy from the people...
american arabs are a vulnerable, visible population, and they have no power.
critics say this is a racist decision, and the government would not dare do this to any other--
i don't want to see another dead body, and i knowyou don't.
and when this is over, i promiseyou-- we'll getyour boy back.
you have those rights because ofthe men that came beforeyou who wore that uniform.
because of the men and women that are here waiting for the order to fire.
the us military presence abroad was rocked today when a bomb exploded...
a bomb exploded in the army barracks in dharhan, saudi arabia.
and if that is the case, like all americans, i am outraged by it.
the cowards who committed this murderous act must not go unpunished.
somebody's flashing a government badge where they're working on the bus.
our tech guys wanna know if we're cooperating with any other agencies.
other than that, i gotta ask you to leave before you contaminate my crime scene.
cia has no charter to operate domestically, which puts you in violation of federal law.
now, i want you to know right from the start, i'm not the boss.
i don't have the authority to negotiate any deals or to respond to any demands.
look, i know you may not wanna talk to me, but are you willing to listen to me?
whatever grievances you have, whatever quarrels, surely it doesn't involve these children.
and what i propose is that you let these people go and i'll take their place.
this way you don't have to worry about pizza deliveries or people running back and forth to the bathroom.
and i guarantee you that the police department, fbi, everybody, they'll disappear.
you look out your window, you'll see the helicopters already moving out.
i'm gonna take your silence to mean that you're considering my offer.
i tell you what, why not just let the elderly people go?
we were able to trace this sucker to a, uh, group in ramallah.
that's west bank, not west side, for you people just joining us from nebraska.
so now we know he came in three days ago out of frankfurt.
what we need now is to fill in the time between his arrival and the incident.
well, with all due affection for the man, he doesn't know fuck all about the mid-east or terrorism that i don't write for him.
he is an expert in covering his own ass, if you catch my meaning.
three men were reported killed today after a shoot-out with the fbi in a quiet neighbourhood in brooklyn.
there are reports of a link between the victims, who were reported to be arab-speaking, and the bombers of bus 87.
scores of the wealthiest of new york society were killed last night when a bomb ripped through a crowded theatre.
the list of victims is a veritable who's who of the city's cultural leaders.
you can be sure that all of our resources are being brought to bear on the situation.
new york city has been brought to its knees this past week.
if you think i'll let my kids out with this going on, you've got to be crazy.
the senate intelligence committee authorised a panel to investigate the problem.
he says if you're on the state department watch list, you cannot get in.
so i say ali waziri was on the watch list and he got in!
we will hunt down the enemy, we will find the enemy and we will kill the enemy.
and no card-carrying member of the aclu is more dead set against it than i am.
i'd like to introduce anthony hubbard, my ascac on the ground in brooklyn.
his team was able to take out the first cell within 36 hours of the attack on the 87 bus.
only when the most dire of circumstances require it, but at what cost?
all eyes now turn to new york city to see if martial law will bring the terror to an end.
today with the invocation of the war powers act by the president, i am declaring a state of martial law in this city.
to the best of our knowledge, we are opposed by no more than 20 of the enemy.
after sundown tonight, any young man fitting the profile i described, who has not cooperated, will be arrested and detained.
there is nothing more corrosive to the morale of a population than policing its citizens, but the enemy would be mistaken if they were to doubt our resolve.
possibly not in the best interests of our nation, but my job does not let me make that distinction.
i won't question your patriotism, but don't ever question my command, understand?
what if what they want is for us to herd children into stadiums like we're doing?
and put soldiers on the street and have americans looking over their shoulders?
the president is in conference with the mayor, the governor and the attorney general of new york.
...putting them in a stadium, as we did with the japanese.
this is the time for all of us to proclaim our brotherhood with these people.
...the military to take back, in a peaceful fashion, our democracy from the people...
you have those rights because of the men that came before you who wore that uniform.
because of these men and women waiting for you to give them the order to fire.
a bomb exploded in the army barracks in dharhan, saudi arabia.
it ripped the front off the military dorm, exposing just how vulnerable us troops are.
our tech guys wanna know if we're cooperating with any other agencies.
she's looking for the wiring signatures of the device and asking for copies of any fingerprints we've managed to lift.
send me an official inter-agency request for cooperation, then i'll give you copies of everything we come up with.
other than that, i gotta ask you to leave before you contaminate my crime scene.
she's got two in the plymouth, at least three inside, and see that dog?
he did his business an hour ago and they're still walking.
whatever grievances you have, whatever quarrels, surely it doesn't involve these children.
i'm asking you, please, would you please let the children go?
this way you don't have to worry about pizza deliveries or people running back and forth to the bathroom.
and i guarantee you that the police department, fbi, everybody, they'll disappear.
you look out your window, you'll see the helicopters already moving out.
i'm gonna take your silence to mean that you're considering my offer.
i tell you what, why not just let the elderly people go?
these old people have been standing up there for a long time.
the worst terrorist bombing in the united states in the past five years took place on this site earlier today.
beirut came to brooklyn today, when the worst terrorist bombing in the us since oklahoma city killed over 25 people.
i wanna rumble every trap, hole, market, community centre, every organisation that has said a bad word about this country, i wanna know about it.
i want you to turn the heat up under every one of your resources.
what we need now is to fill in the time between his arrival and the incident.
we need all known associations and, most of all, we need an address.
if i don't take them down properly, they're out in two hours.
i don't care if i find semtex, plutonium, dynamite, self-lighting charcoal briquettes.
and i'm sorry the cold war's over and all you little cia types got no work in afghanistan, russia,
iran or whatever the hell it is, but this ain't the middle east.
uh, we are following up on as many leads and are confident we're on the right track.
we're all happy that these criminals are off the streets and we can get on with our lives.
i think the fbi deserves special recognition for the speed with which they handled this current crisis.
i would especially like to single out special agent tony hubbard and the men and women of the nypdfbi joint counter-terrorism task force...
the list of victims is a veritable who's who of the city's cultural leaders.
you can be sure that all of our resources are being brought to bear on the situation.
the worst kind of reaction is a reaction based on fear.
he says if you're on the state department watch list, you cannot get in.
delta, apcs, helicopters, tanks, and, of course, the ubiquitous m-16 a-1 assault rifle.
a humble enough weapon until you see it held by a man outside your local 7-eleven.
i remind you, general devereaux does not speak for official army policy.
a police function has become accepted as our role in haiti and somalia.
his team was able to take out the first cell within 36 hours of the attack on the 87 bus.
he's also the man who took out the terrorist in that schoolhouse.
i'm gonna take your boy samir downtown, strap his ass to a polygraph machine, and i'm gonna ask him questions about you.
then i'm gonna take those transcripts to a friend of mine at the new york times, who writes about the link between the cia and political horror shows.
we've got three bombings in new york city, we've got 600 people dead.
uh, the nypd, the fbi, they don't seem up to it.
you would have to speak to the army to verify those rumours.
and here we have the fbi, having failed to do their job...
as far as the president is concerned, no, we do not have him.
general, did you know that after yesterday's attack, half the parents in this country kept their kids out of school.
intelligence tells us that he is most likely arab-speaking, between 14 and 30, narrowing the target to 15,000 suspects.
we can further reduce that number down to those that have been here under six months.
there is nothing more corrosive to the morale of a population than policing its citizens, but the enemy would be mistaken if they were to doubt our resolve.
they are face to face with the most fearsome military machine, and i intend to use it and be back on base in time for the play-offs.
i'm doin' your job for you and i damn near get my head blown off!
now i want frank junior out and i wanna see my prisoner
that's why you were looking for the wiring signatures on that blue bus.
and now they're here doing what you taught them how to do.
...putting them in a stadium, as we did with the japanese.
this is the time for all of us to proclaim our brotherhood with these people.
i don't wanna see another dead body and i know you don't.
and when this is over, i promise you we'll get your boy back.
you put him in prison for preaching the word of god.
so now you have to learn the consequences of trying to tell the world how to live.
because of these men and women waiting for you to give them the order to fire.
do you think that i would hesitate to kill you, if it was in the best interests of my country?
our tech guys want to know if we're cooperating... with any other agencies.
she's looking for the device's wiring signatures... and copies of any fingerprints we've managed to lift.
send me an official interagency request for cooperation... then i'll give you copies of everything we come up with.
other than that, i gotta ask you to leave... before you contaminate my crime scene any more than you have.
she's got two in a plymouth, at least three inside... and see that guy walking his dog?
he did his business about an hour ago... and they're still walking.
whatever grievances you have, whatever quarrels... surely it doesn't involve these children.
i'm asking you, please... would you please let the children go?
ladies and gentlemen... meet the late ali waziri... one of the bombers of bus 87.
we were able to trace this sucker to a group in ram allah.
we pulled his landing card and his i-94... so now we know he came in 3 days ago out of frankfurt.
what we need now is to fill in the time between his arrival... and the time of the incident.
he's your asset, he's your joe... he's working for you, you're his case officer, right?
sometimes, in addition to being a nationality... being a palestinian is a profession... a very lucrative one.
and then some sheik came and tell him that... to die for allah is beautiful.
if he does this thing, our parents will be taken care of... and he will live on in paradise with seventy virgins.
well, with all due affection for the man... the president doesn't know fuck-all... about the mideast or terrorism that i don't write on his cards.
he's an expert in covering his ass, if you get my meaning.
we are presently following up on as many leads... and we're confident that we're on the right track.
i think we're all happy these criminals are off the streets... and we can all get on with our lives.
i think the fbi deserves special recognition... for the speed with which they handled this current crisis.
i'd like to single out special agent tony hubbard... and the men and women of the nypd, fbi...
the list of victims is a veritable who's who... of the city's cultural leaders.
you can be sure that all of our considerable resources... are being brought to bear on the situation.
if you think i'm gonna let my kids out there... with all this stuff going on, you have gotto be crazy.
the senate intelligence committee... today authorized a special panel... to investigate the current situation in new york city.
the worst kind of reaction is a reaction based on fear.
he says if you're on the state department list... you cannot get into the country.
apcs, helicopters, tanks... and, of course, the ubiquitous m-16a-1 assault rifle.
a humble weapon until you see it in the hands of a man... outside your local bowling alley or 7-11.
his team was able to take out the first cell... within 36 hours of the attack on the 87 bus.
he's also the man who took out the terrorist in that school.
the towel heads do this shit in their country... and now they're bringing it here.
people must understand the word "arab"... is not synonymous with the word "terrorist."
as far as the president is concerned... no, we do not have him.
general, did you know that after yesterday's attack... half the parents in this country kept their kids out of school?
i am declaring a state of martial law in this city.
to the best of our knowledge... we are opposed by no more than 20 of the enemy.
if you are one of these 20 young men... you can hide among a population of similar ethnic background.
unfortunately for you, you can only hide there... and that population... in a classic immigration pattern... is concentrated right here in brooklyn.
we intend to seal off this borough... then we intend to squeeze it.
this is the land of opportunity, gentlemen... the opportunity to turn yourselves in.
after sundown tonight... any young man fitting the profile i described... who has not cooperated will be arrested and detained.
there is historically nothing more corrosive... to the morale of a population than policing its citizens... but the enemy would be sadly mistaken... if they were to doubt our resolve.
i'm doing your job for you... and i damn near get my head blown off for it.
now i want frank jr. out... and i want to see my prisoner tariq husseini.
the president is in close conference... with the mayor of new york... the governor of new york... and the attorney general of new york... and i can assure you...
putting them in a stadium... as we did with the japanese.
this is the time for all of us to proclaim... our brotherhood with these people.
the jewish community cannot the military to take back... in a peaceful fashion, our democracy...
i don't want to see another dead body... and i know you don't.
and when this is over, i promise you... we'll get your boy back.
you left me there in iraq like a piece of shit!
and then you take our leader, a holy man... you put him in prison for preaching the word of god!
you have the right not to be tortured... not to be murdered... rights that you took away from tariq husseini!
you have those rights... because of the men that came before you... who wore that uniform.
because of the men and women standing here... waiting for you to give them the order to fire.
do you think that i would hesitate to kill you... or every other federal agent in this room... if it was in the best interest of my country?
ripped the front off the 8-story military dorm, exposing just how vulnerable u.s. troops are here.
and marines on duty seem, for the most part, numbed by the horror of the morning bombing.
somebody's flashing a government badge at the warehouse where they're working on the bus.
our tech guys want to know if we're cooperating with any other agencies.
other than that, i gotta ask you to leave before you contaminate my crime scene any more than you already have.
cia has no charter to operate domestically, which puts you in violation of federal law.
she's got 2 in a plymouth, at least 3 inside, and see that guy walking his dog?
he did his business about an hour ago, and they're still walking.
and what i propose... is that you let these people go... and i'll take their place.
this way you don't have to worry about pizza deliveries or people running back and forth to the bathroom or anything like that.
this is a plasmagram of the semtex used in bus 87.
as you can see, the signature's identical to that used in the army barracks.
we got to run it through the lab, see if it matches the metal on the bus.
does the lab stay open till we find out what we're dealing with or what?
we pulled his landing card and his i-94, so now we know he came in 3 days ago out of frankfurt.
what we need now is to fill in the time between his arrival and the time of the incident.
i'm gonna go have a little chat with our new friend.
i thought one phone call and you were out of here.
and then some sheik came and tell him that... to die for allah is beautiful.
and if he does this thing, our parents will be taken care of, and he will live on in paradise with 70 virgins.
well, with all due affection for the man, the president doesn't know fuck-all about the mideast or terrorism that i don't write on his cue cards.
he is an expert in covering his own ass, ifyou catch my meaning.
as long as you're sure you're not chasing your tail here.
so what can you tell me about the sheik ahmed bin talal?
uh, we are presently following up on as many leads, and, uh, we're confident that we're on the right track.
i think we're all happy that these criminals are off the streets, and we can all get on with our lives.
scores of the wealthiest and brightest of new york society were killed last night when a bomb ripped through a crowded theater.
the list ofvictims is a veritable who's who of the city's cultural leaders.
what about a military presence at j fk and la guardia?
i don't think we're there yet, and i don't think it's gonna stop these criminals.
one of the moms was carrying a gun, wounds the guy as he's planting the device.
he kills her, then he locks them all in the room.
let's assume for a moment that the order has been given.
12 hours after the president gives the order, we can be on the ground.
a humble enough weapon until you see it in the hands of a man outside your local bowling alley or 7-11.
it will be noisy, it will be scary, and it will not be mistaken for a vfw parade.
i remind you, general devereaux does not speak for official army policy.
a police function has become accepted as our role in haiti and somalia.
his team was able to take out the first cell within 36 hours of the attack on the 87 bus.
he's also the man who took out the terrorist in that schoolhouse.
at the most, we believe, there are 3, possibly 4 cells.
well, then how much longer before we can take out the last cell?
how many people have to die before we do bring the army...
u.s. government troops are not trained to police their own population.
as far as the president is concerned, no, we do not have him.
general, did you know that after yesterday's attack half the parents in this country kept their kids out of school?
the senate remained in emergency session late into the night debating the president's call for martial law.
we have, in this country, a tradition of invoking martial law...
i am declaring a state of martial law on this city.
to the best of our knowledge, we are opposed by no more than 20 of the enemy.
unfortunately for you, you can only hide there, and that population, in the classic immigration pattern, is concentrated right here in brooklyn.
we intend to seal off this borough, then we intend to squeeze it.
after sundown tonight, any young man fitting the profile i described who is not cooperating will be arrested and detained.
there is historically nothing more corrosive to the morale of a population than policing its own citizens, but the enemy would be sadly mistaken if they were to doubt our resolve.
my profession does not allow me to make that kind of distinction.
i won't question your patriotism, but don't you ever again question my command.
i'm doing yourjob for you, and i damn near get my head blown off for it.
now i want frankjr. out, and i want to see my prisoner tariq husseini.
what if what they really want is for us to herd children into stadiums like we're doing?
and put soldiers on the street and—and have americans looking over their shoulders?
that's why you were looking for the wiring signatures on that blue bus.
and now they're here... doing what you taught them how to do.
this is the time for all of us to proclaim our brotherhood with these people.
the jewish community opposes the military to take back in a peaceful fashion our democracy from the people...
american arabs are a vulnerable, visible population, and they have no power.
critics say this is a racist decision, and the government would not dare do this to any other-
you put him in prison for preaching the word of god!
so now you have to learn the consequences of trying to tell to the world how to live.
you have those rights because of the men that came before you who wore that uniform.
because of the men and women that are here waiting for the order to fire.
the us military presence abroad was rocked today when a bomb exploded...
a bomb exploded in the army barracks in dharhan, saudi arabia.
and if that is the case, like all americans, i am outraged by it.
the cowards who committed this murderous act must not go unpunished.
our tech guys wanna know if we're cooperating with any other agencies.
she's looking for the wiring signatures of the device and asking for copies of any fingerprints we've managed to lift.
send me an official inter-agency request for cooperation then i'll give you copies of everything we come up with.
other than that, i gotta ask you to leave before you contaminate my crime scene.
whatever grievances you have, whatever quarrels surely it doesn't involve these children.
i'm asking you, please would you please let the children go?
this way you don't have to worry about pizza deliveries or people running back and forth to the bathroom.
and i guarantee you that the police department, fbi, everybody they'll disappear.
you look out your window, you'll see the helicopters already moving out.
i'm gonna take your silence to mean that you're considering my offer.
i tell you what, why not just let the elderly people go?
these old people have been standing up there for a long time.
the worst terrorist bombing in the united states in the past five years took place on this site earlier today.
beirut came to brooklyn today when the worst terrorist bombing in the us since oklahoma city killed over 25 people.
i wanna rumble every trap, hole, market, community centre every organization that has said a bad word about this country, i wanna know about it.
i want you to turn the heat up under every one of your resources.
what we need now is to fill in the time between his arrival and the incident.
we need all known associations and, most of all, we need an address.
and then some sheik came and tell him that to die for allah is beautiful.
and if he does this thing, our parents will be taken care of and he will live on in paradise with 70 virgins.
three men were reported killed today after a shoot-out with the fbi in a quiet neighborhood in brooklyn.
there are reports of a link between the victims who were reported to be arab-speaking, and the bombers of bus 87.
the list of victims is a veritable who's who of the city's cultural leaders.
you can be sure that all of our resources are being brought to bear on the situation.
he says if you're on the state department watch list, you cannot get in.
so i say ali waziri was on the watch list and he got in!
elements of the rapid deployment force, special forces delta, apcs, helicopters, tanks and, of course, the ubiquitous m-16 a-1 assault rifle.
a humble enough weapon until you see it held by a man outside your local 7-eleven.
i remind you, general devereaux does not speak for official army policy.
a police function has become accepted as our role in haiti and somalia.
his team was able to take out the first cell within 36 hours of the attack on the 87 bus.
he's also the man who took out the terrorist in that schoolhouse.
... only when the most dire of circumstances require it, but at what cost?
all eyes now turn to new york city to see if martial law will bring the terror to an end.
today with the invocation of the war powers act by the president, i am declaring a state of martial law in this city.
to the best of our knowledge, we are opposed by no more than 20 of the enemy.
after sundown tonight, any young man fitting the profile i described who has not cooperated, will be arrested and detained.
there is nothing more corrosive to the morale of a population than policing its citizens but the enemy would be mistaken if they were to doubt our resolve.
possibly not in the best interests of our nation but my job does not let me make that distinction.
i won't question your patriotism, but don't ever question my command, understand?
i'm doin' your job for you and i damn near get my head blown off!
now i want frank junior out and i wanna see my prisoner
the president is in conference with the mayor, the governor and the attorney general of new york.
... putting them in a stadium, as we did with the japanese.
this is the time for all of us to proclaim our brotherhood with these people.
... the military to take back, in a peaceful fashion our democracy from the people...
because of these men and women waiting for you to give them the order to fire.
do you think that i would hesitate to kill you, if it was in the best interests of my country?
the us military presence abroad was rocked today when a bomb exploded...
a bomb exploded in the army barracks in dharhan, saudi arabia.
and if that is the case, like all americans, i am outraged by it.
the cowards who committed this murderous act must not go unpunished.
our tech guys wanna know if we're cooperating with any other agencies.
(man) she's looking for the wiring signatures of the device and asking for copies of any fingerprints we've managed to lift.
other than that, i gotta ask you to leave before you contaminate my crime scene.
cia has no charter to operate domestically, which puts you in violation of federal law.
she's got two in the plymouth, at least three inside and see that dog?
he did his business an hour ago and they're still walking.
now, i want you to know right from the start, i'm not the boss.
i don't have the authority to negotiate any deals or to respond to any demands.
look, i know you may not wanna talk to me, but are you willing to listen to me?
whatever grievances you have, whatever quarrels surely it doesn't involve these children.
and what i propose is that you let these people go and i'll take their place.
this way you don't have to worry about pizza deliveries or people running back and forth to the bathroom.
you look out your window, you'll see the helicopters already moving out.
i'm gonna take your silence to mean that you're considering my offer.
i tell you what, why not just let the elderly people go?
these old people have been standing up there for a long time.
what we need now is to fill in the time between his arrival and the incident.
we need all known associations and, most of all, we need an address.
and my brother... (chuckles) ...he need to believe it very much.
so he straps 10 sticks of dynamite to his chest and he went to the movie.
well, with all due affection for the man he doesn't know fuck all about the mid east or terrorism that i don't write for him.
he is an expert in covering his own ass, if you catch my meaning.
uh, we are following up on as many leads and are confident we're on the right track.
we're all happy that these criminals are off the streets and we can get on with our lives.
the list of victims is a veritable who's who of the city's cultural leaders.
you can be sure that all of our resources are being brought to bear on the situation.
he says if you're on the state department watch list, you cannot get in.
so i say ali waziri was on the watch list and he got in!
elements of the rapid deployment force, special forces delta, apcs, helicopters, tanks and, of course, the ubiquitous m-16 a-1 assault rifle.
a humble enough weapon until you see it held by a man outside your local 7-eleven.
i remind you, general devereaux does not speak for official army policy.
a police function has become accepted as our role in haiti and somalia.
his team was able to take out the first cell within 36 hours of the attack on the 87 bus.
he's also the man who took out the terrorist in that schoolhouse.
i'm gonna take your boy samir downtown, strap his ass to a polygraph machine and i'm gonna ask him questions about you.
then i'm gonna take those transcripts to a friend of mine at the new york times who writes about the link between the cia and political horror shows.
(woman) and here we have the fbi, having failed to do their job... (devereaux) this is an attack, a time of war.
the fact it's inside our borders means it's a new kind of war.
as far as the president is concerned, no, we do not have him.
general, did you know that after yesterday's attack half the parents in this country kept their kids out of school.
... only when the most dire of circumstances require it, but at what cost?
all eyes now turn to new york city to see if martial law will bring the terror to an end.
today with the invocation of the war powers act by the president, i am declaring a state of martial law in this city.
to the best of our knowledge, we are opposed by no more than 20 of the enemy.
after sundown tonight, any young man fitting the profile i described who has not cooperated, will be arrested and detained.
there is nothing more corrosive to the morale of a population than policing its citizens but the enemy would be mistaken if they were to doubt our resolve.
possibly not in the best interests of our nation but my job does not let me make that distinction.
i won't question your patriotism, but don't ever question my command, understand?
i'm doin' your job for you and i damn near get my head blown off!
now i want frank junior out and i wanna see my prisoner
what if what they want is for us to herd children into stadiums like we're doing?
and put soldiers on the street and have americans looking over their shoulders?
that's why you were looking for the wiring signatures on that blue bus.
and now they're here doing what you taught them how to do.
... putting them in a stadium, as we did with the japanese.
this is the time for all of us to proclaim our brotherhood with these people.
... the military to take back, in a peaceful fashion our democracy from the people... (woman) the people of brooklyn will not be held hostage!
join community and religious leaders in a march to protest the mass... (man) well, what if it was black people?
i don't wanna see another dead body and i know you don't.
and when this is over, i promise you we'll get your boy back.
you put him in prison for preaching the word of god.
so now you have to learn the consequences of trying to tell the world how to live.
you have those rights because of the men that came before you who wore that uniform.
because of these men and women waiting for you to give them the order to fire.
and marines on duty seem, for the most part, numbed by the horror of the morning bombing.
early indications suggest this to be the work of sheik ahmed bin talal, a radical fundamentalist cleric known to have issued-
somebody's flashing a government badge at the warehouse where they're working on the bus.
our tech guys want to know if we're cooperating with any other agencies.
other than that, i gotta ask you to leave before you contaminate my crime scene any more than you already have.
cia has no charter to operate domestically, which puts you in violation of federal law.
she's got 2 in a plymouth, at least 3 inside, and see that guy walking his dog?
he did his business about an hour ago, and they're still walking.
whatever grievances you have, whatever quarrels, surely it doesn't involve these children.
i'm asking you, please, would you please let the children go?
the worst terrorist bombing in the united states in the past 5 years took place on this site earlier today.
beirut came to brooklyn today when the worst terrorist bombing in the united states since oklahoma city took the lives of more than 25 people-
we got to run it through the lab, see if it matches the metal on the bus.
does the lab stay open till we find out what we're dealing with or what?
we were able to trace this sucker to a, uh... group in ramallah.
that's west bank, not west side, for all you people just joining us from nebraska.
what we need now is to fill in the time between his arrival and the time of the incident.
we need all known associations, and most of all, we need an address.
i'm gonna go have a little chat with our new friend.
i thought one phone call and you were out of here.
hey, danny, find me a judge who'll play ball with me this time and set up a polygraph for samir.
you know, i still don't understand why we're tipping our hand with him.
he's your asset, he's your joe, he's working for you, you're his case officer, right?
uh, sometimes, in addition to being a nationality, being a palestinian is a profession, a very lucrative one.
and then some sheik came and tell him that... to die for allah is beautiful.
and if he does this thing, our parents will be taken care of, and he will live on in paradise with 70 virgins.
well, with all due affection for the man, the president doesn't know fuck-all about the mideast or terrorism that i don't write on his cue cards.
he is an expert in covering his own ass, if you catch my meaning.
as long as you're sure you're not chasing your tail here.
so what can you tell me about the sheik ahmed bin talal?
3 men were reported killed today after a shootout with the fbi in a quiet neighborhood in brooklyn.
already there are unconfirmed reports of a link between the victims, who are reported to be arab-speaking, and the bombers of bus 87.
scores of the wealthiest and brightest of new york society were killed last night when a bomb ripped through a crowded theater.
the list of victims is a veritable who's who of the city's cultural leaders.
you can be sure that all of our considerable resources are being brought to bear on the situation.
new york city has been brought to its knees by the events of the past week.
if you think i'm gonna let my kids out there with all this stuff going on, you have got to be crazy.
the senate intelligence committee today authorized a special panel to investigate the current situation in new york city.
he says if you're on the state department terrorist watch list, you cannot get into the country.
so i say ali waziri was on the watch list, and he got in.
one of the moms was carrying a gun, wounds the guy as he's planting the device.
he kills her, then he locks them all on the roof.
let's assume for a moment that the order has been given.
12 hours after the president gives the order, we can be on the ground.
a.p.c.s, helicopters, tanks, and, of course, the ubiquitous m-16 a-1 assault rifle.
a humble enough weapon until you see it in the hands of a man outside your local bowling alley or 7-11.
it will be noisy, it will be scary, and it will not be mistaken for a vfw parade.
i remind you, general devereaux does not speak for official army policy.
we will hunt down the enemy, we will find the enemy, and we will kill the enemy.
and no card-carrying member of the aclu is more dead set against it than i am, which is why i urge you...
most importantly, you can't fight a war against an enemy you can't see.
i think if we exercise patience, restraint, allow our men and women up in new york to do their job...
hey, hub, they managed to get a partial vin number off the van.
dmv says it was reported stolen the day before... in brooklyn?
how many people have to die before we do bring the army...
u.s. government troops are not trained to police their own population.
only when the most dire of circumstances require it, but at what cost?
all eyes now turn to new york city to see if martial law will bring the terror to an end.
today, with the invocation of the war powers act by the president,
i am declaring a state of martial law in this city.
intelligence tells us that he is most likely arab-speaking, between the age of 14 and 30- narrowing the target to 15,000 suspects.
we can further reduce that number down to those that have been in this country less than 6 months.
unfortunately for you, you can only hide there, and that population, in the classic immigration pattern, is concentrated right here in brooklyn.
we intend to seal off this borough, then we intend to squeeze it.
this is the land of opportunity, gentlemen- the opportunity to turn yourselves in.
after sundown tonight, any young man fitting the profile i described who is not cooperating will be arrested and detained.
there is historically nothing more corrosive to the morale of a population than policing its own citizens, but the enemy would be sadly mistaken if they were to doubt our resolve.
they are now face-to-face with the most fearsome military machine in the history of man, and i intend to use it and be back on base in time for the playoffs.
my profession does not allow me to make that kind of distinction.
i won't question your patriotism, but don't you ever again question my command.
what if what they really want is for us to herd children into stadiums like we're doing?
and put soldiers on the street and-and have americans looking over their shoulders?
that's why you were looking for the wiring signatures on that blue bus.
and now they're here... doing what you taught them how to do.
this is the time for all of us to proclaim our brotherhood with these people.
the jewish community opposes the military to take back in a peaceful fashion our democracy from the people...
i don't want to see another dead body, and i know you don't.
and when this is over, i promise you- we'll get your boy back.
and then you take our leader, a holy man- you put him in prison for preaching the word of god!
so now you have to learn the consequences of trying to tell to the world how to live.
you have those rights because of the men that came before you who wore that uniform.
because of the men and women that are here waiting for the order to fire.
the us military presence abroad was rocked today when a bomb exploded...
a bomb exploded in the army barracks in dharhan, saudi arabia.
and if that is the case, like all americans, i am outraged by it.
the cowards who committed this murderous act must not go unpunished.
our tech guys wanna know if we're cooperating with any other agencies.
she's looking for the wiring signatures of the device and asking for copies of any fingerprints we've managed to lift.
send me an official inter-agency request for cooperation then i'll give you copies of everything we come up with.
other than that, i gotta ask you to leave before you contaminate my crime scene.
whatever grievances you have, whatever quarrels surely it doesn't involve these children.
i'm asking you, please would you please let the children go?
this way you don't have to worry about pizza deliveries or people running back and forth to the bathroom.
and i guarantee you that the police department, fbi, everybody they'll disappear.
you look out your window, you'll see the helicopters already moving out.
i'm gonna take your silence to mean that you're considering my offer.
i tell you what, why not just let the elderly people go?
these old people have been standing up there for a long time.
the worst terrorist bombing in the united states in the past five years took place on this site earlier today.
beirut came to brooklyn today when the worst terrorist bombing in the us since oklahoma city killed over 25 people.
i wanna rumble every trap, hole, market, community centre every organization that has said a bad word about this country, i wanna know about it.
i want you to turn the heat up under every one of your resources.
what we need now is to fill in the time between his arrival and the incident.
we need all known associations and, most of all, we need an address.
and then some sheik came and tell him that to die for allah is beautiful.
and if he does this thing, our parents will be taken care of and he will live on in paradise with 70 virgins.
three men were reported killed today after a shoot-out with the fbi in a quiet neighborhood in brooklyn.
there are reports of a link between the victims who were reported to be arab-speaking, and the bombers of bus 87.
the list of victims is a veritable who's who of the city's cultural leaders.
you can be sure that all of our resources are being brought to bear on the situation.
he says if you're on the state department watch list, you cannot get in.
so i say ali waziri was on the watch list and he got in!
elements of the rapid deployment force, special forces delta, apcs, helicopters, tanks and, of course, the ubiquitous m-16 a-1 assault rifle.
a humble enough weapon until you see it held by a man outside your local 7-eleven.
i remind you, general devereaux does not speak for official army policy.
a police function has become accepted as our role in haiti and somalia.
his team was able to take out the first cell within 36 hours of the attack on the 87 bus.
he's also the man who took out the terrorist in that schoolhouse.
... only when the most dire of circumstances require it, but at what cost?
all eyes now turn to new york city to see if martial law will bring the terror to an end.
today with the invocation of the war powers act by the president, i am declaring a state of martial law in this city.
to the best of our knowledge, we are opposed by no more than 20 of the enemy.
after sundown tonight, any young man fitting the profile i described who has not cooperated, will be arrested and detained.
there is nothing more corrosive to the morale of a population than policing its citizens but the enemy would be mistaken if they were to doubt our resolve.
possibly not in the best interests of our nation but my job does not let me make that distinction.
i won't question your patriotism, but don't ever question my command, understand?
i'm doin' your job for you and i damn near get my head blown off!
now i want frank junior out and i wanna see my prisoner
the president is in conference with the mayor, the governor and the attorney general of new york.
... putting them in a stadium, as we did with the japanese.
this is the time for all of us to proclaim our brotherhood with these people.
... the military to take back, in a peaceful fashion our democracy from the people...
because of these men and women waiting for you to give them the order to fire.
do you think that i would hesitate to kill you, if it was in the best interests of my country?
the us military presence abroad was rocked today when a bomb exploded...
a bomb exploded in the army barracks in dharhan, saudi arabia.
and if that is the case, like all americans, i am outraged by it.
the cowards who committed this murderous act must not go unpunished.
our tech guys wanna know if we're cooperating with any other agencies.
(man) she's looking for the wiring signatures of the device and asking for copies of any fingerprints we've managed to lift.
other than that, i gotta ask you to leave before you contaminate my crime scene.
cia has no charter to operate domestically, which puts you in violation of federal law.
she's got two in the plymouth, at least three inside and see that dog?
he did his business an hour ago and they're still walking.
now, i want you to know right from the start, i'm not the boss.
i don't have the authority to negotiate any deals or to respond to any demands.
look, i know you may not wanna talk to me, but are you willing to listen to me?
whatever grievances you have, whatever quarrels surely it doesn't involve these children.
and what i propose is that you let these people go and i'll take their place.
this way you don't have to worry about pizza deliveries or people running back and forth to the bathroom.
you look out your window, you'll see the helicopters already moving out.
i'm gonna take your silence to mean that you're considering my offer.
i tell you what, why not just let the elderly people go?
these old people have been standing up there for a long time.
what we need now is to fill in the time between his arrival and the incident.
we need all known associations and, most of all, we need an address.
and my brother... (chuckles) ...he need to believe it very much.
so he straps 10 sticks of dynamite to his chest and he went to the movie.
well, with all due affection for the man he doesn't know fuck all about the mid east or terrorism that i don't write for him.
he is an expert in covering his own ass, if you catch my meaning.
uh, we are following up on as many leads and are confident we're on the right track.
we're all happy that these criminals are off the streets and we can get on with our lives.
the list of victims is a veritable who's who of the city's cultural leaders.
you can be sure that all of our resources are being brought to bear on the situation.
he says if you're on the state department watch list, you cannot get in.
so i say ali waziri was on the watch list and he got in!
elements of the rapid deployment force, special forces delta, apcs, helicopters, tanks and, of course, the ubiquitous m-16 a-1 assault rifle.
a humble enough weapon until you see it held by a man outside your local 7-eleven.
i remind you, general devereaux does not speak for official army policy.
a police function has become accepted as our role in haiti and somalia.
his team was able to take out the first cell within 36 hours of the attack on the 87 bus.
he's also the man who took out the terrorist in that schoolhouse.
i'm gonna take your boy samir downtown, strap his ass to a polygraph machine and i'm gonna ask him questions about you.
then i'm gonna take those transcripts to a friend of mine at the new york times who writes about the link between the cia and political horror shows.
(woman) and here we have the fbi, having failed to do their job... (devereaux) this is an attack, a time of war.
the fact it's inside our borders means it's a new kind of war.
as far as the president is concerned, no, we do not have him.
general, did you know that after yesterday's attack half the parents in this country kept their kids out of school.
... only when the most dire of circumstances require it, but at what cost?
all eyes now turn to new york city to see if martial law will bring the terror to an end.
today with the invocation of the war powers act by the president, i am declaring a state of martial law in this city.
to the best of our knowledge, we are opposed by no more than 20 of the enemy.
after sundown tonight, any young man fitting the profile i described who has not cooperated, will be arrested and detained.
there is nothing more corrosive to the morale of a population than policing its citizens but the enemy would be mistaken if they were to doubt our resolve.
possibly not in the best interests of our nation but my job does not let me make that distinction.
i won't question your patriotism, but don't ever question my command, understand?
i'm doin' your job for you and i damn near get my head blown off!
now i want frank junior out and i wanna see my prisoner
what if what they want is for us to herd children into stadiums like we're doing?
and put soldiers on the street and have americans looking over their shoulders?
that's why you were looking for the wiring signatures on that blue bus.
and now they're here doing what you taught them how to do.
... putting them in a stadium, as we did with the japanese.
this is the time for all of us to proclaim our brotherhood with these people.
... the military to take back, in a peaceful fashion our democracy from the people... (woman) the people of brooklyn will not be held hostage!
join community and religious leaders in a march to protest the mass... (man) well, what if it was black people?
i don't wanna see another dead body and i know you don't.
and when this is over, i promise you we'll get your boy back.
you put him in prison for preaching the word of god.
so now you have to learn the consequences of trying to tell the world how to live.
you have those rights because of the men that came before you who wore that uniform.
because of these men and women waiting for you to give them the order to fire.
our tech guys want to know if we're cooperating with any other agencies.
she's looking for the wiring signatures for the device and asking for copies of any fingerprints we've managed to lift.
you look out your window now, you'll see the helicopters are already moving out.
i'm gonna take your silence to mean that you're considering my offer.
no group has yet stepped forward to take responsibility for the blast.
authorities are refusing to comment other than to say that the investigation is already well under way.
what we need now is to fill in the time between his arrival and the time of the incident.
we need all known associations, and most of all, we need an address.
hey, danny, find me a judge who'll play ball with me this time and set up a polygraph for samir.
you know, i still don't understand why we're tipping our hand with him.
if i don't take them down properly, they hit the streets in 2 hours.
i don't care if i find semtex, plutonium, dynamite, self-lighting charcoal briquettes—
the list ofvictims is a veritable who's who of the city's cultural leaders.
you can be sure that all of our considerable resources are being brought to bear on the situation.
he says ifyou're on the state department terrorist watch list, you cannot get into the country.
so i say ali waziri was on the watch list, and he got in.
a.p.c.s, helicopters, tanks, and, of course, the ubiquitous m-16 a-1 assault rifle.
a humble enough weapon until you see it in the hands of a man outside your local bowling alley or 7-11.
it will be noisy, it will be scary, and it will not be mistaken for a vfw parade.
i remind you, general devereaux does not speak for official army policy.
we will hunt down the enemy, we will find the enemy, and we will kill the enemy.
and no card-carrying member of the aclu is more dead set against it than i am, which is why i urge you...
most importantly, you can't fight a war against an enemy you can't see.
i think ifwe exercise patience, restraint, allow our men and women up in new york to do theirjob...
only when the most dire of circumstances require it, but at what cost?
all eyes now turn to new york city to see if martial law will bring the terror to an end.
today, with the invocation of the war powers act by the president,
i am declaring a state of martial law on this city.
ifyou are one of these 20 young men, you can hide among a population of similar ethnic background.
unfortunately for you, you can only hide there, and that population, in the classic immigration pattern, is concentrated right here in brooklyn.
there is historically nothing more corrosive to the morale of a population than policing its own citizens, but the enemy would be sadly mistaken if they were to doubt our resolve.
they are now face-to-face with the most fearsome military machine in the history of man, and i intend to use it and be back on base in time for the play-offs.
i'm here serving my president and quite possibly not in the best interest of our nation.
my profession does not allow me to make that kind of distinction.
how much longer, do you think, before he gives up the other cells?
he can't give up the other cells if he doesn't know where they are.
you have the right not to be tortured, not to be murdered, rights that you took away from tariq h usseini!
you have those rights because of the men that came before you who wore that uniform.
a bomb exploded in the army barracks in dharhan, saudi arabia.
it ripped the front off the military dorm, exposing just how vulnerable us troops are.
our tech guys wanna know if we're cooperating with any other agencies.
she's looking for the wiring signatures of the device and asking for copies of any fingerprints we've managed to lift.
send me an official inter-agency request for cooperation, then i'll give you copies of everything we come up with.
other than that, i gotta ask you to leave before you contaminate my crime scene.
she's got two in the plymouth, at least three inside, and see that dog?
he did his business an hour ago and they're still walking.
whatever grievances you have, whatever quarrels, surely it doesn't involve these children.
i'm asking you, please, would you please let the children go?
this way you don't have to worry about pizza deliveries or people running back and forth to the bathroom.
and i guarantee you that the police department, fbi, everybody, they'll disappear.
you look out your window, you'll see the helicopters already moving out.
i'm gonna take your silence to mean that you're considering my offer.
i tell you what, why notjust let the elderly people go?
these old people have been standing up there for a long time.
the worst terrorist bombing in the united states in the past five years took place on this site earlier today.
beirut came to brooklyn today, when the worst terrorist bombing in the us since oklahoma city killed over 25 people.
i wanna rumble every trap, hole, market, community centre, every organisation that has said a bad word about this country, i wanna know about it.
i want you to turn the heat up under every one of your resources.
what we need now is to fill in the time between his arrival and the incident.
we need all known associations and, most of all, we need an address.
if i don't take them down properly, they're out in two hours.
i don't care if i find semtex, plutonium, dynamite, self-lighting charcoal briquettes.
and i'm sorry the cold war's over and all you little cia types got no work in afghanistan, russia,
iran or whatever the hell it is, but this ain't the middle east.
uh, we are following up on as many leads and are confident we're on the right track.
we're all happy that these criminals are off the streets and we can get on with our lives.
i think the fbi deserves special recognition for the speed with which they handled this current crisis.
i would especially like to single out special agent tony hubbard and the men and women of the nypdfbi joint counter-terrorism task force...
the list of victims is a veritable who's who of the city's cultural leaders.
you can be sure that all of our resources are being brought to bear on the situation.
the worst kind of reaction is a reaction based on fear.
he says if you're on the state department watch list, you cannot get in.
delta, apcs, helicopters, tanks, and, of course, the ubiquitous m-16 a-1 assault rifle.
a humble enough weapon until you see it held by a man outside your local 7-eleven.
i remind you, general devereaux does not speak for official army policy.
a police function has become accepted as our role in haiti and somalia.
"that's exactly why you're the only man for the job. "
i'd like to introduce anthony hubbard, my ascac on the ground in brooklyn.
his team was able to take out the first cell within 36 hours of the attack on the 87 bus.
he's also the man who took out the terrorist in that schoolhouse.
i'm gonna take your boy samir downtown, strap his ass to a polygraph machine, and i'm gonna ask him questions about you.
then i'm gonna take those transcripts to a friend of mine at the new york times, who writes about the link between the cia and political horror shows.
we've got three bombings in new york city, we've got 600 people dead.
uh, the nypd, the fbi, they don't seem up to it.
you would have to speak to the army to verify those rumours.
and here we have the fbi, having failed to do their job...
as far as the president is concerned, no, we do not have him.
general, did you know that after yesterday's attack, half the parents in this country kept their kids out of school.
intelligence tells us that he is most likely arab-speaking, between 14 and 30, narrowing the target to 15,000 suspects.
we can further reduce that number down to those that have been here under six months.
there is nothing more corrosive to the morale of a population than policing its citizens, but the enemy would be mistaken if they were to doubt our resolve.
they are face to face with the most fearsome military machine, and i intend to use it and be back on base in time for the play-offs.
i'm doin' yourjob for you and i damn near get my head blown off!
now i want frank junior out and i wanna see my prisoner
that's why you were looking for the wiring signatures on that blue bus.
and now they're here doing what you taught them how to do.
...putting them in a stadium, as we did with the japanese.
this is the time for all of us to proclaim our brotherhood with these people.
i don't wanna see another dead body and i know you don't.
and when this is over, i promise you we'll get your boy back.
you put him in prison for preaching the word of god.
so now you have to learn the consequences of trying to tell the world how to live.
because of these men and women waiting for you to give them the order to fire.
do you think that i would hesitate to kill you, if it was in the best interests of my country?
elements of the rapid deployment force, special forces delta, apcs, helicopters, tanks and, of course, the ubiquitous m-16 a-1 assault rifle.
a humble enough weapon until you see it held by a man outside your local 7-eleven.
i remind you, general devereaux does not speak for official army policy.
a police function has become accepted as our role in haiti and somalia.
his team was able to take out the first cell within 36 hours of the attack on the 87 bus.
he's also the man who took out the terrorist in that schoolhouse.
... only when the most dire of circumstances require it, but at what cost?
all eyes now turn to new york city to see if martial law will bring the terror to an end.
today with the invocation of the war powers act by the president, i am declaring a state of martial law in this city.
to the best of our knowledge, we are opposed by no more than 20 of the enemy.
after sundown tonight, any young man fitting the profile i described who has not cooperated, will be arrested and detained.
there is nothing more corrosive to the morale of a population than policing its citizens but the enemy would be mistaken if they were to doubt our resolve.
possibly not in the best interests of our nation but my job does not let me make that distinction.
i won't question your patriotism, but don't ever question my command, understand?
i'm doin' your job for you and i damn near get my head blown off!
now i want frank junior out and i wanna see my prisoner
the president is in conference with the mayor, the governor and the attorney general of new york.
... putting them in a stadium, as we did with the japanese.
this is the time for all of us to proclaim our brotherhood with these people.
... the military to take back, in a peaceful fashion our democracy from the people...
because of these men and women waiting for you to give them the order to fire.
do you think that i would hesitate to kill you, if it was in the best interests of my country?
the us military presence abroad was rocked today when a bomb exploded...
a bomb exploded in the army barracks in dharhan, saudi arabia.
and if that is the case, like all americans, i am outraged by it.
the cowards who committed this murderous act must not go unpunished.
somebody's flashing a government badge where they're working on the bus.
our tech guys wanna know if we're cooperating with any other agencies.
other than that, i gotta ask you to leave before you contaminate my crime scene.
cia has no charter to operate domestically, which puts you in violation of federal law.
now, i want you to know right from the start, i'm not the boss.
i don't have the authority to negotiate any deals or to respond to any demands.
look, i know you may not wanna talk to me, but are you willing to listen to me?
whatever grievances you have, whatever quarrels, surely it doesn't involve these children.
and what i propose is that you let these people go and i'll take their place.
this way you don't have to worry about pizza deliveries or people running back and forth to the bathroom.
and i guarantee you that the police department, fbi, everybody, they'll disappear.
you look out your window, you'll see the helicopters already moving out.
i'm gonna take your silence to mean that you're considering my offer.
i tell you what, why notjust let the elderly people go?
we were able to trace this sucker to a, uh, group in ramallah.
that's west bank, not west side, for you people justjoining us from nebraska.
so now we know he came in three days ago out of frankfurt.
what we need now is to fill in the time between his arrival and the incident.
well, with all due affection for the man, he doesn't know fuck all about the mid east or terrorism that i don't write for him.
he is an expert in covering his own ass, if you catch my meaning.
three men were reported killed today after a shoot-out with the fbi in a quiet neighbourhood in brooklyn.
there are reports of a link between the victims, who were reported to be arab-speaking, and the bombers of bus 87.
scores of the wealthiest of new york society were killed last night when a bomb ripped through a crowded theatre.
the list of victims is a veritable who's who of the city's cultural leaders.
you can be sure that all of our resources are being brought to bear on the situation.
new york city has been brought to its knees this past week.
if you think i'll let my kids out with this going on, you've got to be crazy.
the senate intelligence committee authorised a panel to investigate the problem.
he says if you're on the state department watch list, you cannot get in.
so i say ali waziri was on the watch list and he got in!
we will hunt down the enemy, we will find the enemy and we will kill the enemy.
and no card-carrying member of the aclu is more dead set against it than i am.
i'd like to introduce anthony hubbard, my ascac on the ground in brooklyn.
his team was able to take out the first cell within 36 hours of the attack on the 87 bus.
only when the most dire of circumstances require it, but at what cost?
all eyes now turn to new york city to see if martial law will bring the terror to an end.
today with the invocation of the war powers act by the president, i am declaring a state of martial law in this city.
to the best of our knowledge, we are opposed by no more than 20 of the enemy.
after sundown tonight, any young man fitting the profile i described, who has not cooperated, will be arrested and detained.
there is nothing more corrosive to the morale of a population than policing its citizens, but the enemy would be mistaken if they were to doubt our resolve.
possibly not in the best interests of our nation, but my job does not let me make that distinction.
i won't question your patriotism, but don't ever question my command, understand?
what if what they want is for us to herd children into stadiums like we're doing?
and put soldiers on the street and have americans looking over their shoulders?
the president is in conference with the mayor, the governor and the attorney general of new york.
...putting them in a stadium, as we did with the japanese.
this is the time for all of us to proclaim our brotherhood with these people.
...the military to take back, in a peaceful fashion, our democracy from the people...
you have those rights because of the men that came before you who wore that uniform.
because of these men and women waiting for you to give them the order to fire.
and if that is the case, like all americans, i am outraged by it.
the cowards who committed this murderous act must not go unpunished.
somebody's flashing a government badge where they're working on the bus.
our tech guys wanna know if we're cooperating with any other agencies.
other than that, i gotta ask you to leave before you contaminate my crime scene.
cia has no charter to operate domestically, which puts you in violation of federal law.
now, i want you to know right from the start, i'm not the boss.
i don't have the authority to negotiate any deals or to respond to any demands.
look, i know you may not wanna talk to me, but are you willing to listen to me?
whatever grievances you have, whatever quarrels, surely it doesn't involve these children.
and what i propose is that you let these people go and i'll take their place.
this way you don't have to worry about pizza deliveries or people running back and forth to the bathroom.
and i guarantee you that the police department, fbi, everybody, they'll disappear.
you look out your window, you'll see the helicopters already moving out.
i'm gonna take your silence to mean that you're considering my offer.
i tell you what, why not just let the elderly people go?
we were able to trace this sucker to a, uh, group in ramallah.
that's west bank, not west side, for you people just joining us from nebraska.
so now we know he came in three days ago out of frankfurt.
what we need now is to fill in the time between his arrival and the incident.
well, with all due affection for the man, he doesn't know fuck all about the mid east or terrorism that i don't write for him.
he is an expert in covering his own ass, if you catch my meaning.
uh, we are following up on as many leads and are confident we're on the right track.
we're all happy that these criminals are off the streets and we can get on with our lives.
i think the fbi deserves special recognition for the speed with which they handled this current crisis.
i would especially like to single out special agent tony hubbard and the men and women of the nypd/fbi joint counter-terrorism task force...
scores of the wealthiest of new york society were killed last night when a bomb ripped through a crowded theater.
the list of victims is a veritable who's who of the city's cultural leaders.
you can be sure that all of our resources are being brought to bear on the situation.
new york city has been brought to its knees this past week.
if you think i'll let my kids out with this going on, you've got to be crazy.
the senate intelligence committee authorized a panel to investigate the problem.
he says if you're on the state department watch list, you cannot get in.
so i say ali waziri was on the watch list and he got in!
we will hunt down the enemy, we will find the enemy and we will kill the enemy.
and no card-carrying member of the aclu is more dead set against it than i am.
i'd like to introduce anthony hubbard, my ascac on the ground in brooklyn.
his team was able to take out the first cell within 36 hours of the attack on the 87 bus.
only when the most dire of circumstances require it, but at what cost?
all eyes now turn to new york city to see if martial law will bring the terror to an end.
today with the invocation of the war powers act by the president, i am declaring a state of martial law in this city.
to the best of our knowledge, we are opposed by no more than 20 of the enemy.
after sundown tonight, any young man fitting the profile i described, who has not cooperated, will be arrested and detained.
there is nothing more corrosive to the morale of a population than policing its citizens, but the enemy would be mistaken if they were to doubt our resolve.
possibly not in the best interests of our nation, but my job does not let me make that distinction.
i won't question your patriotism, but don't ever question my command, understand?
i'm doin' your job for you and i damn near get my head blown off!
now i want frank junior out and i wanna see my prisoner
that's why you were looking for the wiring signatures on that blue bus.
and now they're here doing what you taught them how to do.
..putting them in a stadium, as we did with the japanese.
this is the time for all of us to proclaim our brotherhood with these people.
i don't wanna see another dead body and i know you don't.
and when this is over, i promise you we'll get your boy back.
you put him in prison for preaching the word of god.
so now you have to learn the consequences of trying to tell the world how to live.
you have those rights because of the men that came before you who wore that uniform.
because of these men and women waiting for you to give them the order to fire.
i read somewhere that this brentano's is the place to meet girls in new york.
first it was the health club, then the supermarket, now the bookstore.
now, you three have been hand-picked out of possibly dozens who applied.
now, what we're looking for are motivated hard-working, homeless gentlemen, like yourselves, to pull rickshaws.
plus, i gave him phone numbers of places he could score near the hotel.
look, mr. peterman the fact is, is that i was planning on breaking up with zach anyway.
i read somewhere that this brentano's is the place to meet girls in new york.
first it was the health club, then the supermarket, now the bookstore.
now, you three have been hand-picked out of possibly dozens that applied.
now, what we're looking for are motivated, hard-working, homeless gentlemen like yourselves to pull rickshaws.
filled his head with pseudoerotic tales of my own opium excursions.
plus i have him some phone numbers of places he could score near the hotel.
if it wasn't for the toilet, there would be no books.
yeah, i understand gutenberg used to spend a fair amount of time in there.
now, you three have been hand-picked out of possibly dozens who applied.
now, what we're looking for are motivated hard-working, homeless gentlemen, like yourselves, to pull rickshaws.
plus, i gave him phone numbers of places he could score near the hotel.
look, mr. peterman the fact is, is that i was planning on breaking up with zach anyway.
i read somewhere that this brentano's is the place to meet girls in new york.
first it was the health club, then the supermarket, now the bookstore.
now, you three have been hand-picked out of possibly dozens that applied.
now, what we're looking for are motivated, hard-working, homeless gentlemen like yourselves to pull rickshaws.
filled his head with pseudoerotic tales of my own opium excursions.
plus i have him some phone numbers of places he could score near the hotel.
if it wasn't for the toilet, there would be no books.
yeah, i understand gutenberg used to spend a fair amount of time in there.
now, what we're looking for are motivated hard-working, homeless gentlemen, like yourselves, to pull rickshaws.
now, i don't care where you're from, or how you got here or what happened to your homes, but you will have to be physically fit.
i'm the one who sent him to thailand in search of low-cost whistles filled his head with pseudo-erotic tales of my own opium excursions.
plus, i gave him phone numbers of places he could score near the hotel.
you don't take your clothes off at the doctor's anymore, sug'.
anything they need to see, they do it with a new machine called an mri.
eight million. lt must have taken them a long time to count it.
of course, the average man has a count of 100 million.
and it'd be awfully greedy of us to expect a second miracle.
so you can see the only sensible thing to do is to stop trying to get pregnant.
grandpa hill is not a missing person until he's gone for 48 hours.
but this really nice policeman gave me his home phone number.
bobby, i'm gonna need you to be the man of the house while i'm gone.
sure, dad, i'll be the man of the house... while still fulfilling my duties as the child of the house.
well, all right, i guess i could use some help driving.
maybe we can put that thing to some use and sing karaoke to stay awake.
i know it's not easy for an audience to give standing ovation.
there's always a few people that don't really wanna do it.
well, you know, he's driving fast and recklessly... but he's a professional.
he's got a cab driver's license, i can see it right there.
also helps to have a name with like 8 consonants in a row.
did you ever see some of the letters in these names?
you need a chart of the elements if you wanna report the guy.
"yes, officer, his name was amal and then the symbol for boron."
what is it they think we would do with a faucet?
turn them all on full, run out into the parking lot, laughing, pushing each other into the bushes?
the pilot of course always has to come on the pa system.
this guy is so excited about being a pilot, he can't even stand himself.
"i'm not gonna have them all now, i'm just gonna have a few."
"i don't wanna finish it because it's such a big bag."
so, there's a small problem, there's gonna be a slight delay, we're gonna be a little late.
i always go in the airplane's bathroom, even if i don't have to go,
it's like your own little apartment on the plane, isn't it?
you go in there, lock the door, the light comes on after second.
the state flag of florida should be just a steering wheel with a hat and two knuckles on it.
and they left that turn signal on since they left the house that morning.
you can signal this week, turn any following year of your life.
what is that age that old people reach when they decide when they back out of their driveway, they're not looking anymore.
so, anyway, but if my hopes were up i was thinking that this is probably the same exact costume that superman wears himself.
when you put these things on, it's not exactly the super-fit that you are hoping for.
the neck line kinda comes down about there... flimsy little ribbon string in the back.
plus my mother makes me wear my winter coat over the costume anyway.
"boy, i'm superman but it's a little chilly out and i'm glad i have this cheap little 10 year old kids jacket."
so i'm going out trick-or-treating but the mask's rubber band keeps breaking and keeps getting shorter.
i'm fixing it, it's getting tighter and tighter on my face.
you know, when it starts slicing into your eyeballs there and you... you're trying to breathe through that little hole... getting all sweaty.
"i can't see, i can't breathe but we gotta keep going, we gotta get the candy."
and a half an hour into it you just take the mask: "oh, the hell with it."
when they walk up to the supermarket, they really have a whole sense of purpose.
"i'm gonna get this, i'm gonna get that, i'm gonna pay for it,
to me the only thing tougher than the supermarket is the drugstore.
the drugstore's really challenging because you have no idea what they're talking about.
he's always got the tube coming down here and then the circle area.
these are the complex inner workings of the human body, i assume.
i'm sure, when you go to the medical school, they put that up on the board the first day
"ok, everyone, now remember, you got your tube coming down from the mouth"
"figure out what will kill me and then back it off a little bit."
why does that pharmacist have to be two and a half feet higher than everybody else?
sometimes i bring a pickle with me and i put it next to me right there on the table in case the doctor wants to fold the whole thing up for a to-go order.
"get your pants off and get in there and i will tell you what i think."
of course, everybody wants to look their best, they're all out there, everybody wants to look good, guys, gals, sexuality.
i'm a single guy, by the way, there are no other guys attached to me.
i can tell you this: if you're engaged and you don't wanna get married it's a little tense.
it's like you're on that first hill of the roller-coaster but you don't really wanna go on the ride... going click-click, click-click...
i had to wear the tuxedo which, i am convinced, was invented by a woman.
"well, they're all the same, we might as well dress them all the same."
the tuxedo also functions as a wedding safety device for the bride in case the groom chickens out, everybody could just take one step over and the ceremony continues.
that's why they don't say: "do you take david williams to be your faithfully wedded husband?"
why would you bring a car, unless there's some chance of going on a date?
what the hell were they doing with a car on the goddamn moon?
there is no more male idea in the history of the universe than:
"why don't we fly up to the moon and drive around?"
i'll give you a perfect example of what i'm talking about.
did you ever see a guy, out on the highway, moving a mattress tied to the roof of the car?
the only difference between a date and a job interview is in not many job interviews is there a chance you'll end up naked at the end of it.
"well, bill, the boss thinks you're the man for the position,"
"we'd like to be a 'happy meal' if that's at all possible."
i was in london about a month ago, the world cup was going on.
the olympics is really my favorite sporting event, although i think i have a problem with that silver medal.
i think, if i was an olympic athlete, i would rather come in last then win the silver.
"it's a good thing he was there or i would have hit the ground directly."
"you never jump out of a plane unless you got a human being strapped underneath you."
i don't think i can wear that, i'm missing a button, this is dirty,
i gotta get something new, that's up my ass, can't wear this...
'dry clean only' is definitely the only warning label that human beings actually respect.
they look at cigarettes: "this will give you cancer, kill you an the kids."
when you're on the road you always have to do whatever anyone suggests that day.
because you have nothing to do and you have no ideas so you do whatever anyone suggests.
i mean, i'm sure the horses have some idea that the jockey is in a big hurry.
i mean, he's on him, he's hitting him with this thing.
they don't give you the really good horses when you're not good at it, i found out.
the guy says: "what level rider would you say that you are?"
"i can't see anything back there, but it's awfully breezy, isn't it?"
"you don't think our huge fat asses are hanging out the back of this truck, do you."
the main thing is the bathroom, the shower, that's gotta be good.
that's why i don't like to stay with people on the road.
and you wanna get rid of it but you don't wanna touch it.
i don't know how it got up that high in the first place.
i know it's not easy for an audience to give standing ovation.
there's always a few people that don't really wanna do it.
well, you know, he's driving fast and recklessly... but he's a professional.
he's got a cab driver's license, i can see it right there.
also helps to have a name with like 8 consonants in a row.
did you ever see some of the letters in these names?
you need a chart of the elements if you wanna report the guy.
"yes, officer, his name was amal and then the symbol for boron."
what is it they think we would do with a faucet?
turn them all on full, run out into the parking lot, laughing, pushing each other into the bushes?
the pilot of course always has to come on the pa system.
this guy is so excited about being a pilot, he can't even stand himself.
"i'm not gonna have them all now, i'm just gonna have a few."
"i don't wanna finish it because it's such a big bag."
so, there's a small problem, there's gonna be a slight delay, we're gonna be a little late.
i always go in the airplane's bathroom, even if i don't have to go,
it's like your own little apartment on the plane, isn't it?
you go in there, lock the door, the light comes on after second.
the state flag of florida should be just a steering wheel with a hat and two knuckles on it.
and they left that turn signal on since they left the house that morning.
you can signal this week, turn any following year of your life.
what is that age that old people reach when they decide when they back out of their driveway, they're not looking anymore.
so, anyway, but if my hopes were up i was thinking that this is probably the same exact costume that superman wears himself.
when you put these things on, it's not exactly the super-fit that you are hoping for.
the neck line kinda comes down about there... flimsy little ribbon string in the back.
plus my mother makes me wear my winter coat over the costume anyway.
"boy, i'm superman but it's a little chilly out and i'm glad i have this cheap little 10 year old kids jacket."
so i'm going out trick-or-treating but the mask's rubber band keeps breaking and keeps getting shorter.
i'm fixing it, it's getting tighter and tighter on my face.
you know, when it starts slicing into your eyeballs there and you... you're trying to breathe through that little hole... getting all sweaty.
"i can't see, i can't breathe but we gotta keep going, we gotta get the candy."
and a half an hour into it you just take the mask: "oh, the hell with it."
when they walk up to the supermarket, they really have a whole sense of purpose.
"i'm gonna get this, i'm gonna get that, i'm gonna pay for it,
to me the only thing tougher than the supermarket is the drugstore.
the drugstore's really challenging because you have no idea what they're talking about.
he's always got the tube coming down here and then the circle area.
these are the complex inner workings of the human body, i assume.
i'm sure, when you go to the medical school, they put that up on the board the first day
"ok, everyone, now remember, you got your tube coming down from the mouth"
"figure out what will kill me and then back it off a little bit."
why does that pharmacist have to be two and a half feet higher than everybody else?
sometimes i bring a pickle with me and i put it next to me right there on the table in case the doctor wants to fold the whole thing up for a to-go order.
"get your pants off and get in there and i will tell you what i think."
of course, everybody wants to look their best, they're all out there, everybody wants to look good, guys, gals, sexuality.
i'm a single guy, by the way, there are no other guys attached to me.
i can tell you this: if you're engaged and you don't wanna get married it's a little tense.
it's like you're on that first hill of the roller-coaster but you don't really wanna go on the ride... going click-click, click-click...
i had to wear the tuxedo which, i am convinced, was invented by a woman.
"well, they're all the same, we might as well dress them all the same."
the tuxedo also functions as a wedding safety device for the bride in case the groom chickens out, everybody could just take one step over and the ceremony continues.
that's why they don't say: "do you take david williams to be your faithfully wedded husband?"
why would you bring a car, unless there's some chance of going on a date?
what the hell were they doing with a car on the goddamn moon?
there is no more male idea in the history of the universe than:
"why don't we fly up to the moon and drive around?"
i'll give you a perfect example of what i'm talking about.
did you ever see a guy, out on the highway, moving a mattress tied to the roof of the car?
the only difference between a date and a job interview is in not many job interviews is there a chance you'll end up naked at the end of it.
"well, bill, the boss thinks you're the man for the position,"
"we'd like to be a 'happy meal' if that's at all possible."
i was in london about a month ago, the world cup was going on.
the olympics is really my favorite sporting event, although i think i have a problem with that silver medal.
i think, if i was an olympic athlete, i would rather come in last then win the silver.
"it's a good thing he was there or i would have hit the ground directly."
"you never jump out of a plane unless you got a human being strapped underneath you."
i don't think i can wear that, i'm missing a button, this is dirty,
i gotta get something new, that's up my ass, can't wear this...
'dry clean only' is definitely the only warning label that human beings actually respect.
they look at cigarettes: "this will give you cancer, kill you an the kids."
when you're on the road you always have to do whatever anyone suggests that day.
because you have nothing to do and you have no ideas so you do whatever anyone suggests.
i mean, i'm sure the horses have some idea that the jockey is in a big hurry.
i mean, he's on him, he's hitting him with this thing.
they don't give you the really good horses when you're not good at it, i found out.
the guy says: "what level rider would you say that you are?"
"i can't see anything back there, but it's awfully breezy, isn't it?"
"you don't think our huge fat asses are hanging out the back of this truck, do you."
the main thing is the bathroom, the shower, that's gotta be good.
that's why i don't like to stay with people on the road.
and you wanna get rid of it but you don't wanna touch it.
i don't know how it got up that high in the first place.
i remember when prompts came in, the ventriloquism scare of '84.
sure there were times when people would make fun of you.
the funny thing about being in these cabs is that when you're in manhattan for some reason you don't get scared, no matter how fast the guy goes.
well, you know, he's driving fast and recklessly... but he's a professional.
he's got a cab driver's license, i can see it right there.
i don't even know what it takes to get a cab driver's license.
did you ever see some of the letters in these names?
what is the "o" with a line through it, by the way?
i love it whether it's a car or whether it's a plane.
i like to get out there, i like to keep it moving.
then you have the other genius, down at the other end, looking at the little x-ray tv screen.
this eistein was chosen to stand in front of x-rays 14 hours a day.
there's always that little tiny table there, tiny computer, little cramped seats, tiny food, tiny utensils, tiny liquor bottles, tiny bathroom, tiny sink, tiny mirror, tiny faucet.
so, there's a small problem, there's gonna be a slight delay, we're gonna be a little late.
but i'm always impressed of the amount of equipment that they have in that place.
i mean it's little, but they got tissues, towels, closets, compartments, tiny slot for used razor blades.
i love the idea of the kid who's stupid enough to think he actually is superman but smart enough to check that box before he goes off the roof.
"let me see if it says anything about me being superman..."
when you put these things on, it's not exactly the super-fit that you are hoping for.
it looks more like superman's pyjamas, that's what it looks like.
so i'm going out trick-or-treating but the mask's rubber band keeps breaking and keeps getting shorter.
i'm fixing it, it's getting tighter and tighter on my face.
you know, when it starts slicing into your eyeballs there and you... you're trying to breathe through that little hole... getting all sweaty.
"i can't see, i can't breathe but we gotta keep going, we gotta get the candy."
"yeah, i'm superman, look at the pants legs, what do you care?"
looking at those last years of trick-or-treating you're getting a little too old for it.
"i'm gonna get this, i'm gonna get that, i'm gonna pay for it,
i'm gonna get out of here and get back to my normal life."
in the laboratories with gene splicing or, you know, whatever they do there...
i mean, other scientists are working on aids, cancer, heart disease.
"have you ever tried to pick a wet one off the floor, it's almost impossible."
"i really think we should devote the money to these studies."
there's nothing worse than thinking you have milk and not having it.
you know, you got the bowl setup, the cereal, the spoon, the napkin, the tv, the newspaper, everything's ready to go.
how do they know that that is the definite exact day?
you know, they don't say like it's in the vicinity, give or take, roughly...
no face, mouth open, this is how drug companies see the public.
he's always got the tube coming down here and then the circle area.
these are the complex inner workings of the human body, i assume.
i'm sure, when you go to the medical school, they put that up on the board the first day
now you got your pants around your ankles, you're sitting on that butcher paper they pulled out over the table...
sometimes i bring a pickle with me and i put it next to me right there on the table in case the doctor wants to fold the whole thing up for a to-go order.
it's like you're on that first hill of the roller-coaster but you don't really wanna go on the ride... going click-click, click-click...
i was best man at a wedding one time and that was pretty good.
if i am the best man, why is she marrying him?
i had to wear the tuxedo which, i am convinced, was invented by a woman.
"well, they're all the same, we might as well dress them all the same."
the tuxedo also functions as a wedding safety device for the bride in case the groom chickens out, everybody could just take one step over and the ceremony continues.
men, as an organization, are getting more women than any other group working anywhere in the world today.
wherever women are, we have men looking into the situation right now.
this is the deep inner secret truth of the male mind.
i'll give you a perfect example of what i'm talking about.
did you ever see a guy, out on the highway, moving a mattress tied to the roof of the car?
without fail, he's got the arm out of the window holding the mattress.
what is a date really but a job interview that lasts all night?
the only difference between a date and a job interview is in not many job interviews is there a chance you'll end up naked at the end of it.
"well, bill, the boss thinks you're the man for the position,"
"why don't you strip down and meet some of the people you'll be working with."
women have two types of orgasms: the actual ones and the ones that they make up on their own.
and i can give you the male point of view on this.
"we see the sign... we realize we have very little chance out there."
"we'd like to be a 'happy meal' if that's at all possible."
i never had a date, i never had a drink, i never had a beer,
i was doing push-ups since i was fetus, i flew halfway around the world, everybody i knew in my whole life was there, the gun was shot...
he takes me to the store, makes sure i buy everything i need...
i had the waterproof wallet... nylon... in case we run into a sea turtle that can break a 50.
we chose not to avoid these activities but to just make little plastic hats so that we can continue our head cracking lifestyles.
the only thing dumber than the helmet, is the helmet law, the point of which is to protect a brain that is functioning so poorly it's not even trying to stop the cracking of the head that it's in.
clothing to me, for the most part, is just such a tremendous pain in the ass.
if you think of the amount of time, mental effort, physical energy, that goes into your clothes:
"i don't think i have a knife that can cut through the shoe."
"i don't think any of my knives are good enough to cut through shoes."
we think we're not, we think we're very clever, we think we're gonna foil the crooks.
we go to the beach, go in the water, put you wallet in the sneaker, who's gonna know?
"one of them is square with an antenna coming out of it."
so feeble the things we come up with to foil the crooks!
i check the guy standing in line behind me... if it's not him, that's pretty much all i can do.
why don't they just hold on to this guy when they're taking his picture.
i'll tell you one thing the horses definitely do not know.
they do not know that if you should accidentally trip and break your leg at any point during the race we blow your brains out.
is there any point in still comparing it... to the horses?
any chance of going back to using rockets with horses, trying to keep track of how many we're gonna need?
is that the best way to move a horse out on the highway?
with their huge fat disgusting rear ends right in my face?
i pretend that it's normal soap and my muscles are huge.
and you can always tell when you're in a fine quality luxury hotel when the tv is bolted to a solid steel beam and welded into the wall.
did you ever go to a big party, go into the bathroom, flush the toilet, the water starts coming up...
this is the most frightening moment in the life of a human being.
i remember when prompts came in, the ventriloquism scare of '84.
sure there were times when people would make fun of you.
the funny thing about being in these cabs is that when you're in manhattan for some reason you don't get scared, no matter how fast the guy goes.
well, you know, he's driving fast and recklessly... but he's a professional.
he's got a cab driver's license, i can see it right there.
i don't even know what it takes to get a cab driver's license.
did you ever see some of the letters in these names?
what is the "o" with a line through it, by the way?
i love it whether it's a car or whether it's a plane.
i like to get out there, i like to keep it moving.
then you have the other genius, down at the other end, looking at the little x-ray tv screen.
this eistein was chosen to stand in front of x-rays 14 hours a day.
there's always that little tiny table there, tiny computer, little cramped seats, tiny food, tiny utensils, tiny liquor bottles, tiny bathroom, tiny sink, tiny mirror, tiny faucet.
so, there's a small problem, there's gonna be a slight delay, we're gonna be a little late.
but i'm always impressed of the amount of equipment that they have in that place.
i mean it's little, but they got tissues, towels, closets, compartments, tiny slot for used razor blades.
i love the idea of the kid who's stupid enough to think he actually is superman but smart enough to check that box before he goes off the roof.
"let me see if it says anything about me being superman..."
when you put these things on, it's not exactly the super-fit that you are hoping for.
it looks more like superman's pyjamas, that's what it looks like.
so i'm going out trick-or-treating but the mask's rubber band keeps breaking and keeps getting shorter.
i'm fixing it, it's getting tighter and tighter on my face.
you know, when it starts slicing into your eyeballs there and you... you're trying to breathe through that little hole... getting all sweaty.
"i can't see, i can't breathe but we gotta keep going, we gotta get the candy."
"yeah, i'm superman, look at the pants legs, what do you care?"
looking at those last years of trick-or-treating you're getting a little too old for it.
"i'm gonna get this, i'm gonna get that, i'm gonna pay for it,
i'm gonna get out of here and get back to my normal life."
in the laboratories with gene splicing or, you know, whatever they do there...
i mean, other scientists are working on aids, cancer, heart disease.
"have you ever tried to pick a wet one off the floor, it's almost impossible."
"i really think we should devote the money to these studies."
there's nothing worse than thinking you have milk and not having it.
you know, you got the bowl setup, the cereal, the spoon, the napkin, the tv, the newspaper, everything's ready to go.
how do they know that that is the definite exact day?
you know, they don't say like it's in the vicinity, give or take, roughly...
no face, mouth open, this is how drug companies see the public.
he's always got the tube coming down here and then the circle area.
these are the complex inner workings of the human body, i assume.
i'm sure, when you go to the medical school, they put that up on the board the first day
now you got your pants around your ankles, you're sitting on that butcher paper they pulled out over the table...
sometimes i bring a pickle with me and i put it next to me right there on the table in case the doctor wants to fold the whole thing up for a to-go order.
it's like you're on that first hill of the roller-coaster but you don't really wanna go on the ride... going click-click, click-click...
i was best man at a wedding one time and that was pretty good.
if i am the best man, why is she marrying him?
i had to wear the tuxedo which, i am convinced, was invented by a woman.
"well, they're all the same, we might as well dress them all the same."
the tuxedo also functions as a wedding safety device for the bride in case the groom chickens out, everybody could just take one step over and the ceremony continues.
men, as an organization, are getting more women than any other group working anywhere in the world today.
wherever women are, we have men looking into the situation right now.
this is the deep inner secret truth of the male mind.
i'll give you a perfect example of what i'm talking about.
did you ever see a guy, out on the highway, moving a mattress tied to the roof of the car?
without fail, he's got the arm out of the window holding the mattress.
what is a date really but a job interview that lasts all night?
the only difference between a date and a job interview is in not many job interviews is there a chance you'll end up naked at the end of it.
"well, bill, the boss thinks you're the man for the position,"
"why don't you strip down and meet some of the people you'll be working with."
women have two types of orgasms: the actual ones and the ones that they make up on their own.
and i can give you the male point of view on this.
"we see the sign... we realize we have very little chance out there."
"we'd like to be a 'happy meal' if that's at all possible."
i never had a date, i never had a drink, i never had a beer,
i was doing push-ups since i was fetus, i flew halfway around the world, everybody i knew in my whole life was there, the gun was shot...
he takes me to the store, makes sure i buy everything i need...
i had the waterproof wallet... nylon... in case we run into a sea turtle that can break a 50.
we chose not to avoid these activities but to just make little plastic hats so that we can continue our head cracking lifestyles.
the only thing dumber than the helmet, is the helmet law, the point of which is to protect a brain that is functioning so poorly it's not even trying to stop the cracking of the head that it's in.
clothing to me, for the most part, is just such a tremendous pain in the ass.
if you think of the amount of time, mental effort, physical energy, that goes into your clothes:
"i don't think i have a knife that can cut through the shoe."
"i don't think any of my knives are good enough to cut through shoes."
we think we're not, we think we're very clever, we think we're gonna foil the crooks.
we go to the beach, go in the water, put you wallet in the sneaker, who's gonna know?
"one of them is square with an antenna coming out of it."
so feeble the things we come up with to foil the crooks!
i check the guy standing in line behind me... if it's not him, that's pretty much all i can do.
why don't they just hold on to this guy when they're taking his picture.
i'll tell you one thing the horses definitely do not know.
they do not know that if you should accidentally trip and break your leg at any point during the race we blow your brains out.
is there any point in still comparing it... to the horses?
any chance of going back to using rockets with horses, trying to keep track of how many we're gonna need?
is that the best way to move a horse out on the highway?
with their huge fat disgusting rear ends right in my face?
i pretend that it's normal soap and my muscles are huge.
and you can always tell when you're in a fine quality luxury hotel when the tv is bolted to a solid steel beam and welded into the wall.
did you ever go to a big party, go into the bathroom, flush the toilet, the water starts coming up...
this is the most frightening moment in the life of a human being.
and as a real person, i've made some humorous observations about real life.
for example, have you ever noticed how there are two phone books... a white one and a yellow one?
i didn't know you, jay leno and a monkey were bathing a clown.
well, they are, so make with the loofah or get out.
and as a real person, i've made some humorous observations about real life.
for example, have you ever noticed how there are two phone books... a white one and a yellow one?
i know it's a difficult adjustment from a coed academy to a girls' school.
if i can help ease the transition, come see me in my office.
you wanted to go into new york to see a horse show...
alone and unchaperoned and your parents worry you may run off to meet some boy.
and if you get to know them, then you'll be discovering yourself.
and that is, believe it or not, as great an adventure as the opposite sex.
between you and me, miss godard's isn't exactly... a healthy environment for an energetic... and... curious young spirit.
we wouldn't want the hall monitors to catch you with lint on your jacket.
tinka takes the train into new york and stays at my mom's apartment.
she's in europe for the year and tinka's mom is in boca raton.
the only people who come up here are the maintenance men once in a while.
they store old furniture and stuff... and then we steal it.
most of the girls here at miss godard's, they've got all the opportunities to become something... a good upbringing, a good education, they're loaded.
but, in ten years, they'll be married with three kids and two cars, a colonial, a collie...
- i'm going to be on the cover of moi magazine... as a famous actress-folksinger-slut.
and momo will be my doctor and tweety will be my shrink.
oh, you're very smart, von stefan, but mainly in the derriere.
now, at miss godard's we try to educate the mind and not the buttocks.
verena, when young people of one sex are cooped up for too long in a place, there is an unhealthy disposition to plotting and cruel mischief.
i really think you'd benefit from a weekend away from here, yet i see that you've chosen to remain on campus since the beginning of the year.
we make a special appeal every year, and we only get enough for band-aids.
eve godard founded this school because she believed... that girls had a better chance to grow strong... away from the irresistible domination of men.
if we merge with the boys' academy, the girls will come second.
they shouldn't have to learn such a bitter lesson at this crucial age.
the st. ambrose choir is coming down for a dance and concert in may.
obviously, this is a trial to see if we all get along.
i just want to tear off all my stars and be just like everybody else.
abby sawyer, when you are at the top, there are always jealous people who try to shoot you down.
well, you just pick up your chin and you say, "pooh"!
now, when we get home tonight, we'll put a nice rinse on that hair.
be careful no one sees you when you come in the back way.
you'll be safe once you put on the jacket and tie.
with all due respect, miss mcvane, i think you were born yesterday.
i fail to see any way... that miss godard's benefits from an association with st. ambrose...
- it's a bottom-of-the-heap school... for boys who are too dumb or unruly to...
i'll have to report to the trustees that you and i are unable to work together.
that punch was diabolical... and i need to sing my solo.
take a swig of this and pass it along to the others.
we'll send your records on to any school you apply to.
mr. dewey is leaving us as well, if that cheers you.
they're ensuring that a steady supply of the nation's leaders will be men.
maybe you women don't give because deep down you know it's useless.
specifically, miss godard's... will unite with st. ambrose academy... to form a single school on their campus in stoneytown, new hampshire.
a letter was sent to your parents this morning outlining the details of this...
i want you to break through that door and clear the building.
i don't care if you have to pick them up and carry them out one by one.
the board of trustees has sold this school down the river.
they want us to go coed with the st. ambrose academy, which is notorious for their drunken behavior, loose morals and lousy singing.
some of you may think of this place as a prison, some old-fashioned prude's idea about keeping us out of trouble... because we can't be trusted to look out for ourselves.
and you think times have changed and we can hold our own with boys.
now, for others of you, you think this place has brought out the best in you.
in here they give you the nerve to reach into yourself and pull out your colors... and wave them as high as you can.
and they have chosen odette sinclair as their representative, should the board of trustees decide to admit one student member.
and, in addition, they want to help the school out of its financial troubles.
now, maybe that's a paltry amount, but their generosity just about broke my heart.
and i am sure that if parents and alumnae follow their example, we can solve whatever budget problems we have... very, very soon:
i'd like to know why you turned down my request for a pass this weekend.
you wanted to go into new york to see a horse show...
alone and unchaperoned and your parents worry you may run off to meet some boy.
i'm required to keep you here on weekends, unless you're invited by a friend whom they approve.
i wonder what would happen to american foreign policy if president kennedy got cramps.
possibly, history has already been influenced by his bad back, sir.
between you and me, miss godard's isn't exactly... a healthy environment for an energetic... and... curious young spirit.
we wouldn't want the hall monitors to catch you with lint on your jacket.
tinka takes the train into new york and stays at my mom's apartment.
she's in europe for the year and tinka's mom is in boca raton.
the only people who come up here are the maintenance men once in a while.
they store old furniture and stuff... and then we steal it.
most of the girls here at miss godard's, they've got all the opportunities to become something... a good upbringing, a good education, they're loaded.
but, in ten years, they'll be married with three kids and two cars, a colonial, a collie...
- i'm going to be on the cover of moi magazine... as a famous actress-folksinger-slut.
and momo will be my doctor and tweety will be my shrink.
oh, you're very smart, von stefan, but mainly in the derriere.
now, at miss godard's we try to educate the mind and not the buttocks.
t from a weekend away from here, yet i see that you've chosen to remain on campus since the beginning of the year.
i know your mother is still in paris, but you have friends... who would invite you to their houses.
odette sinclair, the committee has decided... not to recommend expulsion and give you a second chance.
however, you are grounded for the remainder of the school year.
we make a special appeal every year, and we only get enough for band-aids.
eve godard founded this school because she believed... that girls had a better chance to grow strong... away from the irresistible domination of men.
obviously, this is a trial to see if we all get along.
so, we must make the boys look so awful... the trustees will have to cancel the merge of our two schools.
i just want to tear off all my stars and be just like everybody else.
abby sawyer, when you are at the top, there are always jealous people who try to shoot you down.
well, you just pick up your chin and you say, "pooh"!
now, when we get home tonight, we'll put a nice rinse on that hair.
girls, you have about 20 minutes to show your dates around campus.
then, when you hear the bell, please escort them to the dining room for an early dinner.
- she and my dad are constantly slugging it out in court.
it's a situation i don't like being in the middle of.
- it's a bottom-of-the-heap school... for boys who are too dumb or unruly to...
i'll have to report to the trustees that you and i are unable to work together.
maybe you women don't give because deep down you know it's useless.
i might as well been teaching needlepoint and gardening, instead of physics and government.
specifiically, miss godard's... will unite with st. ambrose academy... to form a single school on their campus in stoneytown, new hampshire.
a letter was sent to your parents this morning outlining the details of this...
i don't care if you have to pick them up and carry them out one by one.
in two hours, their parents will be arriving to take them home for vacation.
now, this may seem pretty simple, but now it's time to decide how you really feel about miss godard's.
some of you may think of this place as a prison, some old-fashioned prude's idea about keeping us out of trouble... because we can't be trusted to look out for ourselves.
now, maybe that's a paltry amount, but their generosity just about broke my heart.
and i am sure that if parents and alumnae follow their example, we can solve whatever budget problems we have... very, very soon:
- when a guy asks for the proof of your love.
- do you spit out your gum do you put on a glove
- they found out what we were planning, and now they want me...
- they found out what we were planning, and now they want me...
- they think i'll be safe surrounded by high walls and lesbians.
- they think i'll be safe surrounded by high walls and lesbians.
i'd like to know why you turned down my request for a pass this weekend.
you wanted to go into new york to see a horse show... [sniffles]
alone and unchaperoned and your parents worry you may run off to meet some boy.
i'm required to keep you here on weekends, unless you're invited by a friend whom they approve.
and if you get to know them, then you'll be discovering yourself.
and that is, believe it or not, as great an adventure as the opposite sex.
tinka takes the train into new york and stays at my mom's apartment.
she's in europe for the year and tinka's mom is in boca raton.
in the d.a.r., we share our most secret dreams of what we want to be.
most of the girls here at miss godard's, they've got all the opportunities to become something... a good upbringing, a good education, they're loaded.
and momo will be my doctor and tweety will be my shrink.
we all pledge to help each other achieve our ambitions, no matter how big or small, for our whole life to come.
- i went home for christmas and i got a diaphragm.
before i could use it, my mother found it and sent me here.
- think of it as a tribute to your talents... that i suspect you.
oh, you're very smart, von stefan, but mainly in the derriere.
now, at miss godard's we try to educate the mind and not the buttocks.
so, unless your smarts begin migrating from your heinie to your head, the next time you fi!
[man] we make a special appeal every year, and we only get enough for band-aids.
eve godard founded this school because she believed... that girls had a better chance to grow strong... away from the irresistible domination of men.
the st. ambrose choir is coming down for a dance and concert in may.
obviously, this is a trial to see if we all get along.
abby sawyer, when you are at the top, there are always jealous people who try to shoot you down.
well, you just pick up your chin and you say, "pooh"!
be careful no one sees you when you come in the back way.
you'll be safe once you put on the jacket and tie.
- she and my dad are constantly slugging it out in court.
it's a situation i don't like being in the middle of.
- it's a bottom-of-the-heap school... for boys who are too dumb or unruly to...
i'll have to report to the trustees that you and i are unable to work together.
¤ you put your whole foot in and you shake it all about
- you do the hokey pokey and you turn yourself around - [screams]
- [screaming] - ¤ you put your whole date in ¤
¤ you put your whole date in and you shake it all about
that punch was diabolical... and i need to sing my solo.
take a swig of this and pass it along to the others.
we'll send your records on to any school you apply to.
mr. dewey is leaving us as well, if that cheers you.
they're ensuring that a steady supply of the nation's leaders will be men.
maybe you women don't give because deep down you know it's useless.
i want you to break through that door and clear the building.
i don't care if you have to pick them up and carry them out one by one.
some of you may think of this place as a prison, some old-fashioned prude's idea about keeping us out of trouble... because we can't be trusted to look out for ourselves.
and you think times have changed and we can hold our own with boys.
now, for others of you, you think this place has brought out the best in you.
in here they give you the nerve to reach into yourself and pull out your colors... and wave them as high as you can.
and they have chosen odette sinclair as their representative, should the board of trustees decide to admit one student member.
and, in addition, they want to help the school out of its fi!
- ¤i hear stacy went out with him - ¤i hear stacy went out with him
- ¤ what, is she crazy - ¤ what, is she crazy
- ¤met a boy so sweet - ¤met a boy so sweet
- ¤he took me out last week - ¤he took me out last week
- ¤for a movie and a dinner - ¤for a movie and a dinner
- ¤ then we parked on a dead-end street - ¤ then we parked on a dead-end street
- ¤he said i've got a present for you - ¤he said i've got a present for you
- ¤i thought my dreams were all coming true - ¤i thought my dreams were all coming true
- ¤i held out my hand - ¤i held out my hand
- ¤ waited for my big surprise - ¤ waited for my big surprise
- ¤i looked down at his pants - ¤i looked down at his pants
- ¤ when a guy asks for the proof of your love - ¤ when a guy asks for the proof of your love
- ¤do you spit out your gum do you put on a glove - ¤do you spit out your gum do you put on a glove
- ¤ what are the rules - ¤ what are the rules
- ¤ come on, talk english - ¤ come on, talk english
- ¤do i have to spell it out - ¤do i have to spell it out
- ¤so, how big was it - ¤so, how big was it
- ¤ well, smaller than a mailbox - ¤ well, smaller than a mailbox
- ¤i jumped out of his car like a comet - ¤i jumped out of his car like a comet
- ¤and i guess i must have slammed the door on it - ¤and i guess i must have slammed the door on it
- ¤everybody, have you heard the word - ¤everybody, have you heard the word
- ¤she slammed the door and she crushed that bird - ¤she slammed the door and she crushed that bird
we have established a datalink between my neural net and the phaser array.
i am reconfiguring the beam to carry a bio- agent into the planet's atmosphere.
even today, 700 years later, we are still feeling the impact of the voyager encounter.
before we continue the simulation, i'd like to answer any questions you might have.
tell us more about the borg drones they kept on the ship.
voyager had many weapons at their disposal, including species they'd assimilated along the way:
janeway and her squadron are on the bridge, mounting their assault.
now, what you are about to see is graphic and unsettling.
i'm reading a fortified compound 1. 6 kilometers beneath the surface.
chako- tay, you and tuvok take an assault team and find tedran.
the warship voyager continued on its way, leaving the kyrian dynasty in ruins.
the vaskan leaders proceeded to occupy our lands, forcing my people into subservience.
well, you'd better get used to the idea, because we've just uncovered an artifact that's going to confirm everything you've seen here.
three weeks ago, our research team found a data- storage device buried nine meters beneath the ruins at kesef.
no, not a fossil-- a witness, a living witness to history.
there's so much we don't know about what happened, but you saw it.
captain janeway called this meeting to figure out how we could extricate ourselves from the conflict and still maintain the trade agreement with the vaskans.
but we weren't on their side, and we certainly never attacked you.
we always knew he was an artificial life- form, but we thought he was an android.
if we were mistaken about that... i wonder if we might also be wrong about voyager itself.
to talk, i guess, about what really happened 700 years ago.
are you sure you're willing to listen to a mass- murderer like me?
my program was disabled, most likely when they stole my backup module.
the next thing i knew, i was standing next to this gentleman, seven centuries later.
i've been trying to decipher the instrument for years, but with the doctor's help... i fail to see what this would prove.
tedran died on voyager, a victim of a conspiracy to oppress my people.
700 years, and i'm still caught in the middle of your little dispute.
one might have hoped for a bit of social progress in the interim.
b'elanna torres... intelligent, beautiful, and with a chip on her shoulder the size of the horsehead nebula.
she also had a kind of vulnerability that made her... quite endearing.
i'm a medical hologram... programmed to do no harm, but i'm doing harm on a global scale.
ever since you reactivated me, i've been concerned with clearing voyager's good name.
tedran was a martyr for your people, a hero, a symbol of your struggle for freedom.
who am i to wander in 700 years later and take that away from you?
eventually, we found a new respect for our divergent cultures and traditions.
the efforts of people like quarren and the doctor paved the way for unity.
quarren died six years later, but he lived long enough to witness the dawn of harmony.
and the doctor... well, he served as our surgical chancellor for many years, until he decided to leave.
we have established a datalink between my neural net and the phaser array.
i am reconfiguring the beam to carry a bio- agent into the planet's atmosphere.
even today, 700 years later, we are still feeling the impact of the voyager encounter.
before we continue the simulation, i'd like to answer any questions you might have.
tell us more about the borg drones they kept on the ship.
voyager had many weapons at their disposal, including species they'd assimilated along the way:
janeway and her squadron are on the bridge, mounting their assault.
now, what you are about to see is graphic and unsettling.
i'm reading a fortified compound 1. 6 kilometers beneath the surface.
chako- tay, you and tuvok take an assault team and find tedran.
the warship voyager continued on its way, leaving the kyrian dynasty in ruins.
the vaskan leaders proceeded to occupy our lands, forcing my people into subservience.
well, you'd better get used to the idea, because we've just uncovered an artifact that's going to confirm everything you've seen here.
three weeks ago, our research team found a data- storage device buried nine meters beneath the ruins at kesef.
no, not a fossil-- a witness, a living witness to history.
there's so much we don't know about what happened, but you saw it.
captain janeway called this meeting to figure out how we could extricate ourselves from the conflict and still maintain the trade agreement with the vaskans.
but we weren't on their side, and we certainly never attacked you.
we always knew he was an artificial life- form, but we thought he was an android.
if we were mistaken about that... i wonder if we might also be wrong about voyager itself.
to talk, i guess, about what really happened 700 years ago.
are you sure you're willing to listen to a mass- murderer like me?
my program was disabled, most likely when they stole my backup module.
the next thing i knew, i was standing next to this gentleman, seven centuries later.
i've been trying to decipher the instrument for years, but with the doctor's help... i fail to see what this would prove.
tedran died on voyager, a victim of a conspiracy to oppress my people.
700 years, and i'm still caught in the middle of your little dispute.
one might have hoped for a bit of social progress in the interim.
b'elanna torres... intelligent, beautiful, and with a chip on her shoulder the size of the horsehead nebula.
she also had a kind of vulnerability that made her... quite endearing.
i'm a medical hologram... programmed to do no harm, but i'm doing harm on a global scale.
ever since you reactivated me, i've been concerned with clearing voyager's good name.
tedran was a martyr for your people, a hero, a symbol of your struggle for freedom.
who am i to wander in 700 years later and take that away from you?
eventually, we found a new respect for our divergent cultures and traditions.
the efforts of people like quarren and the doctor paved the way for unity.
quarren died six years later, but he lived long enough to witness the dawn of harmony.
and the doctor... well, he served as our surgical chancellor for many years, until he decided to leave.
we have established a datalink between my neural net and the phaser array.
i am reconfiguring the beam to carry a bio- agent into the planet's atmosphere.
even today, 700 years later, we are still feeling the impact of the voyager encounter.
before we continue the simulation, i'd like to answer any questions you might have.
tell us more about the borg drones they kept on the ship.
voyager had many weapons at their disposal, including species they'd assimilated along the way:
janeway and her squadron are on the bridge, mounting their assault.
now, what you are about to see is graphic and unsettling.
i'm reading a fortified compound 1. 6 kilometers beneath the surface.
chako- tay, you and tuvok take an assault team and find tedran.
the warship voyager continued on its way, leaving the kyrian dynasty in ruins.
the vaskan leaders proceeded to occupy our lands, forcing my people into subservience.
well, you'd better get used to the idea, because we've just uncovered an artifact that's going to confirm everything you've seen here.
three weeks ago, our research team found a data- storage device buried nine meters beneath the ruins at kesef.
no, not a fossil-- a witness, a living witness to history.
there's so much we don't know about what happened, but you saw it.
captain janeway called this meeting to figure out how we could extricate ourselves from the conflict and still maintain the trade agreement with the vaskans.
but we weren't on their side, and we certainly never attacked you.
we always knew he was an artificial life- form, but we thought he was an android.
if we were mistaken about that... i wonder if we might also be wrong about voyager itself.
to talk, i guess, about what really happened 700 years ago.
are you sure you're willing to listen to a mass- murderer like me?
my program was disabled, most likely when they stole my backup module.
the next thing i knew, i was standing next to this gentleman, seven centuries later.
i've been trying to decipher the instrument for years, but with the doctor's help... i fail to see what this would prove.
tedran died on voyager, a victim of a conspiracy to oppress my people.
700 years, and i'm still caught in the middle of your little dispute.
one might have hoped for a bit of social progress in the interim.
b'elanna torres... intelligent, beautiful, and with a chip on her shoulder the size of the horsehead nebula.
she also had a kind of vulnerability that made her... quite endearing.
i'm a medical hologram... programmed to do no harm, but i'm doing harm on a global scale.
ever since you reactivated me, i've been concerned with clearing voyager's good name.
tedran was a martyr for your people, a hero, a symbol of your struggle for freedom.
who am i to wander in 700 years later and take that away from you?
eventually, we found a new respect for our divergent cultures and traditions.
the efforts of people like quarren and the doctor paved the way for unity.
quarren died six years later, but he lived long enough to witness the dawn of harmony.
and the doctor... well, he served as our surgical chancellor for many years, until he decided to leave.
grandfather says that that happy city was swallowed by an earthquake... and that it has slept under the sea for centuries.
it comes out of the water once a month and for very a short time... when the morning star regrets to have to leave the earth... and stops and contemplates it.
for the last few months my only contact with the world
has been this unknown neighbour of mine, who always answers to me with the same music.
this suspect pain... my stubbornness to want to learn, to want to know... then the darkness... the silence around me... the silence.
all made me believe that before the end of winter with the ethereal silhouettes of the boats, and their sudden breakthroughs in the sky,
"i'm writing to you in front of the sea, motionless, stunned.
"in the house you can feel the hot milk and the humid jasmine.
sélim started screaming... because i didn't know it and started walking.
"there are hidden bombs there, bonehead! " - he tells me.
he was greek... but he grew up and lived in italy.
one day, he learned that the greek... who were under the ottoman, had put on their weapons to conquer back their freedom.
sing the revolution, cry over the dead invoke the lost face of freedom.
the following day, he took a boat in venice and went back to greece, in zante... his island.
he recognised the faces, the colours, the perfumes... his house... but he didn't know the language.
he wanted to sing the revolution, but he couldn't speak his mother's language.
then he started going through the popular districts... the fields, the fishermen's villages, noting the words that he heard,
and paying for those that he heard for the first time.
we'll go diving to take a look at the ancient city.
then we'll go up the cliff and shout to the ships going by.
at night i looked at you... i didn't know if you were asleep or just silent... i was afraid of what you might be thinking... i was afraid i had intruded upon your silence,
so i began to show how vulnerable i was... in the only way i knew...
when we were children, we had to whisper when he was working.
father would yell at us when we disturbed his first born.
two people in a huge house... cracked by earrthquakes, aparrtment buildings all around.
we walked hand in hand by the lake... i tried in vain... but you were inconsolable.
from bag to bag, you come to a flat place without trees...
selim starrted yelling... because i didn't know and starrted to move on.
one day he heard that the greeks... who were living as slaves under the ottomans... had taken up arms...
then memories of his forgotten homeland... stirred inside him... his childhood on the island... the face of his mother still living there.
he found again the faces, the colours, the smells... his family home... but he didn't know the language.
he wanted to celebrate the revolution... but he couldn't speak his mother's language.
of course he wrote other poems... and a long, unfinished poem... which he named "the besieged free".
he spent the rest of his life tying to finish it.
what if there were mountains ravines, cops, soldiers... we never drew back.
now i face the sea and there's no end to it...
the dawn's last dewwy morning star... heralded the coming of a radiant sun...
no mist or shadow dared to mar... the perfection of that cloudless sky... from where a gentle breeze sweetly blew... caressing the faces down below... as if to murmur into the hearrt's recesses.
remember... that i looked at it as if i were all eyes...
caressed it as if i were all hands... i stand here and wait for you, trembling...
with word i brought you back again... and you are here.
and all is true and all is a waiting... for the true... for the true...
grandfather says that that happy city was swallowed by an earthquake... and that it has slept under the sea for centuries.
it comes out of the water once a month and for very a short time... when the morning star regrets to have to leave the earth... and stops and contemplates it.
for the last few months my only contact with the world
has been this unknown neighbour of mine, who always answers to me with the same music.
this suspect pain... my stubbornness to want to learn, to want to know... then the darkness... the silence around me... the silence.
all made me believe that before the end of winter with the ethereal silhouettes of the boats, and their sudden breakthroughs in the sky,
"i'm writing to you in front of the sea, motionless, stunned.
"in the house you can feel the hot milk and the humid jasmine.
sélim started screaming... because i didn't know it and started walking.
"there are hidden bombs there, bonehead! " - he tells me.
he was greek... but he grew up and lived in italy.
one day, he learned that the greek... who were under the ottoman, had put on their weapons to conquer back their freedom.
sing the revolution, cry over the dead invoke the lost face of freedom.
the following day, he took a boat in venice and went back to greece, in zante... his island.
he recognised the faces, the colours, the perfumes... his house... but he didn't know the language.
he wanted to sing the revolution, but he couldn't speak his mother's language.
then he started going through the popular districts... the fields, the fishermen's villages, noting the words that he heard,
and paying for those that he heard for the first time.
my language, when i could find the lost words... or bring the forgotten words out of the silence.
why only at that very moment... could i hear the echo of my own footsteps in the house?
trembling with dew, the last star before the dawn announced a radiant sun.
no trace either of clouds or mist in the endless sky.
all made me believe that before the end of winter... with the ethereal silhouettes of the boats and their sudden breakthroughs in the sky
with the lovers along the promenade, in the declining sun, and the hypocritical promise of the spring,
only two people, nikos and me, in that huge house... damaged by the earthquake and surrounded by buildings.
we walked hand in hand along the banks of the lake.
he was greek... but he grew up and lived in italy.
one day, he learned that the greek... who were under the ottoman, got their weapons to earn their freedom.
the following day, he took a boat from venice... and went back to greece, in zakynthos... his island.
he recognised the faces, the colours, the perfumes... his house... but he couldn't speak the language.
he wanted to sing for the revolution, but he couldn't speak his mother's language.
then he started going through the popular districts... the fields, the fishermen's villages, writing down the words that he heard, and paying for those that he heard for the first time.
he wrote more poems of course... among which a very long, incomplete one, that he called "the free besieged".
he spent the rest of his life trying to finish it.
my own language, when i could find the lost words... or bring the forgotten words out of silence.
why only then i could hear the echo of my own footsteps in the house?
the last cool star of dawn was... foretelling the brightest sunshine;
no cloud, no drift of mist was travelling across any part of the sky.
all made me believe that before the end of winter with the ethereal silhouettes of the boats, and their sudden breakthroughs in the sky,
with the lovers along the promenade, in the declining sun, and the hypocritical promise of the spring,
only two people, nikos and me, in that immense house... damaged by the earthquake and surrounded by buildings.
we walked hand in hand along the banks of the lake.
from a bag to another, you arrive to a bare plateau.
sélim started screaming... because i didn't know it and started walking.
one day, he learned that the greek... who were under the ottoman, had put on their weapons to conquer back their freedom.
then inside he felt his lost country, the years of his childhood on the island,
the following day, he took a boat in venice and went back to greece, in zante... his island.
he recognised the faces, the colours, the perfumes... his house... but he didn't know the language.
he wanted to sing the revolution, but he couldn't speak his mother's language.
then he started going through the popular districts... the fields, the fishermen's villages, noting the words that he heard,
of course, he also wrote other poems... among which a very long, incomplete one that he called "the free besieged".
he spent the rest of his life trying to finish it.
all i can see is the sea, now, the endless sea.
in the night i saw my mother in front of her door, in tears.
why, when i felt at home... only when i could speak my own language?
my language, when i could find the lost words... or bring the forgotten words out of the silence.
no trace either of clouds or mist in the endless sky.
the breath of the breeze was so soft to the face that it seemed to whisper to the petals of my heart,
all made me believe that before the end of winter with the ethereal silhouettes of the boats, and their sudden breakthroughs in the sky,
with the lovers along the promenade, in the declining sun, and the hypocritical promise of the spring,
only two people, nikos and me, in that immense house... damaged by the earthquake and surrounded by buildings.
we walked hand in hand along the banks of the lake.
from a bag to another, you arrive to a bare plateau.
sélim started screaming... because i didn't know it and started walking.
one day, he learned that the greek... who were under the ottoman, had put on their weapons to conquer back their freedom.
then inside he felt his lost country, the years of his childhood on the island,
the following day, he took a boat in venice and went back to greece, in zante... his island.
he recognised the faces, the colours, the perfumes... his house... but he didn't know the language.
he wanted to sing the revolution, but he couldn't speak his mother's language.
then he started going through the popular districts... the fields, the fishermen's villages, noting the words that he heard,
of course, he also wrote other poems... among which a very long, incomplete one that he called "the free besieged".
he spent the rest of his life trying to finish it.
all i can see is the sea, now, the endless sea.
in the night i saw my mother in front of her door, in tears.
why, when i felt at home... only when i could speak my own language?
my language, when i could find the lost words... or bring the forgotten words out of the silence.
no trace either of clouds or mist in the endless sky.
the breath of the breeze was so soft to the face that it seemed to whisper to the petals of my heart,
my language, when i could find the lost words... or bring the forgotten words out of the silence.
why only at that very moment... could i hear the echo of my own footsteps in the house?
trembling with dew, the last star before the dawn announced a radiant sun.
no trace either of clouds or mist in the endless sky.
so do me a favour by keeping your cupid ass outta my love life.
i don't know if the family business will survive without your patronage but we're gonna give it a shot.
trevor found this totally authentic gyro stand and i told him we'd check it out.
for someone with a boyfr as pliable as yours, you spend an awful lot of time with this guy and a less secure man could get jealous.
how long is it going to take you to clean up and get out of here?
i mean, it's a little cold to skinny dip, but maybe we could... you know.
the kappa alpha males back there are getting very clingy with their pitcher...
so, i--i can't... there's no way of telling how long i'll be here.
are you concerned that sexual frequency will subside in a long term relationship?
no, i'm worried that i didn't get enough during the first year.
ah, and when forced to choose an actual digit of new relationship sexual frequency, our relationship expert said...?
well, i don't like the word "average", but in a new relationship i'd guess... eight maybe ten times a week wouldn't be too much of a stretch.
wait a minute, i thought your ticket home depended on true love not just one night stands.
the way to a man's heart has very little to do with his stomach.
i bet the observation deck at the sears tower is still open.
for introspection or this just a veiled threat to throw yourself off?
ahem, my lady, i humbly request the honour of your presence at my table tomorrow evening.
i would be pleased should you find yourself at liberty to attend.
sparky and i were just about to be in the middle of something, so...
you know, i read your article today about the blind woman that won the lottery.
people lie, people forget their friends, people break the hippocratic oath.
all right, you see cameron diaz in a keg line, what's the first thing you do?
should i lob self-deprecating, set-up lines to you, or would you prefer just to riff on your own.
you know what, you've given me more than enough material, but now that i've seen you naked, my repertoire has expanded, immensely.
i have found a lovely young lady with whom i feel a deep emotional connection.
not only will this scratch a very deep itch, it sets certain people's minds at ease on a number of issues.
two, regarding your call, i think it's a great thing, finding a girlfriend might be exactly what you need.
as for this cured thing, i'll believe it when i see it.
jimmy had that business be in number two car, you know it.
yeah, and check the race in last time, i should be top right.
brinkman was worring that r.j. was going to take over the number one car.
how was he supposed to know that jimmy was going to be behind that wheel that day?
if he knew he was still alive, then i would be in more danger than anyone.
i suggest you check your home phone for bugs... and let go of me.
brinkman was worried that r.j. was going to take over the number one car.
how was he supposed to know thatjimmy was going to be behind the wheel that day?
i want you to know that no matter what you did- what we did- i never blamed you.
i think that together we robbed jarod of his life... and for that we will be judged.
he's still more than a full second off the track record.
took you five years to find this kind of speed, r.j.
i could have gone faster, but my foot slipped off the gas pedal during turn four.
so, hot shot, where'd you learn to drive a race car?
jimmy had the throttle wide open when he hit the wall.
well, i love my brother, but he doesn't know his limits.
i want you and jarod to let nigel draft behind your cars.
block out the leader so he can gain track position, okay?
otherwise, they find another team... and you go back to crushing junk with monster trucks.
which means driving smart, not like that loose cannon little brother of yours.
yeah, and he's always encouraged them to compete against each other.
the winter when jimmy was seven, grant took him and r.j. out to a cabin... made them each chop a cord of wood... told them the winner would get a brand-new odekirk fishing knife... the kind with all the attachments.
now, there's no way a couple of kids can cut all that wood.
and grant knew that, but he left them out there alone in the cold.
you wouldn't happen to have a small screwdriver or a set of pliers, would you?
somebody broke the lock on the garage door and stole all the pliers last night.
it shows you letting nigel brinkman into the number two car garage.
brinkman was worried that r.j. was going to take over the number one car.
i'm going to stay here and take care of both of you.
jack has full-blown chicken pox, and you have half-blown chicken pox.
the american broadcasting company, the number one network alphabetically in the world.
how would you like to come to hollywood and be on television?
he's going to be playing the role of the long-lost brother.
he's come all the way from philadelphia to try out, so let's make him feel welcome.
are we supposed to believe there are only 9 students in the whole class?
well, actually, camera angles will make it appear to be more.
but what you have to understand is that what comes easily goes just as easily.
i mean, if you want to be an actor badly enough, you have to take classes, study for years, face rejection on a daily basis, and then after 10,000 nos, there might be a glimmer of a chance
you know, he used to tell me how wonderful you were.
but guys always say great things about their girlfriends until they break up.
you know, i just came here to tell you that you are an unappreciative little jerk, and if you're so uncomfortable around me that we can't be friends now that i'm not seeing cory, then maybe we were never really friends at all.
and i want you to tell me that to my face.
let's just feel awkward with the other people we're gonna date and break up with.
with the other people we're gonna date and break up with.
dear sally, i don't blame new york, i love new york,
dear sally, i don't blame new york, i love new york,
but something happened the other day that was very new york,
but something happened the other day that was very new york,
first of all, the only times ben and i hung out
first of all, the only times ben and i hung out was when i was helping him with assignments, was when i was helping him with assignments,
every great business idea i've had over the last four years...
every great business idea i've had over the last four years... ..went into that book.
they're showing it at the film society as a halloween special.
they're showing it at the film society as a halloween special.
i wanted to come by and see that you were ok.
i wanted to come by and see that you were ok.
for not getting mad at me when i spilled coke all over you.
for not getting mad at me when i spilled coke all over you.
when she started talking like the priest's mother, it was like,
when she started talking like the priest's mother, it was like, oh, my god, forget it.
"l was a child and she was a child in this kingdom by the sea"'
"but we loved with a love that was more than a love"'
"but we loved with a love that was more than a love"'
"we loved with a love that was more than a love"'
i don't know how i'm gonna tell my mom about that necklace.
my grandmother gave it to her when she was 1 3.
my grandmother gave it to her when she was 1 3.
when i turned 1 3, my mom gave it to me.
when we were lying there on the floor, i didn't see my whole life,
when we were lying there on the floor, i didn't see my whole life, but i had these stupid concerns, but i had these stupid concerns,
or if i died, i definitely wouldn't get that job at dean deluca.
or if i died, i definitely wouldn't get that job at dean deluca.
or how i'd never know what i got on my chem lab.
or how i'd never know what i got on my chem lab.
we were going to go through mug shots and get something to eat,
we were going to go through mug shots and get something to eat,
we even talked about going to central park, but he didn't show,
we even talked about going to central park, but he didn't show,
she's married to a guy who's not afraid of electricity, which is nice.
she's married to a guy who's not afraid of electricity, which is nice.
i mean, i've never felt so lost in every conceivable way before.
i mean, i've never felt so lost in every conceivable way before.
i think we need to forget about ben for the moment and focus on you.
i think we need to forget about ben for the moment and focus on you.
before you let yourself get caught up in the drama of the moment,
before you let yourself get caught up in the drama of the moment, you gotta know you're going to be fine.
obsessed over a guy who, it turns out, is just a guy,
and what i really need to do is just let it go,
the detective said that the odds of catching anyone are pretty small.
the detective said that the odds of catching anyone are pretty small.
it reminded me that it's something i really need to do,
it reminded me that it's something i really need to do,
dear sally, i don't blame new york, i love new york,
but something happened the other day that was very new york,
it was, like, "there is a real person pointing a real gun at me"'
it was, like, "there is a real person pointing a real gun at me"'
for a woman, having a gun pointed at you is a whole different thing.
for a woman, having a gun pointed at you is a whole different thing.
ben and i have to go down to the police station,
ben and i have to go down to the police station, go through some mug shots.
then i stayed up all night with a guy who i've liked for a long time, so...
then i stayed up all night with a guy who i've liked for a long time, so...
i could get a skeleton, a pumpkin, a ghost, but i get a witch.
i could get a skeleton, a pumpkin, a ghost, but i get a witch.
the make-up guy, dick smith, he's a mentor to the famous make-up guys.
the make-up guy, dick smith, he's a mentor to the famous make-up guys.
"l was a child and she was a child in this kingdom by the sea"'
"l was a child and she was a child in this kingdom by the sea"'
"but we loved with a love that was more than a love"'
"but we loved with a love that was more than a love"'
"we loved with a love that was more than a love"'
"we loved with a love that was more than a love"'
my mom made the shell out of cardboard and green felt.
my mom made the shell out of cardboard and green felt.
he had to go buy a new stereo, though, cos they took the old one.
he had to go buy a new stereo, though, cos they took the old one.
i don't know how i'm gonna tell my mom about that necklace.
i don't know how i'm gonna tell my mom about that necklace.
my grandmother gave it to her when she was 1 3.
my grandmother gave it to her when she was 1 3.
when i turned 1 3, my mom gave it to me.
when i turned 1 3, my mom gave it to me.
or if i died, i definitely wouldn't get that job at dean deluca.
or how i'd never know what i got on my chem lab.
we were going to go through mug shots and get something to eat,
we even talked about going to central park, but he didn't show,
i'm sorry and embarrassed, and you have every right to be...
i'm sorry and embarrassed, and you have every right to be...
next time you need a friend at 2am, call the pink power ranger.
next time you need a friend at 2am, call the pink power ranger.
if i want to make out with a power ranger, a ghost or a cheerleader,
if i want to make out with a power ranger, a ghost or a cheerleader,
obsessed over a guy who, it turns out, is just a guy,
obsessed over a guy who, it turns out, is just a guy,
and what i really need to do is just let it go,
and what i really need to do is just let it go,
i mean, i don't even know if that's what she wants or not, so...
i mean, i don't even know if that's what she wants or not, so...
i was acting on this impulse, which normally i wouldn't have done.
i was acting on this impulse, which normally i wouldn't have done.
i came here today because i wanted to apologise for being such a jerk.
i came here today because i wanted to apologise for being such a jerk.
for some stupid reason, i have a hard time letting people...
for some stupid reason, i have a hard time letting people...
"the highest truth on the subject remains unsaid probably cannot be said.
for all that we say is the far-off remembering of the intuition... "
"you knew there would always be a spring as you knew the river would flow again after it was frozen.
when the cold rains kept on and killed the spring it was as though a young person had died for no reason. "
all right, let's see if we can just spend 5 minutes.
let's see if we can just stand still together for 5 minutes.
then how come you're hanging around my room all the time?
i'm the only one with his ass hanging out of his dress.
person 10: "when a woman decides to sleep with a man..."
old man: "you knew there would always be a spring as you knew the river would flow again after it was frozen.
if you'd known this was going to happen would you have done it?
i would rather have had one breath of her hair one kiss of her mouth one touch of her hand than an eternity without it.
for all that we say is the far-off remembering of the intuition... "
"...she begins to pull away from the awareness she had once.... "
she wants me to tell her that her husband is going to be okay and that i have every confidence and i don't.
and after all this time, and after all this work i suddenly have this feeling that none of this is in my hands.
all right, let's see if we can just spend 5 minutes.
let's see if we can just stand still together for 5 minutes.
if you'd known this was going to happen would you have done it?
i would rather have had one breath of her hair one kiss of her mouth one touch of her hand than an eternity without it.
"the highest truth on the subject remains unsaid probably cannot be said.
for all that we say is the far-off remembering of the intuition... "
"you knew there would always be a spring as you knew the river would flow again after it was frozen.
when the cold rains kept on and killed the spring it was as though a young person had died for no reason. "
all right, let's see if we can just spend 5 minutes.
let's see if we can just stand still together for 5 minutes.
then how come you're hanging around my room all the time?
i'm the only one with his ass hanging out of his dress.
for all that we say is the far-off remembering of the intuition..."
"...she begins to pull away from the awareness she had once..."
then how come you're hanging around my room all the time?
i'm the only one with his ass hanging out of his dress.
you just make up your mind to do it and you do it.
you wake up all smelly, and aching from head to toe and hungrier than you've ever been only you have no idea what hunger is or any of that stuff so it's all real confusing and painful, but very, very good.
all right, let's see if we can just spend five minutes.
let's see if we can just stand still for five minutes and be together.
then how come you're hanging around my room all the time?
i'm the only one with his ass hanging out of his dress.
you just make up your mind to do it and you do it.
you wake up all smelly and aching from head to toe... and hungrier than you've ever been... only you have no idea what hunger is or any of that stuff... so it's all real confusing and painful, but very, very good.
"the highest truth on the subject remains unsaid probably cannot be said.
for all that we say is the far-off remembering of the intuition... "
"you knew there would always be a spring as you knew the river would flow again after it was frozen.
when the cold rains kept on and killed the spring it was as though a young person had died for no reason. "
then how come you're hanging around my room all the time?
i'm the only one with his ass hanging out of his dress.
you just make up your mind to do it and you do it.
you wake up all smelly, and aching from head to toe and hungrier than you've ever been only you have no idea what hunger is or any of that stuff so it's all real confusing and painful, but very, very good.
"the highest truth on the subject remains unsaid probably cannot be said.
for all that we say is the far-off remembering of the intuition... "
"you knew there would always be a spring as you knew the river would flow again after it was frozen.
when the cold rains kept on and killed the spring it was as though a young person had died for no reason. "
she wants me to tell her that her husband is going to be okay and that i have every confidence and i don't.
and after all this time, and after all this work i suddenly have this feeling that none of this is in my hands.
then how come you're hanging around my room all the time?
i'm the only one with his ass hanging out of his dress.
you just make up your mind to do it and you do it.
you wake up all smelly, and aching from head to toe and hungrier than you've ever been only you have no idea what hunger is or any of that stuff so it's all real confusing and painful, but very, very good.
"the highest truth on the subject remains unsaid probably cannot be said.
for all that we say is the far-off remembering of the intuition..."
"you knew there would always be a spring as you knew the river would flow again after it was frozen.
when the cold rains kept on and killed the spring it was as though a young person had died for no reason."
she wants me to tell her that her husband is going to be okay and that i have every confidence and i don't.
and after all this time, and after all this work i suddenly have this feeling that none of this is in my hands.
all right, let's see if we can just spend 5 minutes.
let's see if we can just stand still together for 5 minutes.
if you'd known this was going to happen would you have done it?
i would rather have had one breath of her hair one kiss of her mouth one touch of her hand than an eternity without it.
for all that we say is the far-off remembering of the intuition..."
"...she begins to pull away from the awareness she had once..."
all right, let's see if we can just spend 5 minutes.
let's see if we can just stand still together for 5 minutes.
if you'd known this was going to happen would you have done it?
i would rather have had one breath of her hair one kiss of her mouth one touch of her hand than an eternity without it.
woman 2: "the highest truth on the subject remains unsaid probably cannot be said."
woman 3: "not knowing how to react to this confinement she begins to pull away from the awareness she had once exposed through her recognition of external realities."
old man'. "you knew there would always be a spring as you knew the river would flow again after it was frozen.
when the cold rains kept on and killed the spring it was as though a young person had died for no reason."
she wants me to tell her that her husband is gonna be okay that i have every confidence and i don't.
and after all this time, and after all this work i suddenly have this feeling that none of this is in my hands.
all right, let's see if we can just spend five minutes.
let's see if we can just stand still for five minutes and be together.
then how come you're hanging around my room all the time?
i'm the only one with his ass hanging out of his dress.
if you'd known this was going to happen would you have done it?
i would rather have had one breath of her hair one kiss of her mouth one touch of her hand than an eternity without it.
"the highest truth on the subject remains unsaid probably cannot be said.
for all that we say is the far-off remembering of the intuition... "
"you knew there would always be a spring as you knew the river would flow again after it was frozen.
when the cold rains kept on and killed the spring it was as though a young person had died for no reason. "
all right, let's see if we can just spend 5 minutes.
let's see if we can just stand still together for 5 minutes.
then how come you're hanging around my room all the time?
i'm the only one with his ass hanging out of his dress.
person 10: "when a woman decides to sleep with a man..."
old man: "you knew there would always be a spring as you knew the river would flow again after it was frozen.
if you'd known this was going to happen would you have done it?
i would rather have had one breath of her hair one kiss of her mouth one touch of her hand than an eternity without it.
you just make up your mind to do it and you do it.
...so it's all real confusing and painful, but very, very good.
if you'd known this was going to happen would you have done it?
i would rather have had one breath of her hair one kiss of her mouth one touch of her hand than an eternity without it.
for all that we say is the far-off remembering of the intuition... "
"... she begins to pull away from the awareness she had once... "
all right, let's see if we can just spend 5 minutes.
let's see if we can just stand still together for 5 minutes.
if you'd known this was going to happen would you have done it?
i would rather have had one breath of her hair one kiss of her mouth one touch of her hand than an eternity without it.
"the highest truth on the subject remains unsaid probably cannot be said.
for all that we say is the far-off remembering of the intuition... "
"you knew there would always be a spring as you knew the river would flo w again after it was frozen.
when the cold rains kept on and killed the spring it was as though a young person had died for no reason. "
you just make up your mind to do it and you do it.
you wake up all smelly, and aching from head to toe...
"the highest truth on the subject remains unsaid probably cannot be said.
for all that we say is the far-off remembering of the intuition..."
"you knew there would always be a spring as you knew the river would flow again after it was frozen.
when the cold rains kept on and killed the spring it was as though a young person had died for no reason."
she wants me to tell her that her husband is going to be okay and that i have every confidence and i don't.
and after all this time, and after all this work i suddenly have this feeling that none of this is in my hands.
all right, let's see if we can just spend 5 minutes.
let's see if we can just stand still together for 5 minutes.
if you'd known this was going to happen would you have done it?
i would rather have had one breath of her hair one kiss of her mouth one touch of her hand than an eternity without it.
for all that we say is the far-off remembering of the intuition..."
"...she begins to pull away from the awareness she had once..."
then how come you're hanging around my room all the time?
i'm the only one with his ass hanging out of his dress.
you just make up your mind to do it and you do it.
you wake up all smelly, and aching from head to toe and hungrier than you've ever been only you have no idea what hunger is or any of that stuff so it's all real confusing and painful, but very, very good.
"the highest truth on the subject remains unsaid probably cannot be said.
for all that we say is the far-off remembering of the intuition... "
"you knew there would always be a spring as you knew the river would flow again after it was frozen.
when the cold rains kept on and killed the spring it was as though a young person had died for no reason. "
then how come you're hanging around my room all the time?
i'm the only one with his ass hanging out of his dress.
you just make up your mind to do it and you do it.
you wake up all smelly, and aching from head to toe and hungrier than you've ever been only you have no idea what hunger is or any of that stuff so it's all real confusing and painful, but very, very good.
"the highest truth on the subject remains unsaid probably cannot be said.
for all that we say is the far-off remembering of the intuition... "
"you knew there would always be a spring as you knew the river would flow again after it was frozen.
when the cold rains kept on and killed the spring it was as though a young person had died for no reason. "
she wants me to tell her that her husband is going to be okay and that i have every confidence and i don't.
and after all this time, and after all this work i suddenly have this feeling that none of this is in my hands.
then how come you're hanging around my room all the time?
i'm the only one with his ass hanging out of his dress.
you just make up your mind to do it and you do it.
you wake up all smelly, and aching from head to toe and hungrier than you've ever been only you have no idea what hunger is or any of that stuff so it's all real confusing and painful, but very, very good.
if you'd known this was going to happen would you have done it?
i would rather have had one breath of her hair one kiss of her mouth one touch of her hand than an eternity without it.
person 1 0: "when a woman decides to sleep with a man.... "
old man: "you knew there would always be a spring as you knew the river would flo w again after it was frozen.
then how come you're hanging around my room all the time?
i'm the only one with his ass hanging out of his dress.
no, not by me, and not by the dying or the delirious.
have you ever been seen... ln a diner once, a blind woman turned to me all of a sudden...
...as you knew the river would flow again after it was frozen.
...it was as though a young person had died for no reason. "
she wants me to tell her that her husband is gonna be okay that i have every confidence and i don't.
and after all this time, and after all this work i suddenly have this feeling that none of this is in my hands.
all right, let's see if we can just spend five minutes.
let's see if we can just stand still for five minutes and be together.
then how come you're hanging around my room all the time?
i'm the only one with his ass hanging out of his dress.
for all that we say... is the far-off remembering of the intuition..."
person 4: "...she begins to pull away from the awareness she had..."
all right, let's see if we can just spend 5 minutes.
let's see if we can just stand still together for 5 minutes.
then how come you're hanging around my room all the time?
i'm the only one with his ass hanging out of his dress.
if you'd known this was going to happen... would you have done it?
i would rather have had... one breath of her hair... one kiss of her mouth... one touch of her hand... than an eternity without it.
for all that we say is the far-off remembering of the intuition..."
"...she begins to pull away from the awareness she had once..."
then how come you're hanging around my room all the time?
i'm the only one with his ass hanging out of his dress.
you just make up your mind to do it and you do it.
you wake up all smelly, and aching from head to toe and hungrier than you've ever been only you have no idea what hunger is or any of that stuff so it's all real confusing and painful, but very, very good.
you just make up your mind to do it and you do it.
...so it's all real confusing and painful, but very, very good.
if you'd known this was going to happen would you have done it?
i would rather have had one breath of her hair one kiss of her mouth one touch of her hand than an eternity without it.
"the highest truth on the subject remains unsaid probably cannot be said.
for all that we say is the far-off remembering of the intuition... "
"you knew there would always be a spring as you knew the river would flo w again after it was frozen.
when the cold rains kept on and killed the spring it was as though a young person had died for no reason. "
you just make up your mind to do it and you do it.
you wake up all smelly, and aching from head to toe...
she wants me to tell her that her husband is gonna be okay that i have every confidence and i don't.
and after all this time, and after all this work i suddenly have this feeling that none of this is in my hands.
all right, let's see if we can just spend five minutes.
let's see if we can just stand still for five minutes and be together.
you just make up your mind to do it and you do it.
you wake up all smelly and aching from head to toe and hungrier than you've ever been only you have no idea what hunger is or any of that stuff so it's all real confusing and painful, but very, very good.
for all that we say... is the far-off remembering of the intuition..."
person 4: "...she begins to pull away from the awareness she had..."
[ maggie sings to herself ] 'cause band-aid's stuck on me
[ maggie talks to herself ] no dying now, mr. messinger... not until you give me seth's phone number.
[ maggie sings to herself ] i am stuck on band-aid brand
[ maggie sings to herself ] 'cause band-aid's stuck on me
all right, let's see if we can just spend 5 minutes.
let's see if we can just stand still together for 5 minutes.
then how come you're hanging around my room all the time?
i'm the only one with his ass hanging out of his dress.
if you'd known this was going to happen... would you have done it?
i would rather have had... one breath of her hair... one kiss of her mouth... one touch of her hand... than an eternity without it.
"the highest truth on the subject remains unsaid probably cannot be said."
"not knowing how to react to this confinement she begins to pull away from the awareness she had once exposed through her recognition of external realities."
"you knew there would always be a spring as you knew the river would flow again after it was frozen.
when the cold rains kept on and killed the spring it was as though a young person had died for no reason."
then how come you're hanging around my room all the time?
i'm the only one with his ass hanging out of his dress.
if you'd known this was going to happen would you have done it?
i would rather have had one breath of her hair one kiss of her mouth one touch of her hand than an eternity without it.
for all that we say is the far-off remembering of the intuition... "
"...she begins to pull away from the awareness she had once.... "
all right, let's see if we can just spend 5 minutes.
let's see if we can just stand still together for 5 minutes.
if you'd known this was going to happen would you have done it?
i would rather have had one breath of her hair one kiss of her mouth one touch of her hand than an eternity without it.
it melts ice and also makes wild animals lose their fear.
but can't stop me from wetting my pants around st. rock.
you'll shoe horses, hammer shares, fix axes like your grandpa and your dad.
i'll put all this shit out of your head and cool down your burning noggin.
in the name of the father, the son and the holy spirit.
in the name of the father, the son and the holy spirit.
but the january rising broke out, and jozef had to forget his machine.
his blacksmith's skills were much more useful now than his machine for projecting moving pictures.
i'll give a birth to a girl and call her hanutka.
and will tell her to bear a girl of the same name.
with the shadows of the bars lining my cell like paper,
i scratch out my soul across the walls and the floors
he came in today with a sebaceous cyst... which is a pocket of fluid... that's kind of like a pusy bath oil bead under your skin.
and you think it's solid, but if you take an instrument... and you pierce the core... and then you apply pressure with your thumb...
here's the irony of the show, kitty, the rich, safe guy is boring.
it's the poor, rugged one, played by the very talented nick nolte... who is so exciting.
you sure know how to show a girl a good time.
yeah, i don't color outside the lines often... but when i do, jump back, loretta.
i don't care when you ate, fez, get in the pool now.
if i get a cramp, it will be on your head.
we came here to have a party... and as god is my witness, there will be a party!
nope, i haven't sold a keg all day, but a young guy did come in for a tap.
and he says, "does the rich lady need any help around the house?"
and i say, "i know a something that needs attending to...
you know, this is as much fun to make... as it is to eat.
you know, speaking of which, how do you get bob to play those games?
he came in today with a sebaceous cyst... which is a pocket of fluid... that's kind of like a pusy bath oil bead under your skin.
and you think it's solid, but if you take an instrument... and you pierce the core... and then you apply pressure with your thumb...
here's the irony of the show, kitty, the rich, safe guy is boring.
it's the poor, rugged one, played by the very talented nick nolte... who is so exciting.
you sure know how to show a girl a good time.
yeah, i don't color outside the lines often... but when i do, jump back, loretta.
i don't care when you ate, fez, get in the pool now.
if i get a cramp, it will be on your head.
we came here to have a party... and as god is my witness, there will be a party!
nope, i haven't sold a keg all day, but a young guy did come in for a tap.
and he says, "does the rich lady need any help around the house?"
and i say, "i know a something that needs attending to...
you know, this is as much fun to make... as it is to eat.
you know, speaking of which, how do you get bob to play those games?
folks, if you've been watching csc's continuing coverage of desmond cor ey's assault on mount ever est, you'll want to set your alarms tomorrow.
2:00 a.m. eastern or ther eabout is when cor ey's team is expected to be sending back the first live-video f ootage.
well, ther e's nothing wrong with music, and montgomery obviously does have some, but this is about prioritizing.
i don't think the world is suff ering f rom a lack of quality symphony orchestras.
i hear the air gets pr etty thin up near the juice bar.
you know, mock me if you must, but i hold in my heart what f ew men possess.
how much f urther outside do you want me to go?
i want you to look at something that's not on a television scr een.
about 20 times as many die of heart disease, but the government doesn't spend as much money r esearching those.
it's not that we shouldn't be trying to cur e aids.
they walked up a wall of ice and ar e pr eparing to knock on the door of heaven itself.
ther e's r eally no end to what we can do.
some of them die f rom something called "cer ebral edema."
that's a high-altitude sickness that leaves its victims so disoriented they literally can't save themselves.
if i could do it right now, bef or e i r eally had anything to live f or.
what, you don't think you have anything to live f or?
i r each into my pocket and give them whatever i've got.
you'r e not af raid they'r e gonna spend it on booze?
the lights went out, and this woman with a voice like thunder -- this woman, she summons all the animals of the jungle to appear and honor the birth of the new lion king.
she summons the animals with her voice, and do you know -- do you know what happens next?
that's all for this edition of "sports night, " but don't go too f ar.
casey and i will be back at 2:00 a.m. to throw it to our team in nepal f or f ull coverage of the ever est summit.
before they'll climb the mountain, the sherpas perf orm a prayer cer emony, or puja, in which they ask the gods f or permission to climb so close.
maybe we shouldn't be trying to climb so close, jer emy.
one in f our people have died trying to get up ther e.
yeah, but mor e people try to get up ther e each year than the year bef or e.
the ancient mariners used to think that if they sailed to the end of the ocean, they'd f all into a fiery pit of dragons.
aviators thought that if they broke the sound barrier, their planes would blow apart.
it's helpf ul to know that the summit of ever est is much smaller than you probably imagined, r eally no bigger than the top of a dining room table.
what can you tell us about the flags that ar e behind you?
these ar e prayer flags, dan, left by diff er ent climbers and sherpas.
the diff er ent flags signify the diff er ent deities.
i got to keep an eye on this monitor her e.
i don't know if you can see, but ther e ar e two guys that ar e about to r each the peak of mount ever est.
something that happens today-- something that only i can control-- causes it.
xena, what makes you think that it's all up to you?
- i have to fight out more about casca and save him.
then these two guys will have no reason to go after one another.
the first day-- everything seems normal-- well, excepting that joxer gets killed.
the next day, i fix that, and then argo gets killed.
'the day will repeat,' he said, 'until a hero comes who can fix everything.'-- save hermia, save me, and end this pointless feud.
so, when you saw me in the village, why didn't you ask for help?
actually, what i wanted to say was, "we have nothing to fear but poverty,"
but my advisers told me i should come up with something a little punchier.
have you ever had to read an essay in front of a high school assembly?
well, no, but i did overcome polio to become the leader of the free world, and i carried this country through the biggest economic crisis in its history.
and i faced the forces of totalitarianism in the gravest conflict in recorded time.
but you never had to read an essay in front of a high school assembly?
zelda balances this chequebook every month, and i've never seen her in a homicidal rage.
well, if you feel like killing someone, might i suggest zelda?
if your paper isn't presented, you'll be kicked out of the academy.
do you think you can pull yourself together to give it?
now all you have to do is get the shadow through the closet and into the other realm.
well, how do i get it into the house and keep everyone else out?
- it starts with kind of a triangular symbol, and then i-
- i guess the scientific term for what comes next would be the thingy.
hilda, why don't you sit here and occupy yourself while i talk to the nice nobel laureates.
well, you came here to hear me read my paper, so let's get right to it.
all you have to do is walk through that door and face your ultimate and final fear.
if you find my nervous system anywhere around, i'd like it back.
"in the beginning there was the word, but in order to mark when the beginning was, we needed numbers.
making math as big a part of life as language, although not quite as big as tv."
mrs. quick read my essay, "how math applies to real life."
she liked it so much, she wants me to read it in front of math class.
you just have to learn to live with it and deal with it.
that is good advice, but not what i wanted to hear.
actually, what i wanted to say was, "we have nothing to fear but poverty,"
but my advisers told me i should come up with something a little punchier.
have you ever had to read an essay in front of a high school assembly?
well, no, but i did overcome polio to become the leader of the free world, and i carried this country through the biggest economic crisis in its history.
and i faced the forces of totalitarianism in the gravest conflict in recorded time.
but you never had to read an essay in front of a high school assembly?
if your paper isn't presented, you'll be kicked out of the academy.
do you think you can pull yourself together to give it?
- it starts with kind of a triangular symbol, and then i-
- i guess the scientific term for what comes next would be the thingy.
all you have to do is walk through that door and face your ultimate and final fear.
if you find my nervous system anywhere around, i'd like it back.
"in the beginning there was the word, but in order to mark when the beginning was, we needed numbers.
making math as big a part of life as language, although not quite as big as tv."
♪ the line that you draw when you draw me near ♪
♪ i want, i want, i want, i want, i want ♪
♪ i said if i'm in luck i just might get picked up ♪
♪ i said i'm fishin' trick and you can call it what you want then ♪
♪ if i'm looking real good maybe you might pick me up ♪
♪ or if i know what to say maybe you might pick me up ♪
♪ all i wanna do is just love you a little bit ♪
♪ so come on, say you will, say you will ♪
for once in your fucking life, you should have just kept your mouth shut.
- haven't we always said what we hate about the wogs is that they're gutless?
♪ the line that you draw when you draw me near ♪
♪ the line that you draw when you draw me near ♪
♪ the line that you draw when you draw me near ♪
♪ the line that you draw when you draw me near ♪
♪ oh if i'm walking like i should maybe you might pick me up ♪
♪ if i'm looking real good maybe you might pick me up ♪
♪ or if i know what to say maybe you might pick me up ♪
♪ if i met you tonight babe maybe you might pick me up ♪
♪ i said if i'm in luck maybe you might pick me up ♪
♪ all i wanna do is just love you a little bit ♪
♪ all i wanna do is just love you a little bit ♪
♪ i said if i'm in luck maybe you might pick me up ♪
♪ oh, if i'm in luck maybe you might pick me up ♪
♪ say you will, say you will, say you will baby ♪
we provoke by our actions, both negative and positive, irreversible upheavals.
our dinner will have consequences long after the table is cleared and we are dead.
by assuming i could be jealous, you implied we're an item.
i've been fighting it off since you started talking about us.
child, we have the yearly meeting of board of directors of gopal group.
you have to chair that meeting so that is why you have to go there.
your grandfather rose from footpath to establish such a big emoire.
i have been taking care of it for last 25 years..
..and if i don't reach on time then its director won't spare me.
but he is in your college so woo him or make any excuse.
you have food and then again you go in the evening.
what can i do if tap water comes after you leave?
and i am trying to get an extension for one year after retirement.
for last three months i am running after my boss like a dog.
i am repaying the value of those four breaths till today.
no, brahma, no i am not right for this love and faith.
i can bear any kind of problem when she is with me.
son, i think you did not understand what i am saying.
if instead of doing your business of utensils or nut and bolt..
..i want to become a director or journalist then can't i become.
sir, if he was a guest then he would had food and then gone.
plates have been laid on dining table but the food has not been eaten.
i just stole from his pocket and you are being strict.
if you have the powers then go and catch him who robs others during daytime.
you're a common mongrel that roams the street and always hungry.
your eyes feel like you see every girl around you as an opportunity.
feels like i've committed all my crimes in front of god.
that means i am not just a journalist to you, but something more.
feels like i've committed all my crimes in front of god.
that means i am not just a journalist to you, but something more.
..when the darkness has shed, and the light has risen from everywhere.
when i saw you after so long , it felt like..
lot of people forget their dreams in order to make a living.
some forget their dreams in order to fulfill their parent's dreams.
three days ago, a stock of pn7et was also stolen from a hospital in kowloon
both drugs are regularly used to treat mental patients suffering from illusionary problems
beyond the wire, armed force had always held down the peoples of the communist world.
in 1989, the wall was still intact, but there was a new mood in moscow.
by 1989, gorbachev was determined to loosen soviet control over the nations in the communist bloc.
gorbachev told the peoples of eastern europe that they had the right to choose their own futures.
gorbachev was convinced that when these countries got their freedom, they would choose socialism with a human face.
he believed they would not turn away from moscow, nor run off to the west.
communist leaders like east germany's erich honecker relied on soviet support to stay in power.
to imagine that the soviet union, after 40 years of alliances, would leave every socialist country to fend for itself and turn its back on them, as if there had never been a brotherly community this was unheard of.
a nameless grave in budapest hid the murdered leaders of the 1956 uprising.
now the government agreed to rehabilitate them, the dead and the living.
the reburial meant to us a reconciliation with our past and history.
it meant a new start, a fresh start, especially in the political side of our life and a renewal.
i refused to give to the home minister money in that year's budget for the renewal or the refurbishment of the old, old barbed wire system.
they said that the iron curtain was technically obsolete it didn't work as a barrier any more.
it was the first time that moscow had said anything like this to us.
the poles, like the hungarians, were breaking with the communist system.
now, in early 1989, the government opened round-table talks with solidarity.
the polish communists were prepared to share power, to discuss a shift towards democracy.
on one occasion we were having a meeting with him in his residence on the outskirts of bucharest.
he and his wife, raisa and myself, were having a discussion.
we heard that ceausescu of romania, jakes of czechoslovakia and honecker were organizing some sort of conspiracy.
they wanted to talk gorbachev into intervention against poland and hungary.
we did have some modest economic packages for both countries, but really... we did not want to kind of pump money down a rat hole either.
we wanted to be sure that the economic reforms, the moves towards free markets - those things were for real, that they were going to continue.
in hungary, bush was presented with a piece of barbed wire, a souvenir of hungary's dismantled iron curtain.
...we believe that the artificial, physical and spiritual wall still existing in the world some day shall collapse everywhere.
when i... was given this symbol of the end of the cold war.
on his wyoming ranch, james baker, bush's secretary of state, discovered a real friendship for eduard shevardnadze, the soviet foreign minister.
baker confirmed to shevardnadze that the united states would tread carefully in eastern europe and would not exploit soviet problems there.
what was achieved at jackson hole was, i think, a new atmosphere of trust.
everyone on the american side, as a matter of fact, felt it was very important that we... assist gorbachev and shevardnadze and the reformers in the soviet union in any way we could to arrive at a soft landing.
the cold war didn't have to end with a whimper it could have gone out with a bang.
already, in communist china, a surge of demands for human rights and democracy had ended in tragedy.
on tiananmen square, in beijing, tanks and troops had attacked peaceful demonstrators and slaughtered them.
erich honecker, in east germany, admired the chinese solution to political protest.
honecker refused to admit that anything was wrong with his own system.
then you withdrew into your home, with your friends, in your own private world.
you criticized society at home, but only among people you trusted.
there was a video camera installed in the building opposite us which was trained on our window.
every private word we said, every dispute about who had to do the dishes, every argument with the children was listened to and noted down.
in budapest, east germans besieged the west german embassy, demanding help to emigrate.
it was known that every german from the gdr who chose to live in freedom and democracy would get all possible support from us.
he trusted gorbachev not to block the deal with the hungarians.
the hungarians agreed to let the east germans cross to the west.
these ungrateful people who had run over to the 'other side.'
the refugees had been traveling from east germany to hungary in the hope of getting to the west.
i didn't want my child to grow up under that repression.
it wasn't just that we couldn't travel; it was small everyday things.
we knew there were many people inside waiting, but we weren't sure whether there would be police inside or even the state security police, the stasi.
we walked fearfully along the fence and then people from inside the embassy came up and said:
inside the embassy, the overcrowding and squalor grew worse day by day.
both german governments, east and west, were at their wits' end.
and i will never forget how they had to bend down to collect these documents, because the people threw their identity cards at their feet.
the feeling was, 'there's your card, you can't threaten me anymore.'
their last chance of reaching the west seemed to be vanishing.
within a few days, another 7,000 people had scrambled into the embassy gardens.
namely to drive young people to leave the country because they had no prospects.
that was a turning point, and people said, 'we still have hope.'
during the whole conversation they did not agree on a single thing.
as the leaders met at the closing reception, a plot was hatching against erich honecker.
on the afternoon of october 7, the entire square was cordoned off by the police.
it was the first time i saw the power of the police.
they stood in a phalanx with their helmets and shields and face masks.
and standing there right up to them we felt their force and violence.
alarmed, the soviet ambassador telephoned the commander of soviet forces in the region.
'i urge you to immediately order the troops to go back to the barracks.
'oh my goodness, now something is happening, and now finally we're starting to talk to each other.
and if we talk to each other we won't shoot at each other.
he couldn't find the words to speak to people because he only spoke the old party jargon.
by '89 many people, myself included, were no longer prepared to look for dialogue.
if you live in a system that is suppressive, you don't walk upright, you always go this way, with your head... down,
and now was a chance to walk upright and to show your face and to show the power of the people.
we tried many times to speak to our superiors, but nobody got back to us.
you have to bear in mind that our soldiers were fully armed on this day as always.
for me it was that i had relatives on the other side who couldn't come over.
when i remembered my aunt, and how i couldn't see her before she died, it made me so angry.
that ship will never make it back to deep space 9.
founder, there's no need for you to be involved in this petty dispute.
i still worship the founders, but their obsession with conquering the alpha quadrant is misguided.
it's time they learned to live in peace with the solids.
what you're saying about the war, about the founders, makes perfect sense.
i want to thank you, odo, for the way you stood up for me.
it's never happened to a weyoun before, but it does happen.
and speaking of treachery, there is still the little matter of the death of weyoun five.
i will not let all of our dreams for the future end in defeat just to spare the life of one shape-shifter.
i don't believe the jem'hadar would fire on odo, even if they were ordered to.
there are millions upon millions of worlds in the universe, each filled with too much of one thing and not enough of another.
the great continuum flows through them like a mighty river, from "have" to "want" and back again.
if we navigate the continuum with skill and grace, our ship will be filled with everything our hearts desire.
right now, i'd settle for a stabiliser and the captain's desk.
i take it this is also the result of your genetic programming?
it's the founders' way of making sure we remember our past.
but i have the feeling you're going to tell me all about it.
the vorta used to be quite different from what we are today.
that ship will never make it back to deep space 9.
founder, there's no need for you to be involved in this petty dispute.
i still worship the founders, but their obsession with conquering the alpha quadrant is misguided.
it's time they learned to live in peace with the solids.
what you're saying about the war, about the founders, makes perfect sense.
i want to thank you, odo, for the way you stood up for me.
it's never happened to a weyoun before, but it does happen.
and speaking of treachery, there is still the little matter of the death of weyoun five.
i will not let all of our dreams for the future end in defeat just to spare the life of one shape-shifter.
i don't believe the jem'hadar would fire on odo, even if they were ordered to.
the great continuum flows through them like a mighty river, from "have" to "want" and back again.
if we navigate the continuum with skill and grace, our ship will be filled with everything our hearts desire.
ah. i take it this is also the result of your genetic programming?
it's the founders' way of making sure we remember our past.
but i have the feeling you're going to tell me all about it.
the vorta used to be quite different from what we are today.
i sincerely regret any inconvenience we may have caused you, odo.
please have a safe and pleasant journey back to deep space 9.
that ship will never make it back to deep space 9.
founder, there's no need for you to be involved in this petty dispute.
i still worship the founders, but their obsession with conquering the alpha quadrant is misguided.
it's time they learned to live in peace with the solids.
what you're saying about the war, about the founders, makes perfect sense.
i want to thank you, odo, for the way you stood up for me.
it's never happened to a weyoun before, but it does happen.
and speaking of treachery, there is still the little matter of the death of weyoun five.
i will not let all of our dreams for the future end in defeat just to spare the life of one shape-shifter.
i don't believe the jem'hadar would fire on odo, even if they were ordered to.
the great continuum flows through them like a mighty river, from "have" to "want" and back again.
if we navigate the continuum with skill and grace, our ship will be filled with everything our hearts desire.
ah. i take it this is also the result of your genetic programming?
it's the founders' way of making sure we remember our past.
but i have the feeling you're going to tell me all about it.
the vorta used to be quite different from what we are today.
i sincerely regret any inconvenience we may have caused you, odo.
please have a safe and pleasant journey back to deep space 9.
my bar is empty, my waiters are bored and i'm losing money.
leave me alone or i'll feed you to a plasma conductor.
i don't want my crew getting queasy because the gravity keeps fluctuating.
the quartermaster said it would take three weeks to get a new stabiliser.
that ship will never make it back to deep space 9.
founder, there's no need for you to be involved in this petty dispute.
i still worship the founders, but their obsession with conquering the alpha quadrant is misguided.
it's time they learned to live in peace with the solids.
what you're saying about the war, about the founders, makes perfect sense.
i want to thank you, odo, for the way you stood up for me.
it's never happened to a weyoun before, but it does happen.
and speaking of treachery, there is still the little matter of the death of weyoun five.
i will not let all of our dreams for the future end in defeat just to spare the life of one shape-shifter.
i don't believe the jem'hadar would fire on odo, even if they were ordered to.
there are millions upon millions of worlds in the universe, each filled with too much of one thing and not enough of another.
the great continuum flows through them like a mighty river, from "have" to "want" and back again.
if we navigate the continuum with skill and grace, our ship will be filled with everything our hearts desire.
right now, i'd settle for a stabiliser and the captain's desk.
it's the founders' way of making sure we remember our past.
you must know the story of how the founders created the vorta.
in exchange for saving his life, the changeling promised the vorta that one day we would be transformed into powerful beings.
that we would become an important part of a great new empire that would stretch across the galaxy.
i sincerely regret any inconvenience we may have caused you, odo.
please have a safe and pleasant journey back to deep space 9.
there will be all-out war for three and a half hours, followed by a light lunch with your choice of merlot or chardonnay.
if you fail to select a wine, you will be assigned the pinot grigio.
even if you could get past the guards, the stompers'd pick you up again as soon as you hit the streets.
i've got some friends on the outside who can help us.
i've been in here a few more years than you have.
now, i didn't get this far by acting like a damn fool.
i had the dogs turned on me, the fire hoses, the tear gas.
now, don't tell me about sticking my head in the sand.
you've seen how beat-up these people are when they come in here.
what about the ones who don't even make it this far?
thanks to you, the r.p. s are trying to hunt me down like a mongrel.
so, gee, if there's anything i can do for you, just ask.
now, a good man died getting her out of that camp.
i'm willing to bet there's a lot of others out there like him that are willing to fight schick.
you think those migrants are gonna be able to stop him?
they're the reason why he's so popular in the first place.
you know, if angela asked me that in the middle of my graduation, i'd wet my gown, too.
girl, at our age, we are supposed to be having fun, not getting married.
well, i see no reason why they ever have to know.
well, if we're done talking about you, i've got some news.
i think you did a wonderful job, and i support you.
you know, and i really thought that we loved each other.
you know, she was shooting me nasty looks at dinner, and i almost didn't enjoy my pudding.
did you say anything to shawn about us, because i think he's been winking at me.
are you going to wish you could be doing the same thing?
well, it didn't faze me in high school, why should it faze me now?
cory, you had your heart set on this big, romantic wedding.
listen, topanga, i can't think of anything more romantic than sneaking off to a quiet little wedding chapel in the country.
we have to support cory and topanga and accept this marriage.
we can't push them out of our lives like we pushed them to elope.
but the point is, your advice came from a good place, but cory and topanga aren't in the first grade anymore.
they made their own decision, and i think they'll be fine because they've been well brought up.
now, the unveiling of my bikini will be wednesday night at 8:00.
i want everyone to have a fabulous time, but let's not lose sight of the true meaning of the event, which is to celebrate me.
you know, it's times like these when you realize just how many people you've touched.
yeah, mardi gras alone must have thrown you in the triple digits.
you staple some underwear to the wall, and suddenly you can charge 20 bucks for some chicken fingers.
i mean, i can't believe anyone gets suckered in by this ridiculous theme.
now, the unveiling of my bikini will be wednesday night at 8:00.
i want everyone to have a fabulous time, but let's not lose sight of the true meaning of the event, which is to celebrate me.
you know, it's times like these when you realize just how many people you've touched.
yeah, mardi gras alone must have thrown you in the triple digits.
hey, by the way, the smithsonian called for one of your miniskirts.
they want to use it as a rotating towel rag for the restroom.
i think i have an idea how to get you more adventure points.
i told you yesterday i'm not taking a bath with you.
or a niece who skates and wears tight leotards to win a gold medal?
or one who wants to be an actress and pretend to fornicate on-screen?
what is it about a lump with a nipple that makes a man risk his marriage, his business?
two guys are eating pizza, a 90-year-old walks by with huge breasts, they go, "check out those! "
as opposed to a nephew who wants to get fat so he can play football?
or a niece who skates and wears tight leotards to win a gold medal?
what is it about a lump with a nipple that makes a man risk his marriage, his business?
two guys are eating pizza, a 90-year-old walks by with huge breasts, they go, "check out those! "
didn't think you'd be into that stuff, had you down as a technofreak.
i like real music me, none o' that duh, duh, duh shit!
matt, don't know how to put this, but, are you like tested?
yeah i have, i go regularly as it happens, i like to know where i'm at.
if zkc do the business i think they will, we'll be laughing.
you never know, i might even find some extra cash to expand your club nights.
i seem to recall that jamie's was a bit of a schlong.?
yeah, i forgot you and he had a bit of a thing.
i'm what that place needs and you know how popular the one-nighters are.
this new burst of self confidence, would it have anything to do with that boy... you dragged kicking out of dennys?
yes well, the 'aye up' lads novelty value will soon expire.
i hope so, he's not as dumb as he looks though!
just your average queen trying hard to be something that he's not.
anyway give it another month and he'll have you in full leather.
so should i put the same crap up me nose as you?
back there all i wanted to do was lay one on that limp wristed tosser.
listen up craig, i got that job from sucking the right cocks, simple as that.
but i'm good at it and i'm not gonna fuck it up to be your nurse maid, understand?
cigarettes probably burning a hole in the upholstery as we speak.
still, we can get better acquainted at my party on saturday?
i want that tape on my desk at 9.30 tomorrow with a full explanation.
bit of a liability for someone who wants his own club, having a boyfriend who... goes mad every time he sets foot in one.
i didn't have me top on when he arrived, he kept looking at me.
well that probably earned you an extra 50 quid a week.
don't you get scared with some big geezer coming toward you?
nah, i just kick them in the stomach if i have to.
now, all the money you need is in here, in cash.
there's some half decent clothes in there, atlas is in the car, okay?
it's a piece of piss, come on i'll show you the car.
glroia's put you on the insurance, there won't be any grief if you get stopped.
you can't tell me it was necessary for him to go off straight away!
he was as happy as a boy with a new toy when he drove off and very keen to start work
there's just one proviso, you don't start 'till after the awards ceremony... and zkc's record is in the shops.
i also don't want any fuck ups on their tv debut.
i don't want to argue, but what's this fight all about?
i know the job fell through, but it's not the best way to get over that girl.
paula, what are you playing at, it's for craig to decide, not you!
you jealous bitch, i heard you ranting at him at the awards show.
you'll have to wait here though, they won't let you in.
look, if he don't want to talk to me, maybe i should go.
oh god yeah, the guitar track is great, the way it "stutters".
didn't think you'd be into that stuff, had you down as a technofreak.
one of these days you're not going to be fighting some old al'kie twice your age.
...you think minto will give a toss when you're a fuckin' wreck on the floor!
nah, i went out with dirty old men who had their own cars.
die the ones that suck your dick at the end of the beach have push-bikes.
you never know, i might even find some extra cash to expand your club nights.
and you could do a lot worse than spend you time with three gorgeous guys.
yeah, i forgot you and he had a bit of a thing.
hardly, just a couple of shags when he was collecting glasses in the white swan.
why take the carrot when you can have the donkey, hey?
i'm what that place needs and you know how popular the one-nighters are.
where the fuck have you been matt, the table was booked for 7.
must be hard for you trying to get me into your busy schedule.
matt's had pretend rough trade in the past... now he thinks he's got the real thing.
tell me about it, he likes football and he never puts the seat down on the loo!
he had the body of arnie, but the voice ofjulian clary.
just your average queen trying hard to be something that he's not.
but i'm good at it and i'm not gonna fuck it up to be your nurse maid, understand?
i'll help you get your shit sorted but it ain't happening if you carry on like this.
i'd like to stay and chat, but i've got something similar waiting in the car.
cigarettes probably burning a hole in the upholstery as we speak.
and how are you going to keep him occupied while your at work?
lock him up with a giant jigsaw puzzle and a bunch of bananas?
at least going off now you won't have to face 20 questions about last night.
i just want to tell matt it was all a mistake, i just got totally out of it...
but i do, and i've been at it a lot longer than you.
now, all the money you need is in here, in cash.
there's some half decent clothes in there, atlas is in the car, okay?
it's a piece of piss, come on i'll show you the car.
luis faxed me last week, wants to stay in gran canaria.
he's hooked up with some young latin hunk and his new bar has become a goldmine.
kelvin wangled zkc on by guaranteeing you, so unless you break both yer legs you're on!
we've got all of next week to get you in shape, try giving the charlie a rest.
me pathetic, do you really think that he'd have you dj at his club?
it's his favourite chat up line and er, do you wanna be in a pop video.
cos if you are i'll get security to throw you out.
or even better, do us all a favour and piss off!
you jealous bitch, i heard you ranting at him at the awards show.
well at least i'm not hanging round with people half my age...
had a bit of a barney with me girlfriend, i'm here till she calms down.
don't know what i should do now, i've come up from london.
this fight ain't gonna help you craig, you've got nothing to prove.
and i suppose matt thinks i'm doing it because of him!
brand told me things about you that he didn't have to tell me.
and he told them as a husband, not as a brother.
and you're sleeping in the spare room for the rest of your life.
and words like asshole and bitch are not to be uttered.
you had forgotten it for a while, but now you remember.
i did love you once, but you've turned into a bad person.
listen, you're forgetting, we still got lilith and iolaus in there?
we push these guys too far we don't know what they will do.
you should have told your friend that i mean what i say.
your aching body will be our safe ticket out of here.
a tourist charter in the aegean exploded killing all 23 passengers and crew.
we suspect these attacks are a response to our incineration of one of their locations six months ago.
is there anything else you'd like to tell me, mr. sherrin?
sherrin has provided intel to his freedom league contact, location and access of the nuclear research lab in lyons, france.
i put everything out of my mind even the things i didn't want to forget.
do you know that for three years all i did was dream about getting out of section?
for the next three days you'll be subjected to an intense debriefing.
you will cooperate with us because you know how things are done here.
a tourist charter in the aegean exploded, killing all 23 passengers and crew.
we suspect these attacks are a response... for our incineration of one of their locations six months ago.
they think she's been leaking intel, but that's hard to believe.
they could've gotten some mileage out of those receivers, but not for long.
for the next three days... you'll be subjected to an intense debriefing.
you will cooperate with us... because you know how things are done here.
central europe, homeland of people not civilized enough to ensure that violence and demagogy had disappeared.
a certain unemployed, failed painter had returned to his fatherland to annex it to the country where he was fuhrer.
would i be working in the midget circus if i were 160 cm tall, or even 158?
no, mr. haber, i'd be a dandy and spend time at zacher's looking at the shapely hips of beautiful ladies and not be asking stupid questions.
if you want to be taller, go see a cobbler or to an oculist and have him make an optical illusion.
i know one, dr. perlman, who's been in vienna for 20 years.
you want to jump from the frying pan into the fire.
i saw the doctor today and told him i had a cough.
i'm meeting the maid for a little roll in the hay.
i've been working on her for a week and she'd letting me in tonight.
gentlemen... headquarters has received the report of our needs for arms, medical supplies, spare parts for vehicles, etc.
we have the possibility of buying a lot of weapons and ammunition from a certain officer of the italian division moving from the eastern front and temporarily stationed in poland.
these are large amounts, and they require spending a lot of money, much more than the quartermaster has.
at the same time, intelligence reports that the germans have collected huge sums of money by robbing and exacting it from jewish communities.
according to our information their agents in switzerland have exchanged this fortune for gold.
together with gold from jews, they melted it all down into bars.
an axe, a hoe, a saw and a shovel buy an invalid a double
an axe, a hoe, a saw and a flick buy a double make it quick!
boys you're all volunteers who love their homeland and are ready to die for it.
i do too, but learn how to get your asses out of this war in one piece.
not only will your women benefit from it but so will our homeland.
because after the war, you have to make lots of sons to love it.
that's a lot better than a stupid death on some field of glory.
it's not we who must die in war, but our enemies.
they ought to be working instead of having that idiotic conversation.
it's from fear, they can't handle the tension of the moment.
however, maybe you could consider the money at the cashiers as my commission.
those are deposits of civilians and awkward for you to confiscate.
am i right in saying that these photographs are of yourselves?
no, no, this is tiffany, lisa's identical twin sister, posing with my identical twin, neil, for the identical twins garage calendar, 1998.
sorry, i seem to have mislaid my nut leaflet on behaving like a pope.
so you don't accept any responsibility for allowing these photographs to be taken?
why don't i pick up that chair you're sitting on and hit you very hard across the head with it?
then you can tell that story for the rest of your life.
wizards ruled over the forests with magic spells, potions and remedies.
godefroy, count of montmirail, returned from war with his squire, jacquasse the crass.
she mistook him for her cousin hubert, who has the ancestral nose.
but jacquart, jacquasse' descendant, denied any link with such an oaf.
jacquasse and godefroy met ginette, a hobo who mistook them for stuntmen.
but beatrice wrongly assumed that ginette also came from the middle ages.
by taking them into the future, and sending jacquart back to the past in the coat ginette had bought for him,
jacquasse the crass has left the corridors of time wide open.
sorry to bother you, but i need a drop of the potion you gave godefroy, my ancestor?
he left his servant and his wife here and took off with jacquart.
bewitched by a wicked witch, he mistook frenegonde's father for a bear and slew him with an arrow.
deserted by frenegonde, godefroy consulted the wizard eusabius, who tried sending godefroy through the corridors of time to the moment before the accident.
but jacquart, jacquasse' descendant, denied any link with such an oaf.
jacquasse and godefroy met ginette, a hobo who mistook them for stuntmen.
but beatrice wrongly assumed that ginette also came from the middle ages.
before godefroy returned to the past, he locked up sergeant gibbon and sedated him.
godefroy, mr. kass and dame ginette are from the middle ages.
i know you can be thick, but think in terms of the tv show "the x-files", which you hate and the kids love.
how thrilled am i, sire fulbert, that my son weddeth your sweet and gentle daughter.
i wanted her to weddeth a duke, but our fat king decided otherwise.
i am charged to send you back in time, so you can save the life of eusaebius, who is at this very moment... being horribly tortured.
i prepared the potion, following the recipe in my ancestor's book of spells.
wizards ruled over the forests with magic spells, potions and remedies.
godefroy, count of montmirail, returned from war with his squire, jacquasse the crass.
she mistook him for her cousin hubert, who has the ancestral nose.
but jacquart, jacquasse' descendant, denied any link with such an oaf.
jacquasse and godefroy met ginette, a hobo who mistook them for stuntmen.
but beatrice wrongly assumed that ginette also came from the middle ages.
by taking them into the future, and sending jacquart back to the past in the coat ginette had bought for him,
jacquasse the crass has left the corridors of time wide open.
sorry to bother you, but i need a drop of the potion you gave godefroy, my ancestor?
he left his servant and his wife here and took off with jacquart.
wizards ruled over the forests with magic spells, potions and remedies.
godefroy, count of montmirail, returned from war with his squire, jacquasse the crass.
she mistook him for her cousin hubert, who has the ancestral nose.
but jacquart, jacquasse' descendant, denied any link with such an oaf.
jacquasse and godefroy met ginette, a hobo who mistook them for stuntmen.
but beatrice wrongly assumed that ginette also came from the middle ages.
by taking them into the future, and sending jacquart back to the past in the coat ginette had bought for him,
jacquasse the crass has left the corridors of time wide open.
sorry to bother you, but i need a drop of the potion you gave godefroy, my ancestor?
he left his servant and his wife here and took off with jacquart.
bewitched by a wicked witch, he mistook frenegonde's father for a bear and slew him with an arrow.
deserted by frenegonde, godefroy consulted the wizard eusabius, who tried sending godefroy through the corridors of time to the moment before the accident.
but jacquart, jacquasse' descendant, denied any link with such an oaf.
jacquasse and godefroy met ginette, a hobo who mistook them for stuntmen.
but beatrice wrongly assumed that ginette also came from the middle ages.
before godefroy returned to the past, he locked up sergeant gibbon and sedated him.
godefroy, mr. kass and dame ginette are from the middle ages.
i know you can be thick, but think in terms of the tv show "the x-files", which you hate and the kids love.
we also have reason to believe that your late wife was engaged in extramarital relations with other men.
i can explore this with you now or in a much more public forum during your testimony.
and so her hmo stuck her on a plane and sent her to india to have it where she died on the table.
the reason she was sent to india was because it's cheaper.
the problem is that cindy potter didn't get to make that choice.
because when she signed on with wellness healthcare all the surgeries were done here.
now, i know it's not the defendant's fault that medical expenses are out of control here.
i don't blame the defendant that half of americans are uninsured.
so one day, i went to george, and i said, "i'll wrestle you for her."
why he agreed, i don't know, but within four seconds i flipped him on his back, sat on his head and he tapped out.
we had both read the book, the account of the soccer team on the plane that crashed in the andes.
the survivors had to eat some of the dead bodies so that they could continue to survive.
i'm just saying that what i did do was not contrary to his wishes.
i think the jury would like to know, why did you do it?
please deliver a verdict that says there is sanctity not just to the life of a human being but also the death.
a billion and a half christians routinely go to church on sundays and ceremoniously eat the body of christ, drink his blood.
but let's not carry on with the idea that the notion of cannibalism offends the sanctity of life.
it has roots not only in sacraments, not to be taken literally but also greek mythology.
let's face it, the only reason we're all here is because cannibalism makes for good tv.
what better to satiate pre-election hunger pangs than a bellyful of media attention?
i flipped her on her back and i sat on her head.
hope it was better for her than it was for me.
do you think you could ever bring yourself to eat me?
i mean, say we were on a desert island and i died and you were starving.
jon, have you ever started dating a woman, treated her very gently, took her to fine restaurants, opened doors for her, charmed her parents?
and you gave her some hugs, but you didn't even attempt to kiss her for a long time?
* our uniform's uno, a cappella was take 2 * * respect, do no commercial *
* i teach those, i've reached those * * higher heights, mikes, and def words of wisdom * * words of an architect's strike * * hype, the crowd down low, it's me *
oh, by the way, the network has bumped the wu-tang clan.
sweetheart, if you do this hitler sketch, you're gonna follow them right out the door.
to us wage-earner's investment funds is an essential part in the process of getting sweden...
the swedish consulate in london has given him work and residence permits.
now the english want us to check because this man died six years ago.
yet he showed his passport at arlanda airport a few days ago.
will shell companies' and their debts of millions make you happy?
we found a goalie in helsinki suffering from cancer with two weeks to live.
to us wage-earner's investment funds is an essential part in the process of getting sweden...
the swedish consulate in london has given him work and residence permits.
now the english want us to check because this man died six years ago.
yet he showed his passport at arlanda airport a few days ago.
your journey to the portal in manhattan will take approximately 10 minutes.
but what will be experienced by you is virtually instantaneous due to the effect of stasis on interdimensional mode.
the companions can take jamie's hearing away as easily as they gave it to him.
and they will take it away if anyone hears about this delay in the portals.
all it needs is some more components to grow into a full-blown cvi.
components that could be added during other trips through the "new york
at 8:30, which was walkin's last entry, notepad indicated that 4201 needed to be checked again.
according to security guidelines code 4201 only requires monitoring every hour.
interdimensional technology has been successfully introduced and the response of the humans to it has been overwhelming.
as the portal technology spreads it will make air travel increasingly redundant giving us access to million upon millions of human travelers.
it's also the reason why they helped young mr. sims with his hearing.
they certainly would want him to be able to effectively communicate all the wonders of the companions.
somebody has to go through the portal, and allow us to track them to the taelons' facility.
the traveler would have to be unknown to the taelons, but with the characteristic they seem to covet most...
you'll come out of the stasis on the other side of the portal.
the tracking device will be activated once you pass through the scanner.
i tried to return it to her but i didn't know what to say.
if you want, i'll right a letter to her from you.
i told him i needed new glasses and he gave me a pass.
if you don't tell me the truth, i can't help you.
why did you give him a pass if you thought he'd blab?
you're an astute man, but i didn't put smitty up to this.
during the ceremony, the german ambassador in spain held a speech.
he recognized the bombing on guernica for the first time... in which back then 2000 civilians died.
i've met the real otto, the pilot who rescued your grand dad.
it was a good thing that he rescued him and shared a cigaret with him.
i'm looking for someone of your age for the evening news.
excuse me... but i accidentally heard you making that phone call.
today in guernica a german delegation officially expressed their feelings of remorse to basque authorities.
during the ceremony, the german ambassador in spain held a speech.
but from time to time he calls me or visits me unexpectedly.
if you had acted like brother and sister... everything would be like it was.
you brother took that story so seriously that he became a pilot.
that's what we heard from someone who has flown with him.
if she wouldn't have stared like that, i would have kept running untill i had the ball.
or especially there, if the shoe of the guy hit the ball the right way... then i would have stayed on the field and i could have been on the goal.
during the ceremony, the german ambassador in spain held a speech.
he recognized the bombing on guernica for the first time... in which back then 2000 civilians died.
i've met the real otto, the pilot who rescued your grand dad.
it was a good thing that he rescued him and shared a cigaret with him.
places that do not yet exist and into which pain enters in order for them to exist.
i understand better why, earlier, i had such a hard time beginning.
now i know what voice i wish had come before me, had carried me, had invited me to speak and had lodged itself in my own discourse.
i know what was so intimidating about beginning to speak, because it is here where i heard him, and he is no longer here to hear me.
while divining nature's loneliest moment, let my whole and unique melody
rise in the evening, and increase, and do all it can, and say the thing that the thing is, and fall and rise again and cause pain.
oh, solo of sobs, and rise and fall according to its required task.
i sometimes hear men speak of the pleasure they took with this woman or that.
the time when, in the countryside, we were alert to dogs barking in the deep night.
when many-colored parachutes bearing weapons and cigarettes fell from the sky to clearings amid the glow of firelight.
enter, here, jean moulin, with his terrible cortege of those who died in basements without having talked, like you, and perhaps even worse, after having talked.
in a way, fear is the daughter of god redeemed on good friday night.
the life itself i'd like to blow out of proportion to make it admired or reduced to its basic elements for students and earth dwellers in general and spectators in particular -
the life itself i'd like to hold prisoner by means of pans of nature, fixed shots of death, long and short takes, loud and soft sounds, free and enslaved actors and actresses - but life thrashes about worse than nanouk's fish,
slips away like monica's memories in the red desert around milan.
all is eclipsed, and it so happens that the only big problem in cinema is where and why to start a shot and where and why to end it.
when we know how many deaths, not symbolic or simulated, but real ones, one life costs, we no longer care about meaning.
only a life filled to the bursting point gives meaning to life, irreducible to any meaning.
by living the combination of all the body's forces, life stops questioning itself and accepts itself as pure answer.
event that no longer needs to proclaim its assent to itself to become the greatest of assents.
nothing can comprehend this relation of the body to the world.
the degree zero of the other is posited when we utter the word "man".
these beasts in the hell of drunkenness and massacres must be doted with a recklessness unequalled in europe.
these people, capable of anything like cruel children and asleep in terrible impotence,
i need a day to tell the history of a second.
i need a year to tell the history of a minute.
i need a life to tell the history of an hour.
i need an eternity to tell the history of a day.
we can do everything except the history of what we are doing.
it is my privilege to film and live in france as an artist.
nothing like a country that every day walks further down the path of its own inexorable decline.
nothing better than an ever more provincial country run by a rotating crew of the same incompetents, dishonest, corrupted by their support of a permanently and totally corrupt regime.
what is better than living in a land where justice is a bazaar?
what artist wouldn't dream of a such nation, the world's fourth economic power, they say.
the totalitarianism of the present as applied mechanically every day more oppressive on a planetary scale.
this faceless tyranny that effaces all faces for the systematic organization of the unified time of the moment.
this global, abstract tyranny which i try to oppose from my fleeting point of view.
because i try, because i try in my compositions to show an ear that listens to time.
i cannot be the enemy of our times because its task is to abolish time.
i do not see in this state that a life is worth living.
the only thing that survives from one epoch is the art from it created.
no activity can become an art until its proper epoch has ended.
now, we have been given the task of cutting off one of their pipelines... to the international arms community.
the man you picked up at the warehouse has given us the identity... of the primary buyer inside the rebel faction.
he is now awaiting the arrival of a significant cache of weapons.
if the deal is consummated... it's going to be nearly impossible to prevent the government from falling.
i've got a coup attempt in the balkans... a missing warhead in eastern europe... and a hostage situation in the azores.
is there something about these keyboards... you feel will assist me in any way in these operations?
troop movements, location of weapons stockpile... identities of our informers, anything you want.
you're not even prepared to die for what you believe in.
the destabilized rebel force... is in the process of a violent and comprehensive ethnic cleansing.
now, we have been given the task of cutting off one of their pipelines... to the international arms community.
as soon as you get what you want, you'll get out of here.
why would anyone want to stick around here a second longer than they had to?
folks just like you and me, who claim to have been abducted.
remote viewers, out-of-body travelers, and a man who claims that he is the reincarnation of nostradamus,
yes, folks, thanks to you, lipschitz live "is now" the most watched show in the history of television.
beamed to our armed forces abroad, to the research teams at the south pole, and to those hard-working guys aboard the crippled space station mir,
but that's really about the only thing i can think of.
i mean, everybody just kind of sits around and watches old, you know,
and aren't they an added burden to our already weighted down welfare system?
you want to find out, you stay tuned "to" lipschitz live.
but, i mean, there's some, you know, there's some educational stuff.
oh, did you know that you can cut your hair with a vacuum cleaner now?
all right, well, let's see, he got his name as a reporter for inm during the war with guam.
which we, you know, we kicked their butts, by the way.
when i married your mother, you became heir-apparent to the infinicorp dynasty.
now, i can't tell you how important this whole transaction is.
and if so, what do they want, and what do they have to tell us?
well, we're hoping that our two guests on the show, ladies and gentlemen, will clear up the answers to those questions.
okay, mr. potts' claim, let me see if i get this straight, folks,
mr. potts' claim is that he is not really here at all.
you know, look, i don't want this marriage any more than you do.
but like it or not, the corporate dynasties continue through our bloodlines.
but some day the illiterate serfs will be outside the gate and you will finally understand what's going on here.
hey, look, it's too bad my counterpart can't fully appreciate the value of the effort, or the value of having a father still around to share it.
a new age in american corporate culture was born today, when the heirs to two rival conglomerates were joined in matrimony.
colin mallory of infinicorp and roxanne crane of millenia media were merged in a ceremony at the chandler hotel.
the rf radiation that was emitted in the em spectrum totally threw off the magnetic anchoring point of the wormhole, therefore sending us into a state of spatial flux.
did i mention that i met the female version of myself?
hey, why don't you guys take the limo and go in style?
and while we're at it, i think we'll buy that channel that shows nothing but science fiction programming.
that's when i reared in, and i cleared him in the chin these co-ed softball leagues are all sexist co-ed, as in boys and girls working toiling, sweating together towards a common goal ?
hardly, they're forced to have at least two girls on the team so they hide one of the in right field, bury the other one as designated hitter !
- hah, this sounds great, but you know me, i hate to lose - who said anything about losing ?
- what is the number one college women sport in the country ?
- bill, if you sponsor us it'll be great publicity for the pizza place - yeah, like the 1985 beacon street little cheeses
- yeah, they made the headlines - for being the first team in little league history to lose every game there're always drowning their sorrows in my free pizzas they got so fat i had to drive them into the game in groups of three
- yeah you know, our friends down the street, the ones who slips their coupons into our pizza boxes !
when they're not doing that, they're out there winning big softball trophies, with no one to stop'em, but no big deal
i'm going to go over to tessio's, and wish then the best of luck, and as i'm leaving, i'm gonna stick my menu in his front window
- yeah - ok, so when do we get to meet these ringers you've been bragging about ?
- i play for florida state - and i play the main stage at "topless topless topless"
she strips, to take me out to the ball game wait wait, sharon, what's the matter, you're afraid you're not gonna be the best girl on the team?
i love baseball but they said i threw the world series, i was banned from the game and thought i would never play again then one day, this couk in iowa tears up his farm to make a baseball field, he built it, we came
that's, that's terrific, listen, we're just gonna step over here into reality
- no, she's way outta my league - "go the distance"
pete, don't you see, now we have a softball team look, don't forget why we got into this
hi, um, you know, i couldn't help but no... hey look, here dad wants to play catch with you
you know i couldn't help but notice that you are a really good pinball player you know, nobody hits the crazy horse multi bonus bomb more that you
- i don't know but, but, my friend and i are starting up a team and we're looking for a ninth player
i love softball, when i was little i used to play with my brothers i used to beg them to let me pitch
- sharon shake it off, alright, it was our first game, we'll get better - yeah, we shoot april in the head
- well, you know, you know, it's so easy to blame april - actually pete, it is
- "thank you for our first ever win", flowers by bruce - it was fun, you keep in touch
well, look who made a friend alright, that's it, april's not pitching again since i am you got a problem with that, i'll kick your ass
there are three things i don't wear, sandals, turtle necks, and italian food look, just tell april she can play right field, sharon will pitch and we'll move bunny to second so she can be closer to me on first
- hi coach, can i talk to you for a minute - he'll be right there
came to see my team kill tessio's why the cheerleader's playing catch?
those aren't the cheerleaders, that's the team you see, it's a co-ed league yeah i know, but you only need two girls, you hide one in right field, and you bury the other as designated hitter
- okay, but if you excuse me, i have some runners to drive in
- i think you're gonna have to take that up with the natural
- my release point's off - no that's great losing my concentration i can't stop thinking about you and me at the cape
remember between the shoulders and the knees great job april, you're the best okay, she's gotta go
- look, she's really looking forward to take me to the cape - if you don't pull april out, right now, we're gonna lose
- are you willing to sacrifice the team so that you can have sex?
damn, i wish i could respect that look, this is all wrong, it's all wrong
i can't do this to you, i can't do it to the team april, alright, ah ... right field
- now listen, tessio, he loves to crowd the play - not my play
- third ball - well well well, look who's on the mount, thinker bell don't hurt your dusting arm
and there's me in the trenches with mickey dugan, right after his leg got blown off.
wow, maybe you should think about organizing these a little, huh?
somebody shoves a birthday card in front of me and says, "we're all signing it, it's for chris. "
i'm thinking it's chris, the kid who runs the copy machine, so i write, "happy birthday to the sexiest thing in the office", right?
it's been seven months, okay, and my life still isn't back to normal.
she was so mad at me that she kept the 15 pounds, and gained another 10, just as spite-weight.
okay, look, i know it's ridiculous for me to be bringing this up.
i mean, look at me, i look like i'm in my 12th trimester here.
it's like waving a red flag in front of a minotaur.
xena, this plan is a cinch, as long as you don't blow my cover.
that bolted door leads to the cabin, and the other to the forward compartment.
must be the air that's trapped in one of the cabins that's keeping us buoyant.
why don't we take everything and move it to one side of the hold?
maybe the weight will spin us around right side up again.
what i'm proposing is that we fill up some of these wineskins with air, and then we knock a hole in the side of the ship, and when the water level's up-- we swim for a geyser,
sucking air out of the skins until we reach the surface.
after all that's happened, i'm gonna need new workers for the mine.
hired workers who choose to be there... because the wage is fair and so is the way they're treated.
it's like waving a red flag in front of a minotaur.
xena, this plan is a cinch, as long as you don't blow my cover.
i think you're going to have to figure this one out for yourself.
and the world is still reeling over the shocking murder of synod leader quo'on at the funeral of companion protector william boone.
well, both katya and lili sampled the taelon commonality through different means.
which implies that the commonality has any number of possible entry points!
join with agent kincaid so that each team has a skrill.
the skrill is the only weapon we know for certain will be effective against the atavus.
i still can't believe that the creature i saw was da'an.
da'an told me that taelons had the ability to break away from the commonality if they chose, but they're afraid to be alone with their own thoughts.
president thompson has endorsed the synod's offer of a reward for information leading to the capture of jonathan doors.
the president released a statement saying that two million dollar bounty is a small payment to safeguard humanity's relationship with the companions.
how can we save him when even zo'or can't, unless zo'or's lying...
no, zo'or's telling the truth as far as he knows it.
did you program some kind of docile servant version of me into your computer?
i tried to program your actual personality into the system but it was too much for the computer to capture.
someone who believes in the companions wouldn't believe in the runes?
runes are tied to the earth, the companions are tied to the stars.
yes... but it's my own bonds to the earth that sustain me and make me of value to the companions in the first place.
i serve as a bridge between this world and their own.
okay, you have a man, like you, and a woman, like lili...
i think you're going to have to figure this one out for yourself.
and the world is still reeling over the shocking murder of synod leader quo'on at the funeral of companion protector william boone.
the leadership of the synod is taking on a new phase as zo'or, known for his brief tenure replacing
such extreme steps will only increase the popularity of the liberation you seek to disable.
i also have instituted a reward, a bounty for jonathan doors, appeal to the self interests of the humans.
the taelon commonality is a psycho-dimensional web, a matrix of shared energy which links the psyches of the entire taelon race.
each blue orb represents a taelon, the linking lines of energy - the ties that bind.
the skrill is the only weapon we know for certain will be effective against the atavus.
i still can't believe that the creature i saw was da'an.
how do we contain the atavus so that he can return to his life as da'an?
did i in any way suggest that your task was to capture the atavus?
well, the truth is, agent beckett, you know about as much as i do.
my mother gave birth to me and then she had to leave.
that kind of tactic may fly wherever you come from, but it's another thing in this country.
i suggest you familiarize yourself with your own department's chain of command...
runes are tied to the earth, the companions are tied to the stars.
yes... but it's my own bonds to the earth that sustain me and make me of value to the companions in the first place.
if we don't get inside pronto, there's gonna be nothing left but bones.
actually, even a moderately strong acid rain would easily dissolve human bone, i've heard.
i mean, if you find a nice, peaceful world and you want to settle down, it's okay with me.
it won't be home, but we've been to a few that were close enough.
ever since they shut down those offshore refineries, the air's gotten a whole lot better.
hey, were you guys around back in '93 when santa monica bay caught fire?
there was a head in there and it looked just like me.
well, since yours seems to be firmly attached, i really would not sweat it.
my sworn duty as concierge does obligate me to help my guests in any way possible.
i promise you, there will be a big tip in it for you.
he worked for socal oil and gas, digging the san fernando petro duct.
we bought this place to get him out of that hole.
well, he bloody well better, because we've got your little timer, see?
and brainiac over here says that when these numbers run down, if you don't have it back, you're gonna be right up it.
i've adjusted your em detector to emit a pulse to match their quantum signatures.
jeez, how could you possibly know that, that's the right frequency?
the cold temperature must have slowed her molecular activity enough for her to materialize.
so, now i've adjusted the molecular resonance to simulate freezing temperatures.
by providing the african country of algeria with nerve gas used in attacks against the u.n. peacekeeping forces in tunisia last october.
four american servicemen were among the dozens killed in that attack.
bud, i've been trying to get you to look at these wedding invitations for two weeks.
if i don't order by tomorrow, they're not gonna get to the printers, and we're not gonna have anything.
yes, sir, but we still don't think colonel vickers acted alone.
someone in the defense security division convinced him to violate the chemical weapons treaty.
but now he's got the blood of four fellow marines on his hands, and it's tearing him up inside.
i think if i offer him transactional immunity and the chance to redeem himself, he'll cooperate, sir.
you'd be acting weird too if you had this in your pocket.
bud, i don't think this is the time or the pla...
- transactional immunity if the colonel gives me the names of the others responsible, all the information he knows about this and his agreement to testify when the time comes.
his former employers have a reputation for tying up loose ends.
the decision whether or not to proceed with a court-martial will be determined by the evidence presented here today.
now, that said, major mackenzie, is the government ready to proceed?
the peacekeepers set up an emergency post in an abandoned aircraft hangar, which is where this chemical attack occurred.
it took us 18 hours to get to the hot zone, and by then, another 40 or so people had been exposed, which in this attack was an agent known as soman nerve gas, or gd for short.
and what happens to an individual who's exposed to soman nerve gas?
a small dose causes headaches, nausea, loss of vision and hallucinations.
the red cross workers and tunisian soldiers who arrived on the scene before us had to be treated for these sort of symptoms, ma'am.
what about the u.s. servicemen and refugees who were exposed to higher doses?
on the contrary, your honour, this has everything to do with this hearing.
mr. gribaldi would like us to lose sight of this fact, but we can't.
because this is what's in store for us if we do.
would you please tell the court how the nerve gas was delivered to the attack site?
it was delivered in 105 shells, which had been modified to deliver a binary nerve-gas system.
is this the type of shell casing we're talking about, captain?
but it takes true artistry to have that same guy choke on a hot dog at a baseball game in front of 15,000 people.
or suffer a stroke on the dance floor at his daughter's wedding.
we're committed to helping countries like algeria develop a solid agricultural base.
an adequate food supply is the first step towards economic and political stability.
neither do you, since you came down with that nasty flu bug and spent the night in... emergency.
i hear they only use psychos for this kind of work, palmer.
sir, i know you're busy, but i was just wondering how my wedding to lieutenant roberts is going to affect my duty here at jag.
well, as you know, it is against regs for spouses to work within the same chain of command, so you will have to transfer back to the inspector general's office.
so even though you'll be officially working for the inspector general,
i'm gonna ask that you be permanently assigned to this office.
we all know what happened in tunisia, and the major has already pointed out the effects of the attack.
i do not understand what corporal dupree's testimony could possibly add.
corporal dupree is a victim of the attack who has to deal with the pain and suffering every day.
i think we owe her the respect to hear her testimony.
don't you think the coroner's gonna wonder about the restraints on my hands and feet, palmer?
by the time they put this fire out, rabb, they'll be lucky to find your teeth.
your honour, as defence counsel, i cannot allow this to happen.
colonel vickers, if you take the stand and make a statement, you will also be subject to cross-examination by the prosecution.
now, my assignment with the defense security division was foreign military sales.
and, yes, i approved the delivery of some weapons to the algerians.
it was one of our ways of building up security against libya.
but i swear to this court, to corporal dupree, and to all the other victims, that i would have never ever approved the sale of any weapons, chemical or otherwise, if i thought for a moment that they might be used against any americans.
look, we're gonna be all right, just so long as we don't move and trip the motion sensor.
the bomb isn't set to go off for almost eight hours.
i had an allergic reaction to some antibiotics i was taking.
my throat started to close, my face swelled up like a balloon.
i would have, but they knocked me out with some painkillers.
i came here directly from the hospital when they wore off.
i know that you would lay down your life to protect the principles by which you live.
and i would like to believe that a marine of your character would not knowingly sell chemical weapons to algeria or anyone else.
i think we were supposed to find that message on the mirror.
i'm gonna run the name "flyte" by headquarters and see what...
i don't know what your problem is but it's not funny.
i know what you're tryin' to do so fuckin' cut it out.
if i'm not under arrest this could easily be construed as kidnapping.
if you people at this newspaper know where elvis is, we'd like to know.
consider the mayan cities of copan piedras negras, palenque in 610 ad deserted overnight, hundreds of thousands of mayans missing.
theories of disease or war don't explain why there were no mass graves and evidence shows that mayan families vanished after preparing elaborate dinners but before eating them.
i don't know what this thing is, but it's playing with us...
the lights, the noises on the phone the moth with wargle.
it may lie dormant between feedings for years or even decades at a time.
over centuries only a tiny percentage of this thing's prey has been human beings but from them it's absorbed knowledge, acquired intelligence.
some of its victims must have thought it was the devil.
it absorbed that concept from them... and believes that's what it is.
it's just a fucking animal and any living thing can be killed!
this thing wiped out the dinosaurs which were pretty tough fucking customers!
not from the stars, but from the deep and secret realms... of our own infinitely mysterious world.
a supremely powerful life form so adaptable, seemingly immortal... is it gone?
theories of disease or war don't explain... why there were no mass graves.
there's evidence... that mayan families vanished after preparing dinners, but before eating them.
since the gulf war, they've carried a sample in case... terrorists contaminate an oil field with it.
you're saying that we can use this stuff... to attack the ancient enemy... like it was an oil spill, and infect it?
we need to find a way to get at the mother mass... and we need some kind of a... delivery system for this stuff.
but if we do that... will it kill it at all?
in the town of snowfield, the four of us... met and bested an inhuman intelligence... not from the stars... but from the deep and secret realms... of our own infinitely misterious world.
this supremely powerful life force... so adaptable, seemingly immortal... is it gone?
theories of disease or war don't explain... why there were no mass graves.
there's evidence... that mayan families vanished after preparing dinners, but before eating them.
since the gulf war, they've carried a sample in case... terrorists contaminate an oil field with it.
you're saying that we can use this stuff... to attack the ancient enemy... like it was an oil spill, and infect it?
we need to find a way to get at the mother mass... and we need some kind of a... delivery system for this stuff.
but if we do that... will it kill it at all?
in the town of snowfield, the four of us... met and bested an inhuman intelligence... not from the stars... but from the deep and secret realms... of our own infinitely misterious world.
this supremely powerful life force... so adaptable, seemingly immortal... is it gone?
theories of disease or war don't explain... why there were no mass graves.
there's evidence... that mayan families vanished after preparing dinners, but before eating them.
since the gulf war, they've carried a sample in case... terrorists contaminate an oil field with it.
you're saying that we can use this stuff... to attack the ancient enemy... like it was an oil spill, and infect it?
we need to find a way to get at the mother mass... and we need some kind of a... delivery system for this stuff.
but if we do that... will it kill it at all?
in the town of snowfield, the four of us... met and bested an inhuman intelligence... not from the stars... but from the deep and secret realms... of our own infinitely misterious world.
this supremely powerful life force... so adaptable, seemingly immortal... is it gone?
theories of disease or war don't explain... why there were no mass graves.
there's evidence... that mayan families vanished after preparing dinners, but before eating them.
since the gulf war, they've carried a sample in case... terrorists contaminate an oil field with it.
you're saying that we can use this stuff... to attack the ancient enemy... like it was an oil spill, and infect it?
we need to find a way to get at the mother mass... and we need some kind of a... delivery system for this stuff.
but if we do that... will it kill it at all?
in the town of snowfield, the four of us... met and bested an inhuman intelligence... not from the stars... but from the deep and secret realms... of our own infinitely misterious world.
this supremely powerful life force... so adaptable, seemingly immortal... is it gone?
one thing to remember in life, no matter where you go or what you do... don't take no crap from nobody.
i never liked the guy, but he was right about not taking crap.
we always did stuff like that, get back at people who messed with us.
there was this crossing guard used to grab all the kids' asses.
back then people weren't on the lookout for that kind of thing.
the only way to nail a guy like that was to catch him red-handed.
it appears travis cole has bailed out the city once again... coming up with the necessary funding to save the chelsea opera house.
how could a man in my position not step in and do his civic duty?
i wanna go over there and rip their heads off, every one of them.
that would probably work, since they're so tired from beating us mercilessly.
i figured you'd never believe me unless i showed you that picture.
i loved your mother as a friend, but it wasn't true love.
this is awful, but i've given these bookies practically everything i have.
when i was young, my mom used to tell me that the lights we see in the sky... are from stars that burned out millions of years ago.
with every genius business idea, there's got to be a first.
like the guy who first thought of delivering pizza to people's houses.
no, but you shouldn't work for a guy who treats you bad anyway.
that is a decision for me to make, not you or your awful company.
they drive around in their porsche 90 miles an hour where my kids play... blasting their music.
they have loud, wild parties still going on when i get up for work.
if mitch weaver and sam mckenna are heroes, then who's the villain?
many would say that would be the builder of the parking lot... millionaire real estate mogul, travis co...
by the end of the day, i'd like martin jobless, homeless... penniless and hairless.
you fellows have a lot of growing up to do, i'll tell you that.
first of all, mrs. murphy is owed... my deepest apologies for the hardships she's unjustly suffered.
secondly, all charges have been dropped against mr. weaver and mr. mckenna... who are not criminals but heroes.
like the plan that got us here in the first place?
look, i know you're mad but i think i know how to get the $50,000 and save the apartment.
the point is, you aren't the only ones who got screwed over.
yes, i made a big mistake destroying your building... but i know how we can get it back.
are you with me based on the guarantee that if i'm wrong, you can kick my ass?
i understand how upset you were when you found out what we did.
building tenants, you'll be serving as the ushers and ticket takers.
so take one of those, and kathy will tell you what to do.
"in the land of the blind, a man with one eye is king."
well, today, in the land of the skunks... the man with half a nose is king.
i feel great thanks to you and sam, my two boys.
now that i met gladys, i hope they can fix another part of my body.
one thing to remember in life, no matter where you go or what you do.... don't take no crap from nobody.
i never liked the guy, but he was right about not taking crap.
we always did stuff like that, get back at people who messed with us.
there was this crossing guard used to grab all the kids' asses.
back then people weren't on the lookout for that kind of thing.
the only way to nail a guy like that was to catch him red-handed.
it appears travis cole has bailed out the city once again... coming up with the necessary funding to save the chelsea opera house.
how could a man in my position not step in and do his civic duty?
i wanna go over there and rip their heads off, every one of them.
that would probably work, since they're so tired from beating us mercilessly.
i figured you'd never believe me unless i showed you that picture.
i loved your mother as a friend, but it wasn't true love.
this is awful, but i've given these bookies practically everything i have.
when i was young, my mom used to tell me that the lights we see in the sky... are from stars that burned out millions of years ago.
with every genius business idea, there's got to be a first.
like the guy who first thought of delivering pizza to people's houses.
no, but you shouldn't work for a guy who treats you bad anyway.
that is a decision for me to make, not you or your awful company.
they drive around in their porsche 90 miles an hour where my kids play... blasting their music.
they have loud, wild parties still going on when i get up for work.
if mitch weaver and sam mckenna are heroes, then who's the villain?
many would say that would be the builder of the parking lot... millionaire real estate mogul, travis co...
by the end of the day, i'd like martin jobless, homeless... penniless and hairless.
you fellows have a lot of growing up to do, i'll tell you that.
first of all, mrs. murphy is owed... my deepest apologies for the hardships she's unjustly suffered.
secondly, all charges have been dropped against mr. weaver and mr. mckenna... who are not criminals but heroes.
like the plan that got us here in the first place?
look, i know you're mad but i think i know how to get the $50,000 and save the apartment.
the point is, you aren't the only ones who got screwed over.
yes, i made a big mistake destroying your building... but i know how we can get it back.
are you with me based on the guarantee that if i'm wrong, you can kick my ass?
i understand how upset you were when you found out what we did.
building tenants, you'll be serving as the ushers and ticket takers.
so take one of those, and kathy will tell you what to do.
"in the land of the blind, a man with one eye is king."
well, today, in the land of the skunks... the man with half a nose is king.
i feel great thanks to you and sam, my two boys.
now that i met gladys, i hope they can fix another part of my body.
one thing to remember in life, no matter where you go or what you do... don't take no crap from nobody.
i never liked the guy, but he was right about not taking crap.
we always did stuff like that, get back at people who messed with us.
there was this crossing guard used to grab all the kids' asses.
back then people weren't on the lookout for that kind of thing.
the only way to nail a guy like that was to catch him red-handed.
it appears travis cole has bailed out the city once again... coming up with the necessary funding to save the chelsea opera house.
how could a man in my position not step in and do his civic duty?
i wanna go over there and rip their heads off, every one of them.
that would probably work, since they're so tired from beating us mercilessly.
i figured you'd never believe me unless i showed you that picture.
i loved your mother as a friend, but it wasn't true love.
this is awful, but i've given these bookies practically everything i have.
when i was young, my mom used to tell me that the lights we see in the sky... are from stars that burned out millions of years ago.
with every genius business idea, there's got to be a first.
like the guy who first thought of delivering pizza to people's houses.
no, but you shouldn't work for a guy who treats you bad anyway.
that is a decision for me to make, not you or your awful company.
they drive around in their porsche 90 miles an hour where my kids play... blasting their music.
they have loud, wild parties still going on when i get up for work.
if mitch weaver and sam mckenna are heroes, then who's the villain?
many would say that would be the builder of the parking lot... millionaire real estate mogul, travis co...
by the end of the day, i'd like martin jobless, homeless... penniless and hairless.
you fellows have a lot of growing up to do, i'll tell you that.
first of all, mrs. murphy is owed... my deepest apologies for the hardships she's unjustly suffered.
secondly, all charges have been dropped against mr. weaver and mr. mckenna... who are not criminals but heroes.
like the plan that got us here in the first place?
look, i know you're mad but i think i know how to get the $50,000 and save the apartment.
the point is, you aren't the only ones who got screwed over.
yes, i made a big mistake destroying your building... but i know how we can get it back.
are you with me based on the guarantee that if i'm wrong, you can kick my ass?
i understand how upset you were when you found out what we did.
building tenants, you'll be serving as the ushers and ticket takers.
so take one of those, and kathy will tell you what to do.
"in the land of the blind, a man with one eye is king."
well, today, in the land of the skunks... the man with half a nose is king.
i feel great thanks to you and sam, my two boys.
now that i met gladys, i hope they can fix another part of my body.
one thing to remember in life, no matter where you go or what you do... don't take no crap from nobody.
i never liked the guy, but he was right about not taking crap.
we always did stuff like that, get back at people who messed with us.
there was this crossing guard used to grab all the kids' asses.
back then people weren't on the lookout for that kind of thing.
the only way to nail a guy like that was to catch him red-handed.
it appears travis cole has bailed out the city once again... coming up with the necessary funding to save the chelsea opera house.
how could a man in my position not step in and do his civic duty?
that would probably work, since they're so tired from beating us mercilessly.
but since we rented the cop uniforms, let's try it my way, all right?
i figured you'd never believe me unless i showed you that picture.
i loved your mother as a friend, but it wasn't true love.
this is awful, but i've given these bookies practically everything i have.
when i was young, my mom used to tell me that the lights we see in the sky... are from stars that burned out millions of years ago.
with every genius business idea, there's got to be a first.
like the guy who first thought of delivering pizza to people's houses.
understand that you each get $20, and this requires no sex.
no sex at all... regardless of what this character tells you.
we spend most of the money my sister sent for pops on this office.
and now we're wasting the rest of it so you can impress some girl?
did you really think you were helping me with that disgusting stunt?
hey, maybe you don't realize it, but that disgusting stunt... was this idiot's way of saying he likes you.
so this whole block will become a parking lot for the chelsea opera house?
yep, to make sure none of travis cole's friends... have to park their mercedes on the street.
what i don't understand is, when you owe a bookie a lot of money... and he blows off one of your toes, you still owe him the money.
doesn't seem fair since he's gonna kill me in four days anyway.
i saw how you and your friend saved that woman's house.
guess you can use your powers for good as well as evil.
i'll give you a dollar each if you run into this building and yell and scream.
that's very nice, but i think what you need... are like some psycho, out-of-control homeless guys.
remember in second grade... when we used rusty soda can tops to become blood brothers?
it was a bunch of trouble for nothing because we were already brothers.
i'm saying that when you're doing it for someone else... it's not just revenge, it's standing up for yourself.
that's why i'm asking all of us to stand up for ourselves.
deciding to fight back against cole is turning things around for me.
travis cole is empty inside, so he has to make everyone around him empty.
did someone stole the day after the news of the newspaper.
unfortunately, i saw banners with enforcement, certainly you need the money.
i do not want to disappoint you, but there a lot of breathing land species.
for example, the philippines snakeskin may stay out of the water for months without ...
dre gundry, give to me the evidence and how he got the tele and that's a. ..
and i personally guarantee you that your name, will be on all radio and tv.
here we see a perch it seems that and has developed a body able to breathe air.
if true, this on and you will overturn what we know about evolution.
please don't let some stupid thing that i did wreck that.
i can't depend on you... so why should you be able to depend on me?
i, actually, red, i just wanted to ask you a favor.
my appliance store gets real busy all over the holidays and i could use a little help down there.
okay, baseball, vietnam, richard nixon, pat nixon, pat boone, the girl that gives the weather, no, no.
okay, jellyfish, really big spiders, come on, dig deep, dig deep, okay, the day we backed over skipper in the driveway.
oh, yeah, she said it is not the right time, you should wait a little longer.
then, take this baby and tell your dear grandmother to look after it.
next week is mary the virgin's ceremony, many people are coming here,
after many years, the ceremony is going to be held here.
do you show me mary the virgin's picture they brought you yesterday?
i'm going to be a doctor not to let someone like my mother die,
if she was alive, i had some sisters or brothers by now.
i hope you will grow up sooner, and have some children yourself.
if my mother was alive, she would let me study and become a doctor, she would say, my boy, build a hospital in this village, so as to prevent any mother like me dying in child birth and raise her children herself.
do you take a picture from me that if i died my children would know what i looked like.
i'm going to borrow a horse, don't you ever go digging a well with that priest, again.
i served imam hussein for a lifetime, yet they call me karam shemr.
just wait till the end of moharram, we hope we can solve your problem by then.
- it's all for the sake of the baby not for myself.
when you went, tell the priest's brother to come and see his sick brother.
first of all, as far as i know, the priest's brother is a priest himself.
everybody says sara is very pretty, they shed flowers over her plenty.
i am more crazy, crazy about her, am more crazy, crazy about her,
rahman, don't you miss your mother if you doesn't go to the church again?
this is the picture of mary the virgin, it is from the priest.
so... you saw the girl, okay, you looked away for a second, and then when you turned back, she was gone.
gary, you were on a scaffolding, so unless siegfried and roy were involved, the whole thing sounds a little iffy.
in the heat of the mojave desert, the female scorpion scuttles across the burning sand towards a waiting male.
she lures him with a mating dance that will become, for the unsuspecting male, a dance of death.
when i opened it up, i look across the way, and...
let me guess: you just accidentally happened to see a girl in the window?
but if they were plotting a murder, then why would they want a witness?
because this is gaslight and you, my friend, are ingrid bergman.
50 years ago, he kills a woman and he thinks he's gotten away with it all this time.
well, all of a sudden, her granddaughter shows up in his building.
she had fallen in love with a marine a couple of years before.
he was going to marry her, but he didn't get the chance.
pleasure completes the act, as an extra without which the act would not be perfect.
aristotie says men in their prime contain the vigour of youth.
yet, oddly, she is not sensual, she's only frenetic and avid.
when she kisses,her lips are flaccid, cold, inert but her cunt is hard-hitting, domineering.
when we make love... her belly moves powerfully, rhythmically, iike a machine, she is unstoppable.
she goes at me, goes at herself, to make me come, make herself come, to the iast spasm.
you get me to bring you to your lover's because you can't face the bus.
if only you were cruel or perverse, but you're only insensitive.
i spend days by the phone waiting for your call, when it rings i'm a wreck, in case you're out or you lie...
do you know my phone rings at noon everyday and there you are like a secretary with our appointment?
yes, leon lives on the 4th and momo on the 1st floor.
right, iet's go see this léon gayard, we'ii see if he lives there.
pleasure completes the act, as an extra without which the act would not be perfect.
aristotle says men in their prime contain the vigour of youth.
yet, oddly, she is not sensual, she's only frenetic and avid.
when she kisses, her lips are flaccid, cold, inert but her cunt is hard-hitting, domineering.
when we make love... her belly moves powerfully, rhythmically, like a machine, she is unstoppable.
she goes at me, goes at herself, to make me come, make herself come, to the last spasm.
you get me to bring you to your lover's because you can't face the bus.
if only you were cruel or perverse, but you're only insensitive.
i spend days by the phone waiting for your call, when it rings i'm a wreck, in case you're out or you lie...
do you know my phone rings at noon everyday and there you are like a secretary with our appointment?
yes, leon lives on the 4th and momo on the 1st floor.
right, let's go see this léon gayard, we'll see if he lives there.
pleasure completes the act, as an extra without which the act would not be perfect.
aristotle says men in their prime contain the vigour of youth.
yet, oddly, she is not sensual, she's only frenetic and avid.
when she kisses, her lips are flaccid, cold, inert but her cunt is hard-hitting, domineering.
when we make love... her belly moves powerfully, rhythmically, like a machine, she is unstoppable.
she goes at me, goes at herself, to make me come, make herself come, to the last spasm.
you get me to bring you to your lover's because you can't face the bus.
if only you were cruel or perverse, but you're only insensitive.
i spend days by the phone waiting for your call, when it rings i'm a wreck, in case you're out or you lie...
do you know my phone rings at noon everyday and there you are like a secretary with our appointment?
yes, leon lives on the 4th and momo on the 1st floor.
right, let's go see this léon gayard, we'll see if he lives there.
crazy enough to tell people 460)}we was coming up here shooting today?
460)}crazy enough to tell amanda that me and you 460)}was gonna have it out over this here very issue?
460)}♪ 'cause you gimme one little peck ♪ 460)}♪ on the back of my neck ♪
cold sweat ♪ 460)}♪ if i live to a hundred and two ♪
460)}i always knew that drunken son of a bitch 460)}was gonna kill himself one day.
460)}and i will dwell 460)}in the house of the lord forever.
460)}♪ my love won't wait ♪ 460)}♪ when i first saw you ♪
460)}♪ with your smile so tender ♪ 460)}♪ my heart was captured ♪
460)}♪ let your arms invite me ♪ 460)}here comes daddy right now.
460)}♪ for who knows when ♪ 460)}♪ we'll meet again ♪
68)}♪ goin' where the weather ♪ 68)}♪ suits my clothes ♪
96)}♪ backin' off of the northeast wind ♪ 96)}♪ sailin' on a summer breeze ♪
96)}♪ and skippin' over the ocean ♪ 68)}♪ like a stone ♪
everybody's talkin' at me ♪ 96)}♪ i don't hear a word they're sayin' ♪
96)}♪ it's watchin' for the moment ♪ 68)}♪ to transpire ♪
96)}♪ another perfect catastrophe is ♪ 68)}♪ dyin' to go down ♪
96)}♪ and i'll smother them in battery ♪ 96)}♪ if they make it out alive ♪
96)}♪ if you leave the evidence ♪ 68)}♪ they'll call the fbi ♪
i bet you don't think i got the nerve, do ya?
you got the nerve, you got the fuckin' nerve, but you're scaring the shit out of me.
i got to tell you, man, she looked pretty fine to me.
i had my eye on her the minute she walked in.
it's been 2 weeks, baby, 2 weeks, and that's just too long.
i heard in other countries people don't need so much space.
very empowering, although small screen, shitty dub is not really the way to experience it.
i was just watching it and minding my own business, and guess what happened.
there's bound to be something you saw or heard that might lead us to the killer.
look, why don't you go on home and think about it?
if there hadn't been a bunch of people around you there.
you might not have stopped just with a little old whacky.
maybe i didn't explain myself right here, but, you see, in order for this here to work, had to stay in jail.
see, that's kind of the, uh... well, it's sort of the key to the whole fuckin' idea.
♪ it started in my eyes, crept up to my head ♪
♪ flew to my heart till i was stung dead ♪
♪ she started buzzin' in my ear, buzzin' in my brain ♪
♪ got stung all over, but i feel no pain ♪
well, seems like we got a long day ahead of us.
we gotta go see the sheriff, then back to the lake,
i got to tell you, man, she looked pretty fine to me.
i had my eye on her the minute she walked in.
it's been 2 weeks, baby, 2 weeks, and that's just too long.
i heard in other countries people don't need so much space.
maybe the world is just the same stuff over and over.
but that doesn't mean i can't try and catch it before it goes.
my mom's on my case but my stepdad's not saying much.
i've only been coming to school to see you guys anyway.
but when he found out i was in 11th, it was over.
dates have to be older than 20 and younger than 37, he says.
we're friends 'cause we don't ask questions we don't want to answer... or keep quiet when others expect an answer.
dieting tough studies breaking up with a guy... it didn't matter.
we never talk about that middle-aged guy... and not because it's taboo... or we're trying to forget what we did.
it's because we don't understand him nor do we want to.
i'm looking for a woman to uh go to the market with me.
you must be young and pretty... someone other guys stop to look at.
i can't be out late, tho'... and even a short video'll take an hour and a half... n-no not to watch.
we'll just, y'know look... if you're really the right type i'll pay.
my connection to him would last a few hours at most.
this is when i realized i was a woman whose time was bought with money.
it wasn't at d-world in la, and for sure not at tokyo d-land.
over three days, i saw the movie more than ten times.
i met f-ball at the souvenir shop on the second day.
soon as i said i wanted f-ball, my dad bought him for me.
that was the first and last time i saw a movie with my dad.
dad looked bored and fell asleep... even tho' the movie should have been fun for adults too.
maybe that someone is half dead with suffering, ready to cry.
how do you think they'd feel... to know the girl so important to them was naked before some strange man?
from the day we pledged our lives though we've some wonderful memories
that flower we looked at back then that one we called beautiful those two hearts who did that are gone and will never come back oh for that wondrous love again
oh for that wondrous love again oh for that splendid love once more
as if because standing alone in a wide-open field though i may not mean to tears come overflowing that wind it might blow but we were the ones who'd never change we said those two hearts who did that are gone and will never come back
oh for that wondrous love again oh for that splendid love once more
oh for that wondrous love again oh for that splendid love once more
i like a little yolk in my carpaccio, but lately it's been so hot...
and i hear e. coli's back, so raw meat's kind of...
"i just, um, split with my bf so i'm, what, down?
"if you've got the time, so do i. i'll be waiting."
my mom's on my case but my stepdad's not saying much.
i've only been coming to school to see you guys anyway.
but when he found out i was in 11th, it was over.
dates have to be older than 20 and younger than 37, he says.
we're friends 'cause we don't ask questions we don't want to answer... or keep quiet when others expect an answer.
dieting, tough studies, breaking up with a guy... it didn't matter.
it's because we don't understand him, nor do we want to.
we do now know, however, that in this world... there are those who'll pay 120,000... for grapes chewed by hs girls.
i'm looking for a woman to, uh, go to the market with me.
you must be young and pretty... someone other guys stop to look at.
i'm looking for a woman to, uh, go to the market with me.
you must be young and pretty... someone other guys stop to look at.
the time is now:4:51 p.m. vivre is open another: 4 hrs. 9 mins.
out of pocket(iced tea):500 yen hiromi has a total of:44,060 yen
over three days, i saw the movie more than ten times.
i met f-ball at the souvenir shop on the second day.
soon as i said i wanted f-ball, my dad bought him for me.
that was the first and last time i saw a movie with my dad.
but as time goes on, your need for that ring will move on too.
clinging to that need will be like... forcing yourself to hang back and be lonely.
there's plenty of... when you take lots of photos disposables are out.
that's why i used date money to buy a real one.
"i just, um, split with my bf so i'm, what, down?
"if you've got the time, so do i. i'll be waiting."
i will at some point, but... but my desire for that had left me.
once we became bored of all-night clubbing... sachi began taking lessons.
my mom's on my case but my stepdad's not saying much.
i've only been coming to school to see you guys anyway.
but when he found out i was in 11 th, it was over.
dates have to be older than 20 and younger than 37, he says.
the four of us aren't friends because we talk about everything.
we're friends 'cause we don't ask questions we don't want to answer... or keep quiet when others expect an answer.
we never talk about that middle-aged guy... and not because it's taboo... or we're trying to forget what we did.
it's because we don't understand him nor do we want to.
the time is now 3:17 p.m. vivre is open another 5 hrs. 43 mins.
yoshi'i hiromi has a total of 44560 yen and the imperial topaz is 128000 yen meaning another 83440 yen... to go.
no pranks pl... i'm looking for a woman to uh go to the market with me.
you must be young and pretty... someone other guys stop to look at.
i'm looking for a woman to uh go to the market with me.
you must be young and pretty... someone other guys stop to look at.
the time is now 4:51 p.m. vivre is open another 4 hrs. 9 mins.
out of pocket(iced tea)500 yen hiromi has a total of: 44,060 yen and the imperial topaz is 128000 yen still needed: 83,940 yen
my connection to him would last a few hours at most.
this is when i realized i was a woman whose time was bought with money.
it wasn't at d-world in la, and for sure not at tokyo d- land.
over three days, i saw the movie more than ten times.
i met f-ball at the souvenir shop on the second day.
soon as i said i wanted f-ball, my dad bought him for me.
that was the first and last time i saw a movie with my dad.
dad looked bored and fell asleep... even tho' the movie should have been fun for adults too.
but as time goes on your need for that ring will move on too.
clinging to that need will be like... forcing yourself to hang back and be lonely.
the dream of yoshi'i hiromi the night of july 19, 1997:
i was feeling my way thru a dark narrow underground hallway.
oh for that wondrous love again oh for that splendid love once more
oh for that wondrous love again oh for that splendid love once more
as if because standing alone in a wide-open field though i may not mean to tears come overflowing that wind it might blow but we were the ones who'd never change we said those two hearts who did that are gone and will never come back
oh for that wondrous love again oh for that splendid love once more
oh for that wondrous love again oh for that splendid love once more
oh for that wondrous love again oh for that splendid love once more
maybe the world is all about repeating things over and over.
but that doesn't mean i can't try and catch it before it goes.
usually, i like a little yolk in my carpaccio, but lately it's been so hot...
and i hear e. coli bacteria are back, so raw meat's kind of... ahhh you know?
the four of us aren't friends because we talk about everything.
we're friends because we don't ask questions we don't want to answer... and don't keep quiet when others expect an answer.
"i just, um, split with my boyfriend so i'm feeling a bit down."
"if you've got the time, so do i. i'll be waiting."
it's because we didn't understand him, nor did we want to.
we do now know, however, that in this world... there are those who'll pay 120,000... for grapes chewed by high school girls.
i met fuzzball at the souvenir shop on the second day.
soon as i said i wanted fuzzball, my dad bought him for me.
that was the first and last time i saw a movie with my dad.
dad looked bored and fell asleep... even though the movie should have been fun for adults too.
maybe that someone is half dead with suffering, ready to cry.
how do you think they'd feel... to know the girl so important to them was naked before some strange man?
but as time goes on, your need for that ring will move on too.
clinging to that need will be like... keeping the feeling that you don't have something.
"stop this, or we'll be stung and dead" the man said to his supervisor in navy blue uniform.
he ignored the fat man, pretending not to have heard anything.
we don't waste our time doing something that we could do later in life.
by the way, you are in shibuya, once you get out of the tunnel on inogashira line.
i wasn't sure of using raw meat in this hot weather.
let's see if the fish goes well with the sauce, too.
like the moment i closed my eyes on my first kiss.
like the time i saw my boyfriend naked for the first time.
'office girl, 28, ...hight 158 cm, weight 43 kg, seeking a married man over 38.'
'i'm 16-year-old schoolgirl, free today, looking for someone to hang out with.
current time: 4:51 pm time left: 4h 9min expenses: 500 yen (iced tea) i have: 44,060 yen the ring costs: 128,000 yen i need: 83,940 yen
(car radio) "that's what schoolgirls are like these days!" , some men might grumble.
does it not mean, "don't cheapen yourself. you're much more than that"?
your body, or exsistance means so much to that someone that the person has to feel deeply sad for you.
it's hard to enjoy with your friends, while you feel you have less.
it's because such a feeling makes you feel isolated from them.
as time goes by, my desire for that ring will slowly disappear.
it's difficult to keep your desire for something, because it comes with a sense of inability that you don't have that 'something'.
it thawed out in my arm, wagged its tail, and started yelping happily.
"since we swore to love at the risk of our lives, we had shared such sweet memories."
there are four things i like to have on my desk, superintendent.
an empty in-tray, a full out-tray, a copy of archbold's evidence and practice.
i thought she'd taken rosie to her mam's for the week?
aye, but ellie's on the theatre board and expects a full report.
it may be tendered in evidence if your case is brought before a court.
we are in an interview room at the wetherton police station.
but when i pressed him for reasons of why he'd stayed away for so long, he got agitated, rubbed his head, muttered something about years of pain and then left very abruptly.
sorry to interrupt, mr thackeray, but i'll get off, if that's okay.
i thought i'd make a few quid out of the papers.
i rang one of them up after we had that row.
well, mrs windibanks, you said you wished to sleep on my offer.
just run it past me again, mr goodenough, if you'd be so kind.
i could write you a cheque now on your signature of the waiver.
and if my challenge to the will as it presently stands is successful, then you'd receive five percent of the estate.
which means that the blue rinse fascists get almost three million.
what do you plan to do with it, open a few concentration camps?
i think a more appropriate comparison is between 150,ooo and nothing.
mr goodenough, you're a very persuasive young man, but i'm turning down your proposition.
was it something particular you were looking at, superintendent, or just taking a general view with an idea of making an offer?
well, the coachwork looks grand, but the engine could do with a closer inspection.
when i was a little girl, we went to troy house on holiday.
one summer's day, we went for a swim in the river.
he put a towel round his waist, you know, like we used to.
and at the vital moment his friend pulled the towel down.
there's a greater threat to our independence and sovereignty, our whole way of life, our very englishness, than at any time in the last 500 years.
time for all good men to stand up and do their bit, whatever it may be.
i picked him up after the show and took him back to the inn.
dad was in bed, so we had a drink and then went up to my bedroom.
you might throw in the odd "sir" if it's not too much bother.
who else is going to get you out of the doggie doo?
said he was brought up in a children's home round here.
now, i don't know if it's got anything to do with cliff's killing, but we should find him and let him know his son's dead.
there can't be many black lads in homes up here in the '50s.
if we can't find him, we might be able to track down a relative.
but her babby were black, all right, like the ace of spades, which proves ernie weren't the only squaddie who'd had his way with her.
some big buck gi put her up the spout, i reckon.
nothing special, i mean, he used to go in for that sort of thing.
then i went back to the car and he followed me and that's when it happened.
"i built a new identity, but the hiding went on for 50 years."
only when i knew that i was dying of cancer did i decide to show myself to my poor mother.
the winner takes his enemy's head... and with it, his power.
i am a watcher, part of a secret society of men and women... who observe and record, but never interfere.
if you don't want to confide in me, joe, that's-that's fine.
don't let the fact that i saved your life influence you in any way.
jackie chan, one of our best agents in hong kong is also missing in the african action.
the three men they hijacked are the scientists responsible for the comet research project recently launched by the african state.
the operation was carried out with clinical precision using united states air force helicopters.
they seized the meteorite fragments along with the three scientists and until now their whereabouts are unknown.
i know where you're heading with this, norman, and i don't like it.
how can you be so sure it wasn't one of your own people?
why the hell would my guys break into a hangar they already have access to and steal their own aircraft?
because it's a perfect cover and no one would suspect them.
now only a first world country has got the money and the technology to make something like that.
so, i want to know from you, my friend, who are you working for?
and tell me "eleven done one too many." what does it mean?
i don't know who saved my life, but i thank you.
can you imagine, an ordinary machine gun with the destructive force of a ballistic missile?
you-you-you've promised us that you should not use the formula for destruction.
this mr. nelson of yours is not only a very astute man, but he's also going to be very rich because everybody's going to want this weaponry.
can you believe this little piece of plastic costs billions of dollars?
jackie chan, one of our best agents in hong kong is also missing in the african action
the three men they hijacked are the scientists responsible for the comet research project recently launched by the african state
the operation was carried out with clinical precision using united states air force helicopters
they seized the meteorite fragments along with the three scientists and untill now their whereabouts are unknown lf they knew the transport schedule someone must have leaked the information
how can you be so sure it wasn't one of your own people?
why the hell would my guys break into a hangar they already have access to and steal their own aircraft?
there could be serious military ramifications if the wrong people get a hold of this formula
we've got to find out who's behind this pulling the strings
now only a first world country has got the money and the technology to make something like that
so, i want to know from you, my friend, who are you working for?
but we've got special ways to make tough guys like you crack i'm waiting
i told you, it's no use i lost all my memory
when the deal's history, so are they i want that lab pristine
and no evidence left in the building lt's being dealt with
that's why we're not giving you all the money up front
but i would say that half a billion dollars is more than enough motivation for you to deliver a quality product
can you imagine, an ordinary machine gun with the destructive force of a ballistic missile?
you promise us that you should not use the formula for destruction
one zero makes a hell of a lot of difference i don't play around when it comes to money
you know when i press this enter, all that money's going to be yours
look, if i'd wanted to kill you i could have done that in south africa
sharman must have sent the hit men after you in johannesburg
they seized the meteorite fragments along with the three scientists and untill now their whereabouts are unknown
if they knew the transport schedule someone must have leaked the information
how can you be so sure it wasn't one of your own people?
why the hell would my guys break into a hangar they already have access to and steal their own aircraft?
there could be serious military ramifications if the wrong people get a hold of this formula
we've got to find out who's behind this pulling the strings
i bet you're going to miss being in the middle of all the action
norman, i'm going to take that fat pension check of mine and head for my favorite fishing hole
that's very considerate, gentlemen but we had something a little bit different in mind
can you imagine, an ordinary machine gun with the destructive force of a ballistic missile?
this mr. nelson of yours is not only a very astute man but he's also going to be very rich because everybody's going top want this weaponry
can you believe this little piece of plastic costs billions of dollars?
they seized the meteorite fragments along with the three scientists and untill now their whereabouts are unknown
if they knew the transport schedule someone must have leaked the information
how can you be so sure it wasn't one of your own people?
why the hell would my guys break into a hangar they already have access to and steal their own aircraft?
there could be serious military ramifications if the wrong people get a hold of this formula
we've got to find out who's behind this pulling the strings
i bet you're going to miss being in the middle of all the action
norman, i'm going to take that fat pension check of mine and head for my favorite fishing hole
now only a first world country has got the money and the technology to make something like that
so, i want to know from you, my friend, who are you working for?
that's why we're not giving you all the money up front
but i would say that half a billion dollars is more than enough motivation for you to deliver a quality product
can you imagine, an ordinary machine gun with the destructive force of a ballistic missile?
you promise us that you should not use the formula for destruction
jackie chan, one of our best agents in hong kong is also missing in the african action.
the three men they hijacked are the scientists responsible for the comet research project recently launched by the african state.
the operation was carried out with clinical precision using united states air force helicopters.
they seized the meteorite fragments along with the three scientists and until now their whereabouts are unknown.
i know where you're heading with this, norman, and i don't like it.
how can you be so sure it wasn't one of your own people?
why the hell would my guys break into a hangar they already have access to and steal their own aircraft?
because it's a perfect cover and no one would suspect them.
now only a first world country has got the money and the technology to make something like that.
so, i want to know from you, my friend, who are you working for?
and tell me "eleven done one too many." what does it mean?
i don't know who saved my life, but i thank you.
can you imagine, an ordinary machine gun with the destructive force of a ballistic missile?
you-you-you've promised us that you should not use the formula for destruction.
this mr. nelson of yours is not only a very astute man, but he's also going to be very rich because everybody's going to want this weaponry.
can you believe this little piece of plastic costs billions of dollars?
jackie chan, one of our best agents in hong kong is also missing in the african action
the three men they hijacked are the scientists responsible for the comet research project recently launched by the african state
the operation was carried out with clinical precision using united states air force helicopters
they seized the meteorite fragments along with the three scientists and untill now their whereabouts are unknown
i know where you're heading with this, norman, and i don't like it
how can you be so sure it wasn't one of your own people?
why the hell would my guys break into a hangar they already have access to and steal their own aircraft?
because it's a perfect cover and no one would suspect them
now only a first world country has got the money and the technology to make something like that
so, i want to know from you, my friend, who are you working for?
that's why we're not giving you all the money up front
but i would say that half a billion dollars is more than enough motivation for you to deliver a quality product
can you imagine, an ordinary machine gun with the destructive force of a ballistic missile?
you promise us that you should not use the formula for destruction
they seized the meteorite fragments along with the three scientists and untill now their whereabouts are unknown
if they knew the transport schedule someone must have leaked the information
how can you be so sure it wasn't one of your own people?
why the hell would my guys break into a hangar they already have access to and steal their own aircraft?
there could be serious military ramifications if the wrong people get a hold of this formula
we've got to find out who's behind this pulling the strings
i bet you're going to miss being in the middle of all the action
norman, i'm going to take that fat pension check of mine and head for my favorite fishing hole
that's very considerate, gentlemen but we had something a little bit different in mind
can you imagine, an ordinary machine gun with the destructive force of a ballistic missile?
this mr. nelson of yours is not only a very astute man but he's also going to be very rich because everybody's going top want this weaponry
can you believe this little piece of plastic costs billions of dollars?
that's very considerate,gentlemen but we had something a little bit different in mind
can you imagine,an ordinary machine gun with the destructive force of a ballistic missile?
this mr. nelson of yours is not only a very astute man but he's also going to be very rich because everybody's going top want this weaponry
can you believe this little piece of plastic costs billions of dollars?
jackie chan, one of our best agents in hong kong is also missing in the african action
the three men they hijacked are the scientists responsible for the comet research project recently launched by the african state
the operation was carried out with clinical precision using united states air force helicopters
they seized the meteorite fragments along with the three scientists and untill now their whereabouts are unknown
i know where you're heading with this, norman, and i don't like it
how can you be so sure it wasn't one of your own people?
why the hell would my guys break into a hangar they already have access to and steal their own aircraft?
because it's a perfect cover and no one would suspect them
now only a first world country has got the money and the technology to make something like that
so, i want to know from you, my friend, who are you working for?
that's why we're not giving you all the money up front
but i would say that half a billion dollars is more than enough motivation for you to deliver a quality product
can you imagine, an ordinary machine gun with the destructive force of a ballistic missile?
you promise us that you should not use the formula for destruction
they seized the meteorite fragments along with the three scientists and untill now their whereabouts are unknown
if they knew the transport schedule someone must have leaked the information
how can you be so sure it wasn't one of your own people?
why the hell would my guys break into a hangar they already have access to and steal their own aircraft?
there could be serious military ramifications if the wrong people get a hold of this formula
we've got to find out who's behind this pulling the strings
i bet you're going to miss being in the middle of all the action
norman, i'm going to take that fat pension check of mine and head for my favorite fishing hole
now only a first world country has got the money and the technology to make something like that
so, i want to know from you, my friend, who are you working for?
that's very considerate, gentlemen but we had something a little bit different in mind
can you imagine, an ordinary machine gun with the destructive force of a ballistic missile?
this mr. nelson of yours is not only a very astute man but he's also going to be very rich because everybody's going top want this weaponry
can you believe this little piece of plastic costs billions of dollars?
they seized the meteorite fragments along with the three scientists and untill now their whereabouts are unknown
if they knew the transport schedule someone must have leaked the information
how can you be so sure it wasn't one of your own people?
why the hell would my guys break into a hangar they already have access to and steal their own aircraft?
there could be serious military ramifications if the wrong people get a hold of this formula
we've got to find out who's behind this pulling the strings
i bet you're going to miss being in the middle of all the action
norman, i'm going to take that fat pension check of mine and head for my favorite fishing hole
that's very considerate, gentlemen but we had something a little bit different in mind
can you imagine, an ordinary machine gun with the destructive force of a ballistic missile?
this mr. nelson of yours is not only a very astute man but he's also going to be very rich because everybody's going top want this weaponry
can you believe this little piece of plastic costs billions of dollars?
they seized the meteorite fragments along with the three scientists and untill now their whereabouts are unknown
if they knew the transport schedule someone must have leaked the information
how can you be so sure it wasn't one of your own people?
why the hell would my guys break into a hangar they already have access to and steal their own aircraft?
there could be serious military ramifications if the wrong people get a hold of this formula
we've got to find out who's behind this pulling the strings
i bet you're going to miss being in the middle of all the action
norman, i'm going to take that fat pension check of mine and head for my favorite fishing hole
now only a first world country has got the money and the technology to make something like that
so, i want to know from you, my friend, who are you working for?
that's why we're not giving you all the money up front
but i would say that half a billion dollars is more than enough motivation for you to deliver a quality product
can you imagine, an ordinary machine gun with the destructive force of a ballistic missile?
you promise us that you should not use the formula for destruction
they seized the meteorite fragments along with the three scientists and untill now their whereabouts are unknown
if they knew the transport schedule someone must have leaked the information
how can you be so sure it wasn't one of your own people?
why the hell would my guys break into a hangar they already have access to and steal their own aircraft?
there could be serious military ramifications if the wrong people get a hold of this formula
we've got to find out who's behind this pulling the strings
i bet you're going to miss being in the middle of all the action
norman, i'm going to take that fat pension check of mine and head for my favorite fishing hole
now only a first world country has got the money and the technology to make something like that
so, i want to know from you, my friend, who are you working for?
that's very considerate, gentlemen but we had something a little bit different in mind
can you imagine, an ordinary machine gun with the destructive force of a ballistic missile?
this mr. nelson of yours is not only a very astute man but he's also going to be very rich because everybody's going top want this weaponry
can you believe this little piece of plastic costs billions of dollars?
they seized the meteorite fragments along with the three scientists and untill now their whereabouts are unknown
if they knew the transport schedule someone must have leaked the information
how can you be so sure it wasn't one of your own people?
why the hell would my guys break into a hangar they already have access to and steal their own aircraft?
there could be serious military ramifications if the wrong people get a hold of this formula
we've got to find out who's behind this pulling the strings
i bet you're going to miss being in the middle of all the action
norman, i'm going to take that fat pension check of mine and head for my favorite fishing hole
that's very considerate, gentlemen but we had something a little bit different in mind
can you imagine, an ordinary machine gun with the destructive force of a ballistic missile?
this mr. nelson of yours is not only a very astute man but he's also going to be very rich because everybody's going top want this weaponry
can you believe this little piece of plastic costs billions of dollars?
i know where you're heading with this, norman, and i don't like it
how can you be so sure it wasn't one of your own people?
why the hell would my guys break into a hangar they already have access to and steal their own aircraft?
because it's a perfect cover and no one would suspect them
thank you i bet you're going to miss being in the middle of all the action
norman, i'm going to take that fat pension check of mine and head for my favorite fishing hole i want a black op assigned to this case
but we've got special ways to make tough guys like you crack i'm waiting
i told you, it's no use i lost all my memory
that's very considerate, gentlemen but we had something a little bit different in mind
can you imagine, an ordinary machine gun with the destructive force of a ballistic missile?
this mr. nelson of yours is not only a very astute man but he's also going to be very rich because everybody's going top want this weaponry
can you believe this little piece of plastic costs billions of dollars?
always do the right thing and stop the people who don't i wish everyone taught their children that
and don't worry, our headquarters are sending through the information about your identity
i mean, not to disrespect the gender, but the game of poker is designed by men, for men, and that is why men know...
- actually, if i'm not mistaken, poker derives from the ancient persian game of as nas, designed as a diversion for the young women of their imperial court.
- you going to defend yourself by drowning somebody to death?
- well, i thought it'd be a little more humane than, you know... blinding some guy, or... kicking him in the, uh, you know... the nether regions.
but, um... until i work that out, i was just kind of hoping that, you know, maybe you could steer me in the right direction.
- oh, sure, i can give you all the advice you need to get into the academy.
i brought up those assault charges from the poker game in arkansas.
i said, "you'll do time." she says, "so, i'll do time."
no, we're going to break in, look through her personal possessions and use her can without a warrant.
- just one more time, and then we can be together always.
- dammit, fraser, if you are gonna drop a guy, you got to say something first, like, "ray, i'm gonna drop you."
well, i'm sorry, ray, but with my back being the way it is, it was extremely difficult to hang on.
if you don't mind me saying so, you pursue a very dangerous occupation.
- the strange thing is, i wanted to be a physician.
- look, fraser, all i'm trying to say here is this woman is a dangerous customer.
i mean, she's covering angles, she's looking at the odds, she's looking for insurance.
i used to go to the track and play the horses.
one day i was down there and i met this chick from albany.
i wonder if you'd mind looking up some information for me?
- frase, can i ask you a question about your work?
- i'll try to answer, but, of course, as a member of the rcmp, i have taken an oath of secrecy.
as a consequence, there are certain matters that i'm bound not to discuss.
i can't eat on game day, i can't use my toothpaste,
i can't face any corner of the room for more than 10 seconds, and i can't smell a man until i sit at the table.
- you know, steel eyes, extremities are often insufficiently protected against the challenge of a northern winter.
as a matter of fact, i once knew a man who lost the crotch of his pants on a barbed-wire fence, and later that night, a particularly harsh night, he almost lost his, uh...
now, what is the possibility of getting three of those four cards in a seven-hand game with none of them showing?
i don't think the odds could be any greater than 1 in 2,756.
- well, there was something about her manner in the hotel room that suggested she wasn't truly in any mortal peril.
also, she claimed to have been a medical student at new york university, but there was no record to support that claim.
- not the kiss, not the kiss, that you suspected her.
- i wasn't sure, but as you had instructed me, there are certain cards that are better left hidden until they're absolutely needed.
- it first came to north america by way of the persian sailors, who taught it to the french settlers of new orleans.
of course, the french added their own terms for betting to the game, such as "i poque you for a dollar,"
i brought up those assault charges from the poker game in arkansas.
i said, "you'll do time. " she says, "so, i'll do time. "
- we aren't really going to leave a note, are we?
no, we're going to break in, look through her personal possessions and use her can without a warrant.
- ray, we know this man is dangerous, and he probably came here to eliminate a witness, and if that's the case, he'll undoubtedly try again.
furthermore, in the absence of a hard and fast deal, if we hand her to the federal agents, it's unlikely her protection will be a high priority.
i mean, she's covering angles, she's looking at the odds, she's looking for insurance.
this is not, you know, the little girl from the igloo next door.
i used to go to the track and play the horses.
one day i was down there and i met this chick from albany.
i wonder if you'd mind looking up some information for me?
- frase, can i ask you a question about your work?
- i'll try to answer, but, of course, as a member of the rcmp, i have taken an oath of secrecy.
as a consequence, there are certain matters that i'm bound not to discuss.
i can't eat on game day, i can't use my toothpaste,
i can't face any corner of the room for more than 10 seconds, and i can't smell a man until i sit at the table.
- you know, steel eyes, extremities are often insufficiently protected against the challenge of a northern winter.
as a matter of fact, i once knew a man who lost the crotch of his pants on a barbed-wire fence, and later that night, a particularly harsh night, he almost lost his, uh...
there's 52 cards in a deck, four cards in any given suit.
now, what is the possibility of getting three of those four cards in a seven-hand game with none of them showing?
- well, there was something about her manner in the hotel room that suggested she wasn't truly in any mortal peril.
also, she claimed to have been a medical student at new york university, but there was no record to support that claim.
- not the kiss, not the kiss, that you suspected her.
- i wasn't sure, but as you had instructed me, there are certain cards that are better left hidden until they're absolutely needed.
in three years, her above-average sat scores will grant her admission into a small liberal arts college, somewhere in new england where she'll major in art history before returning to manhattan to marry a bond trader she meets some saturday afternoon at an america's cup watching party.
within a year, they move to suburban connecticut, refurbish an old farmhouse, and raise three neurotically perfect children.
you know what, dawson, i don't know how to tell you this, but...
the guy with the brown hair and the throbbing neck muscles the guy with tamara jacobs that's me.
your mom was just helping me out with a little wardrobe problem.
seems the station research has indicated that while viewers like me they hate my sport coats.
maybe there's some of that sexual tension thing that happens when a guy and a girl have been friends for so long, but that's as far as it goes.
and as far as dawson and me, grams you saw the entire highlight reel yesterday afternoon.
but before you say anything just know that your opinion means a lot to me and if you hate it i can't anticipate the downward spiral it might send me on.
well, my pathetic shriek aside, i think it's really good, dawson.
maybe one of the things you're thinking is how unfair it is that right now, when you need to talk to someone most you're kind of stuck here with little more than a semi-stranger.
but we always seem to have something to say to each other even if our conversations are more banter than real talk.
apparently, the scent of his aqua velva was too much to resist."
i think we both know that's not the best idea, dawson.
you could tell me why you've been avoiding me or what's behind that look.
whether it's repulsion or jealousy or complete disapproval because i know i've never seen it from you before.
she's saying, "i understand, you're nervous about making the first move on me because you're some romantic who puts women like me up on a pedestal.
so, here, i'm gonna give you the greatest gift any desirable woman can give to a sexually inexperienced guy."
dawson, the jen lindley that you have built up in your mind does not entirely exist, okay?
in your movies she can be whatever you want, but in real life the scripts got thrown out.
most of our college friends are already on their second marriages by now.
we all got married at the same time early 20s, which is young by today's...
i admit there's a strong possibility this is not the right time...
but, you know, after 20 years, i can still say the same thing i did then.
yeah, but i was having a drink with the rich guy at the bar.
until moneybags got fresh, and you needed somebody to bail you out.
in three years, her above-average sat scores will grant her admission into a small liberal arts college, somewhere in new england where she'll major in art history before returning to manhattan to marry a bond trader she meets some saturday afternoon at an america's cup watching party.
within a year, they move to suburban connecticut, refurbish an old farmhouse, and raise three neurotically perfect children.
you know what, dawson, i don't know how to tell you this, but....
the guy with the brown hair and the throbbing neck muscles the guy with tamara jacobs that's me.
your mom was just helping me out with a little wardrobe problem.
seems the station research has indicated that while viewers like me they hate my sport coats.
maybe there's some of that sexual tension thing that happens when a guy and a girl have been friends for so long, but that's as far as it goes.
and as far as dawson and me, grams you saw the entire highlight reel yesterday afternoon.
but before you say anything just know that your opinion means a lot to me and if you hate it i can't anticipate the downward spiral it might send me on.
well, my pathetic shriek aside, i think it's really good, dawson.
but we always seem to have something to say to each other even if our conversations are more banter than real talk.
you know, fun and sweet and everything, but kind of on the surface.
i think we both know that's not the best idea, dawson.
god, i joked about them having an affair, but i was never serious.
you could tell me why you've been avoiding me or what's behind that look.
whether it's repulsion or jealousy or complete disapproval because i know i've never seen it from you before.
she's saying, "l understand, you're nervous about making the first move on me because you're some romantic who puts women like me up on a pedestal.
so, here, i'm gonna give you the greatest gift any desirable woman can give to a sexually inexperienced guy."
dawson, the jen lindley that you have built up in your mind does not entirely exist, okay?
in your movies she can be whatever you want, but in real life the scripts got thrown out.
most of our college friends are already on their second marriages by now.
we all got married at the same time early 20s, which is young by today's--
i admit there's a strong possibility this is not the right time--
but, you know, after 20 years, i can still say the same thing i did then.
yeah, but i was having a drink with the rich guy at the bar.
until moneybags got fresh, and you needed somebody to bail you out.
i know you thought she was saving herself for you, but...
i was shooting some pickups at the ruins with jen, and we left the camera running when we ran out, and the rest is pornographic history.
if you're thinking of tracking him down, look for the guy with brown hair and throbbing neck muscles.
hey, dawson, i think i should get to take a look at that tape.
just look at it this way, dawson, repressing desire can only make it more powerful.
so i figure the next time i see you, we are in for one titanic kiss.
your mother just told me that she has never before seen the scar underneath my chin.
the one you got from that moped accident 1 0 years ago?
the guy who talks about it, but not the guy who gets her.
enough people say that stuff about you and you start to believe it yourself.
and as far as dawson and me, grams you saw the entire highlight reel yesterday afternoon.
so i'd be correct in assuming you have certain feelings for him?
i only hope you can avoid making the mistakes that you and i both know girls your age often make.
you know, you always find a way to get that last dig in, don't you?
that guy sleeps with some chick, who, granted, is his mother.
he's so freaked out by it, he pokes out his own eyes.
but we always seem to have something to say to each other even if our conversations are more banter than real talk.
you know, fun and sweet and everything, but kind of on the surface.
i think we both know that's not the best idea, dawson.
god, i joked about them having an affair, but i was never serious.
don't you ever wonder why two months ago why i suddenly come to live up here?
you told me it's because your grandfather's sick and your grandmother needed your help.
look, my parents didn't exactly send me up here to help out grams.
they sent me up here because the clichés about teenagers in the big city are true.
they grow up too fast, stay out too late, hang out with the wrong kind of people, have sex too young.
and your parents wanted to get you away from kids like that?
yesterday at the café when i tried to hold your hand...
and because we were in a public place where any number of students or teachers or parents could see us, i didn't let you?
whether it's repulsion or jealousy or complete disapproval because i know i've never seen it from you before.
you could tell me you suddenly feel strange about us, that we need a break because you don't seem to know me, and maybe you never did.
we all got married at the same time early 20s, which is young by today's...
i admit there's a strong possibility this is not the right time...
you know, between you and me, i don't even know what the big deal is.
i mean, in two years, nearly 55 percent of my peers will have had sex and in five years, it'll be almost 1 00, and nobody will care when i did it.
and by the way, we're old pals now, blondie and i, so if you have any messages you want to get to her, let me know...
look, whatever you've done, thanks, but i just don't want to talk about it right now.
nobita and i are going to the mountain past the protection barrier
i hope you can prevent them from loading the creature into the ship
i want the barstools removed by the end of the day.
now, it's come to my attention that your dabo wheel is in violation of station regulation 4721, which states-
well, my first and hopefully last mission report for starfleet command.
you know, when i first agreed to be convoy liaison officer
my pod was torn open on impact and the rain is pouring in.
i'll take the radio and a survival kit with me but the environmental suits were damaged in the crash, so i-i'll have to rough it.
i'm sure nothing gives you more pleasure than stifling my creativity.
only you would consider barstools to be a form of artistic expression.
of course, now that the sun is up, i can see how truly ugly my new little home is.
there's nothing out there but dirt and some rocks and some more dirt and some more rocks.
we were finally heading home, if you can believe that but then we picked up some strange energy readings in a nearby star system and i decided to stop and investigate.
we found an energy barrier around the fourth planet that was unlike anything we'd ever seen and when we probed it with our scanners it triggered a quantum reaction.
there was an enormous surge of metreon radiation that disabled our engines.
the next thing i knew we were spiraling in toward the surface.
i gave the order to abandon ship and the last thing i remember is a console exploding in my face.
i woke up in an escape pod on the surface and i've spent the last day and a half sitting in this cave trying to raise someone on subspace.
will you reduce the dosage, captain to 8cc's every six hours?
we need to stretch out your supply as long as possible.
now, at first, i didn't want anything to do with him.
he kept pointing his antennae at me whenever i walked through his office.
i have no way of contacting him until he gets here saturday night.
well, can't you just explain to him that he'll have to wait another day?
that's exactly how i feel but saying it out loud is almost heresy.
and there's this assumption nowadays that... only someone with a diploma can listen to your problems or give you advice.
i was going to ask you, which is "how are you feeling?"
i can hear that you're in your usual acerbic good mood.
that would increase our velocity to warp 9.5 and save us almost a full day.
the problem on the defiant is how to maintain structural integrity when we go above warp 9.
off duty, i'm sure kasidy is exactly what you need but on the defiant, she's a random element... a piece that doesn't fit anywhere in the puzzle.
she was the convoy liaison officer on our last mission and a damned good one, too.
if it wasn't for me he and major kira would never have gotten together in the first place.
i was there for him during all the heartache and the lonely nights.
no, i have a heart and i really care about all of you even though sometimes it would appear that i care more about my work.
to the woman who, uh, taught me that it is sometimes necessary to say these things-
lisa cusak was my friend... but you are also my friends and i want my friends in my life because someday we're going to wake up and we're going to find that someone is missing from this circle
and on that day, we're going to mourn... and we shouldn't have to mourn alone.
with the safe arrival of convey pq-1 in the vegan system our escort duties are now complete and i've set course for home.
well, my first and hopefully last mission report for starfleet command.
i didn't see any other escape pods leave before the ship was destroyed, so i may be the only survivor.
my pod was torn open on impact and the rain is pouring in.
i'll take the radio and a survival kit with me but the environmental suits were damaged in the crash, so l-i'll have to rough it.
this is an l-class world and the atmosphere is barely breathable out there.
the last thing i want to deal with is a panicked lover looking for a gift at the last minute.
there's a whole promenade of shopkeepers out there if you want to buy a gift.
we found an energy barrier around the fourth planet that was unlike anything we'd ever seen and when we probed it with our scanners it triggered a quantum reaction.
there was an enormous surge of metreon radiation that disabled our engines.
the next thing i knew we were spiraling in toward the surface.
i gave the order to abandon ship and the last thing i remember is a console exploding in my face.
tell me there's still something to look forward to when i get home.
tell me people still fall in love and get married and raise families.
in fact, the tension level went up when you said her name.
you sounded more relaxed when you were telling me about the war.
i was assigned to the federation embassy as an attaché and he was working in the andorian agricultural ministry.
now, at first, i didn't want anything to do with him.
i have no way of contacting him until he gets here saturday night.
well, can't you just explain to him that he'll have to wait another day?
that's exactly how i feel but saying it out loud is almost heresy.
and there's this assumption nowadays that... only someone with a diploma can listen to your problems or give you advice.
i was going to ask you, which is "how are you feeling?"
i can hear that you're in your usual acerbic good mood.
that would increase our velocity to warp 9.5 and save us almost a full day.
the problem on the defiant is how to maintain structural integrity when we go above warp 9.
off duty, i'm sure kasidy is exactly what you need but on the defiant, she's a random element... a piece that doesn't fit anywhere in the puzzle.
she was the convoy liaison officer on our last mission and a damned good one, too.
if it wasn't for me he and major kira would never have gotten together in the first place.
i was there for him during all the heartache and the lonely nights.
i never shook her hand... and i never saw her face... but she, she made me laugh... and she made me weep.
she was all by herself and i was surrounded by my friends.
he's also better able to enjoy the view of the lovely dabo girls.
and should he require another drink he need only spin back.
the man's experienced unrequited love for the better part of three years.
now he has her, he wants to know why he should celebrate their anniversary.
the last thing i want to deal with is a lover looking for a last-minute gift.
there's a promenade of shopkeepers out there, if you want to buy a gift.
i'm sorry. i shouldn't be laying all this on your shoulders, captain.
no, it's all right, miles. it sounds like you need to talk with someone.
that would increase our velocity to warp 9.5 and save us a full day.
the defiant's problem is structural integrity when going above warp 9.
i'm sure i'm not the only one around here who feels the same way.
if you ask me, everyone on that ship could use some r and r.
i was there for him during all the heartache and the lonely nights.
he was wallowing in misery because she was still seeing shakaar.
an active scan is what triggered the destruction of the olympia.
it's an exogenic field generated by unstable elements in the planet's core.
three years and two months but all the evidence fits: age, rank, the way she died.
if she's been dead for three years how has she been talking to us?
with the safe arrival of convey pq-1 in the vegan system our escort duties are now complete and i've set course for home.
well, my first and hopefully last mission report for starfleet command.
i didn't see any other escape pods leave before the ship was destroyed, so i may be the only survivor.
my pod was torn open on impact and the rain is pouring in.
i'll take the radio and a survival kit with me but the environmental suits were damaged in the crash, so l-i'll have to rough it.
this is an l-class world and the atmosphere is barely breathable out there.
the last thing i want to deal with is a panicked lover looking for a gift at the last minute.
there's a whole promenade of shopkeepers out there if you want to buy a gift.
we found an energy barrier around the fourth planet that was unlike anything we'd ever seen and when we probed it with our scanners it triggered a quantum reaction.
there was an enormous surge of metreon radiation that disabled our engines.
the next thing i knew we were spiraling in toward the surface.
i gave the order to abandon ship and the last thing i remember is a console exploding in my face.
tell me there's still something to look forward to when i get home.
tell me people still fall in love and get married and raise families.
in fact, the tension level went up when you said her name.
you sounded more relaxed when you were telling me about the war.
i was assigned to the federation embassy as an attaché and he was working in the andorian agricultural ministry.
now, at first, i didn't want anything to do with him.
i have no way of contacting him until he gets here saturday night.
well, can't you just explain to him that he'll have to wait another day?
that's exactly how i feel but saying it out loud is almost heresy.
and there's this assumption nowadays that... only someone with a diploma can listen to your problems or give you advice.
i was going to ask you, which is "how are you feeling?"
i can hear that you're in your usual acerbic good mood.
that would increase our velocity to warp 9.5 and save us almost a full day.
the problem on the defiant is how to maintain structural integrity when we go above warp 9.
off duty, i'm sure kasidy is exactly what you need but on the defiant, she's a random element... a piece that doesn't fit anywhere in the puzzle.
she was the convoy liaison officer on our last mission and a damned good one, too.
if it wasn't for me he and major kira would never have gotten together in the first place.
i was there for him during all the heartache and the lonely nights.
i never shook her hand... and i never saw her face... but she, she made me laugh... and she made me weep.
she was all by herself and i was surrounded by my friends.
welcome, students and faculty to farber high school's groundhog day gala.
it warms my cockles to see all the school clubs pitching in to make this day a success.
you may have all wondered how gary and i, social outcasts and misfits for years managed to achieve basic social skills, clear skin and the occasional date with a cheerleader.
well, it's because one night my computer, a lightning storm and the universe, or god, or somebody created for us this magical being able to control time and space
everyone... we got a one-in-a-million shot of surviving here but we must do the one thing we couldn't do before-- cooperate.
by using the frozen alien as a guideline we'll make a realistic costume and then, some brave volunteer can pass himself off as an alien infiltrate their spaceship and destroy them
[ microphone feedback ] students... we're about to try and pull off the biggest roll of the dice in the history of farber.
farber... that word should have new meaning for us all today.
we have put aside our petty differences and united in a common goal.
and perhaps it's fate that today is groundhog day and that we are fighting to come out from beneath the wintry shadow of alien oppression.
there, with fellow jag lawyer major sarah mackenzie, he now fights in and out of the courtroom with the same daring and tenacity that made him a top gun in the air.
the quantico command has seen fit to recommend court-martial proceedings against marine tank driver daryl wetzel for dereliction of duty during war games.
i've been sensing among the staff a certain cavalier attitude toward boilerplate cases.
since i've never met a defendant with that perspective, it has me concerned.
excuse me, when was the last time the baby was changed?
well, i was just about to when you rang my bell.
general, corporal wetzel's problems stem from his wife's custody of their 1 -year-old child.
the corporal's problem has been addressed at two prior article 15 proceedings.
the chronic tardiness he claimed was due to his wife's neglect of their child.
the drunk and disorderly was because the forfeiture of pay made it hard for him to provide for his family.
but i will not reward a man for having a messy life.
every joe with a sad story would be in here looking for a ticket out.
so you go for your continuance, and, well, we'll do whatever it is we do.
look, i didn't mean to suggest that you weren't approaching this case...
he also notes he was screaming, and that her son, sean, was in the car at the time, hysterical and traumatised.
now, that happened on a date not authorised for child visitation.
your honour, corporal wetzel was simply trying to prevent his wife from absconding with their son, as is evidenced by this affidavit from a neighbour, mrs. jean kisco.
mrs. kisco, aware of marie wetzel's intentions, warned the corporal, who arrived understandably upset.
he used to be one of the top civil rights advocates.
we just studied one of his cases in my tort seminar.
harm, there are times when military protocol gives us an excuse to avoid human interaction.
hey, when you boil it down, every branch of the service is concerned with the same three principles:
i was raised by my grandma bea, the finest woman i've ever known.
she taught me many great things, the best of which is:
here's powell as kent takes up the defensive side on the inbound.
hits powell, who scores immediately as he comes into the game.
now that the story is in the public eye, can you say what it's been like for you?
well, some guy named louis wants to take pictures of me or something.
we found the car before he could get to it, so we know that he's still on the base.
sir, i would ask when you find the corporal that you use restraint.
you two are making him sound like he needs two aspirin and a good sleep.
the corporal is not the only one on this planet with problems.
the corporal apparently has had episodes of alcoholism and spousal abuse.
there must be quite a bit of concern for that child's safety.
i don't love my country any less than i do my son.
i don't understand why i gotta choose between the two, ma'am.
after what happened, the judge will be inclined to side with the mother.
our only shot is to prove that she's unfit, so we'll need some hard evidence for that.
your honour, mrs. green, a widow for some 30 years, has dedicated her life to raising children.
she was a licensed foster parent for nine years prior to the untimely passing of her daughter and her son-in-law, whereupon she raised daryl.
your honour, corporal wetzel is not exactly a poster boy for good upbringing.
now, besides, in two trials, no one has provided a shred of evidence that marie wetzel here is incapable of raising her own child.
in the first trial, corporal wetzel made allegations, unsubstantiated at the time, that marie wetzel was an unrepentant drug user.
and that this behaviour inhibited her ability to care for their son.
now, commander rabb and major mackenzie were given permission to scan the raw footage for possible evidence.
when they did a background check on mr. stadler, they discovered that he was in the county lockup, awaiting trial on charges of possession with intent to distribute crystallised methamphetamine.
there, with fellow jag lawyer major sarah mackenzie, he now fights in and out of the courtroom with the same daring and tenacity that made him a top gun in the air.
the quantico command has seen fit to recommend court-martial proceedings against marine tank driver daryl wetzel for dereliction of duty during war games.
i've been sensing among the staff a certain cavalier attitude toward boilerplate cases.
since i've never met a defendant with that perspective, it has me concerned.
excuse me, when was the last time the baby was changed?
well, i was just about to when you rang my bell.
general, corporal wetzel's problems stem from his wife's custody of their 1 -year-old child.
the corporal's problem has been addressed at two prior article 15 proceedings.
the chronic tardiness he claimed was due to his wife's neglect of their child.
the drunk and disorderly was because the forfeiture of pay made it hard for him to provide for his family.
but i will not reward a man for having a messy life.
every joe with a sad story would be in here looking for a ticket out.
so you go for your continuance, and, well, we'll do whatever it is we do.
look, i didn't mean to suggest that you weren't approaching this case...
he also notes he was screaming, and that her son, sean, was in the car at the time, hysterical and traumatised.
now, that happened on a date not authorised for child visitation.
your honour, corporal wetzel was simply trying to prevent his wife from absconding with their son, as is evidenced by this affidavit from a neighbour, mrs. jean kisco.
mrs. kisco, aware of marie wetzel's intentions, warned the corporal, who arrived understandably upset.
he used to be one of the top civil rights advocates.
we just studied one of his cases in my tort seminar.
harm, there are times when military protocol gives us an excuse to avoid human interaction.
hey, when you boil it down, every branch of the service is concerned with the same three principles:
i was raised by my grandma bea, the finest woman i've ever known.
she taught me many great things, the best of which is:
here's powell as kent takes up the defensive side on the inbound.
hits powell, who scores immediately as he comes into the game.
now that the story is in the public eye, can you say what it's been like for you?
well, some guy named louis wants to take pictures of me or something.
we found the car before he could get to it, so we know that he's still on the base.
sir, i would ask when you find the corporal that you use restraint.
you two are making him sound like he needs two aspirin and a good sleep.
the corporal is not the only one on this planet with problems.
the corporal apparently has had episodes of alcoholism and spousal abuse.
there must be quite a bit of concern for that child's safety.
i don't love my country any less than i do my son.
i don't understand why i gotta choose between the two, ma'am.
after what happened, the judge will be inclined to side with the mother.
our only shot is to prove that she's unfit, so we'll need some hard evidence for that.
your honour, mrs. green, a widow for some 30 years, has dedicated her life to raising children.
she was a licensed foster parent for nine years prior to the untimely passing of her daughter and her son-in-law, whereupon she raised daryl.
your honour, corporal wetzel is not exactly a poster boy for good upbringing.
now, besides, in two trials, no one has provided a shred of evidence that marie wetzel here is incapable of raising her own child.
in the first trial, corporal wetzel made allegations, unsubstantiated at the time, that marie wetzel was an unrepentant drug user.
and that this behaviour inhibited her ability to care for their son.
now, commander rabb and major mackenzie were given permission to scan the raw footage for possible evidence.
when they did a background check on mr. stadler, they discovered that he was in the county lockup, awaiting trial on charges of possession with intent to distribute crystallised methamphetamine.
the only time your wizened old frame gets any touching up from him is when you stick it under his nose at oommunion.
ooh, he makes me tremble when he puts that wafer in me mouth i bit his fingers one time.
it is so good to see a family gathering round at a time like this.
with your love and support i can see her living to a hundred.
i just couldn't help myself, i'd locked the door but they burst in and found me in my glory;
fur, tails, claws, the lot. i was holding a copy of 'wolf weekly.'
you'll have to be careful 'cause that nice mrs drax'll be looking after her from now on.
if you hadn't been so stingy we wouldn't need no more.
he was merely using violent imagery to emphasies the wickedness of sin.
may i just add that today, to help us celebrate this beautiful sunday morning,
fanny and doreen have kindly provided us with coffee and cakes and since it is such a lovely day, i thought we might have them outside.
so now if we all stand to sing hymn 31 1 .
ooh it's awful, it's terrible and each she does it all by herself.
and every time we find her further and further from the house.
look, we are all tired and upset, that's the last thing i need.
it says in the certificate that it was shock and exposure.
the other day i saw doreen wearing one of granny's earrings.
it doesn't surprise me, the pair of them give me the creeps. ...
anyway, i've been thinking what you said and i love you.
and i guess it was anger that made me go with polly.
i just hope you meant what you said because i'd like to give things another try. ...
you haven't heard a word of what i've been saying, have you?
today we are going to talk about the wickedness of wolves.
the evil wolves who took the life of madeleine gladys drax.
for some of you, it's the homestretch because... you're waiting for your diploma to begin your working life.
and for others... well... it's the necessary passport to higher education.
he journeyed the earth, battling the minions of his wicked stepmother, hera, the all-powerful queen of the gods.
but wherever there was evil, wherever an innocent would suffer, there would be...
- i'm sure they're all wonderful, and choosing one won't be easy.
[ chuckling ] [ man ] i've waited for this moment all my life.
and even worse, i tried to pretend i was somebody i'm not.
[ sighs ] you wanted a friend, someone to talk to, someone to share things with.
when hephaestus finds out how you ruined things, he'll pound you senseless.
unfortunately for you, poor, love-struck heph is off chasing after aphrodite.
hercules possessed a strength the world had never seen, a strength surpassed only by the power of his heart.
he journeyed the earth battling the minions of his wicked stepmother, hera, the all-powerful queen of the gods.
and even worse, i tried to pretend i was somebody i'm not.
you wanted a friend, someone to talk to..., ...someone to share things with.
in that case, would you pose for a papyrus pinup i was thinking about?
i'm thinking of folding it three ways..., ...putting it in the middle of a men's gentlemen's quarterly scroll.
i think our emerging hormones are destined to alter our relationship and i'm trying to limit the fallout.
your emerging hormones aren't developing a thing for me, are they?
i am trying really hard to keep my rebellious nature in check.
i'll tell you what, i'll go to church when you say the word "penis."
does that mean we have to go hump the coffee table?
if sex is so important then how come spielberg has never had a sex scene in one of his movies?
the truth is, you're a well-put-together knockout of a woman who's feeling a little insecure about hitting 40.
so when a virile boy, such as myself, flirts with you, you enjoy it.
what we have is the only thing that makes sense to me.
when i saw you at the movie theater with that lipstick on i remember thinking how pretty you looked.
sex is a very big part of who we are as human beings.
does that mean we have to go hump the coffee table?
if sex is so important then how come spielberg has never had a sex scene in one of his movies?
he keeps it in its proper place in film, as should we in life.
is there some reason you don't want to thank our lord this morning?
grams, i really didn't want to get into this since i only just got here and i'm kind of prone to headaches and all but i don't do well with the church and the bible and this prayer stuff.
sex is a very big part of who we are as human beings.
does that mean we have to go hump the coffee table?
if sex is so important then how come spielberg has never had a sex scene in one of his movies?
he keeps it in its proper place in film, as should we in life.
i'm using a reciprocating saw on these two-by-fours, it doesn't seem to work.
a reason for that, al, is because these boards are hard and brittle, and maybe some knots in them.
in order to get a solid grip on this, i put some sticky stuff on my gloves.
same stuff the nfl players use to grab onto the ball.
i talked to my college advisor, she said i need more extracurricular activities.
you can help me and your mom start our own country.
at the end of my article i will introduce data from the epa and the dep.
now will that data include the number of people who fall asleep reading the data?
and after the cast came off and jeff got used to his glass eye, we were best friends.
of all the people that they could have audited, why'd they pick us?
you know how much i hate it when you guys fight.
then you should be telling your flute story to mr hey yo yo.
the big deal is that brad's going away to college in a year.
and you only have so much time left, that you could hang out together, you should take advantage.
that would work, if we could stand the sight of each other.
i don't believe that's true, i don't think you do either.
i would hate to think a newspaper article would come between you.
yeah, well why don't you go tell that to mutant boy.
if brad had written a brilliant article, would you feel any differently?
i might be a bit jealous, but at least i would've respected it.
each time a man stands up for an ideal, he sends forth a tiny ripple of hope.
i'd like to believe that, but how do i keep pouring my heart into my writing if people are more interested in who's scratching where.
i was so outraged by being upstaged by winchell, i wanted to quit.
and then suddenly, i realized, if more people buy the paper to read winchell, more people are gonna read mine.
brad, you printed the names of the guys who don't shower after gym class.
yeah, you're just mad because your name was on the list.
maybe one day we can combine our talents and write something together.
hey yo, did you see what ralph nader wore to the latest epa conference?
and since, technically, the contract is with quake, he is off the hook, and i'm on the line.
now i have to tell one of the richest families in the city that the chef they hired can't do their wedding, they're stuck with me.
no, but i shouldn't be surprised that you would think that.
after all, i am the irresponsible sister, the black sheep who always screws up, the dark cloud over the halliwell household.
i know you may have made the deal with chef moore, but i have been involved with every step of the preparation.
so if you let me, i can guarantee you a wedding that your children and grandchildren will talk about for generations.
no one, and i do mean no one, puts the love and tender care that piper puts into her cooking.
so you should not only be grateful that chef moore bagged out, but you should consider yourselves lucky.
i need to confirm the party trays for the bachelor and bachelorette parties tonight.
it looks like no decision has been made yet about the type of deli sandwiches for the bachelor party.
you should've thought about that before you agreed to our arrangement.
and let me remind you of one more thing, mrs spencer.
this is huge, a child born into the wealth and power of the spencer family?
and i don't think it's a coincidence that you're catering the wedding.
i think it's one of those things that we can kind of look forward to as protectors of the innocent.
well, before we ruin the wedding, and my career, let's make sure we're right about jade.
and everything was fine, right on schedule until about six days ago.
that's when jade appeared out of nowhere and started working at the spencer family business.
the elliot i know, the elliot i love, isn't here anymore.
what if i told you elliot isn't himself, because this woman has put him under a spell, so to speak?
let's just say we come from a very interesting family tree.
look, if you can, if you'll trust me we can bring you and elliot together.
man, the spencers sure go in for a lot of security.
those cameras should've picked up something around the time the priest was killed.
- am i in for a cold shower, yes or no?
at certain times in our life, a cold shower is probably a good thing.
- you damn well better explain because i am not leaving here until you do.
i've called the police, the sheriff, nobody will listen to me, nobody believes me!
okay, but i do know my sister, and she is the best damn chef in this city.
no one, and i do mean no one, puts the love and tender care that piper puts into her cooking.
so you should not only be grateful that chef moore bagged out, but you should consider yourselves lucky.
if there is even the slightest hitch, i will have your head.
she has to find an innocent, put him under her spell and marry him in a sanctified wedding.
that doesn't sound any different than most of the single women in this city.
and i don't think it's a coincidence that you're catering the wedding.
i think it's one of those things that we can kind of look forward to as protectors of the innocent.
and no sex, no monster child spending alternate weekends with daddy.
i still say we rely on our power-of-three thing and ix-nay the monster bride and her carnivorous bridesmaids.
that's when jade appeared out of nowhere and started working at the spencer family business.
before i could say, "i do," i was out and she was in.
and since, technically, the contract is with quake, he is off the hook, and i'm on the line.
now i have to tell one of the richest families in the city that the chef they hired can't do their wedding, they're stuck with me.
no, but i shouldn't be surprised that you would think that.
after all, i am the irresponsible sister, the black sheep who always screws up, the dark cloud over the halliwell household.
i know you may have made the deal with chef moore, but i have been involved with every step of the preparation.
so if you let me, i can guarantee you a wedding that your children and grandchildren will talk about for generations.
no one, and i do mean no one, puts the love and tender care that piper puts into her cooking.
so you should not only be grateful that chef moore bagged out, but you should consider yourselves lucky.
i need to confirm the party trays for the bachelor and bachelorette parties tonight.
it looks like no decision has been made yet about the type of deli sandwiches for the bachelor party.
you should've thought about that before you agreed to our arrangement.
and let me remind you of one more thing, mrs spencer.
this is huge, a child born into the wealth and power of the spencer family?
and i don't think it's a coincidence that you're catering the wedding.
i think it's one of those things that we can kind of look forward to as protectors of the innocent.
well, before we ruin the wedding, and my career, let's make sure we're right about jade.
and everything was fine, right on schedule until about six days ago.
that's when jade appeared out of nowhere and started working at the spencer family business.
the elliot i know, the elliot i love, isn't here anymore.
what if i told you elliot isn't himself, because this woman has put him under a spell, so to speak?
let's just say we come from a very interesting family tree.
look, if you can, if you'll trust me we can bring you and elliot together.
man, the spencers sure go in for a lot of security.
those cameras should've picked up something around the time the priest was killed.
- am i in for a cold shower, yes or no?
at certain times in our life, a cold shower is probably a good thing.
- you damn well better explain because i am not leaving here until you do.
i've called the police, the sheriff, nobody will listen to me, nobody believes me!
okay, but i do know my sister, and she is the best damn chef in this city.
no one, and i do mean no one, puts the love and tender care that piper puts into her cooking.
so you should not only be grateful that chef moore bagged out, but you should consider yourselves lucky.
if there is even the slightest hitch, i will have your head.
she has to find an innocent, put him under her spell and marry him in a sanctified wedding.
that doesn't sound any different than most of the single women in this city.
and i don't think it's a coincidence that you're catering the wedding.
i think it's one of those things that we can kind of look forward to as protectors of the innocent.
and no sex, no monster child spending alternate weekends with daddy.
i still say we rely on our power-of-three thing and ix-nay the monster bride and her carnivorous bridesmaids.
that's when jade appeared out of nowhere and started working at the spencer family business.
before i could say, "i do," i was out and she was in.
don't be surprised if they're not very accommodating, especially to us asians.
well, since this is their country, we've got to stay out of trouble, otherwise there'll be problems.
it's strange that after all these years, we'd end up feeling like we were total strangers.
i guess i'm just a little nervous about seeing you again.
i didn't know what to say...although it's really good to see you again.
i like being near you, so i was glad to hear you were transferred here.
well, you're wrong, for i bear the king's sword, and i was sent by god to cleanse this world of sin and corruption.
a true king's sword is never used to hurt or kill, and a true king should rule with kindness and love.
since i am the new messiah, it's my duty to send the unworthy to their deaths.
i already gave you a chance, but you refused to be saved.
don't be surprised if they're not very accommodating, especially to us asians.
well, since this is their country, we've got to stay out of trouble, otherwise there'll be problems.
it isn't easy for us chinese to build a life in a new country.
so i opened this bar, where we can all drink our sadness away.
i guess i'm just a little nervous about seeing you again.
i didn't know what to say...although it's really good to see you again.
well, you're wrong, for i bear the king's sword, and i was sent by god to cleanse this world of sin and corruption.
a true king's sword is never used to hurt or kill, and a true king should rule with kindness and love.
since i am the new messiah, it's my duty to send the unworthy to their deaths.
i already gave you a chance, but you refused to be saved.
it's strange that after all these years, we'd end up feeling like we were total strangers.
i guess i'm just a little nervous about seeing you again.
i didn't know what to say...although it's really good to see you again.
i like being near you, so i was glad to hear you were transferred here.
you can't imagine the pain i feel whenever i kill others.
but i was chosen to bear the cross of the sins of the world.
gentlemen, the holy war to save our master is about to begin.
hey, has it occurred to you that they might just have surrendered mishima's double to us?
i already gave you a chance, but you refused to be saved.
now it's time to say goodbye to this world and those you tried to save.
#7 and 8 units of the section 1 has been assigned.
a search team is stationed at a vacant house in his neighborhood.
we set up the investigation center at the wan-gan police station.
out of concern for the safety of the vice commissioner yoshida, we have not revealed the information.
old harmon's been dead for weeks and we don't know what is to become of his fortune.
society becomes restless when it smells a great fortune left unclaimed.
- in the cape, where i discovered he was living the other day having been abroad for fourteen years.
the whole range of dust mountains is left to young harmon.
ah, but he did leave a sting in the tail of his will.
the son's inheritance is conditional on his marrying a girl he has never met.
except for taking instructions on average once a fortnight for the will of lady tippins - who, by the way, has nothing to leave -
i have no scrap of business except for this harmon romance.
i have been called to the bar for ages and have had...no business at all, which my father uses as an excuse to keep me poor.
yes, he keeps me bound to him with the merest trickle of an income to relieve his disappointment.
what's more, he continually berates me for my lack of energy.
but give me something to be energetic about, by god, i'll show him energy!
i've given notice of the circumstances to the police and the police have taken possession of it.
the police have put into print already and here's what the print says...
very often there is no clue, as there often isn't for ascertaining whether the injuries occurred before or after death.
(inspector) the steward of the ship identified john harmon, along with the clothes and papers, also sworn as those of john harmon.
disagreements in families, personal tragedies, that they would rather not have generally discussed.
at least you will not object to leaving me your card?
that's for mr boffin and his wife to decide when i have explained the full extent of their fortune.
so, the entire harmon fortune - that is the complete range of dust-heaps, including the little one - is entailed to mr nicodemus boffin.
(coroner) we can only imagine john harmon's feelings, as he travelled homewards after so many years abroad, towards his future and the bride that his father had chosen for him.
and we can only imagine how the poor girl feels, her hopes so cruelly dashed.
we have heard the circumstances of mr harmon's return to this country.
and we have heard compelling evidence that the deceased carried with him a large sum of money from the forced sale of his foreign property.
this case is made further interesting by the remarkable experience of jesse - known as "gaffer"
- hexam, having rescued from the thames so many dead bodies.
(coroner) the jury has found that mr harmon was discovered floating in the thames, in some state of decay and much injured.
and that the said john harmon came by his death under highly suspicious circumstances.
though by whose act and in what precise manner, there is no evidence before this jury to show.
i will therefore this day make a recommendation that there should be a police investigation into this mysterious death.
and i have noticed that interested parties have come forward with a substantial reward.
mr boffin has provided an excessively generous amount... ..of ten thousand pounds.
and i'm here in mourning, a kind of widow who has never married.
(bella) i shouldn't care so much if it wasn't so ridiculous.
he was so good as to make an appointment for this morning when you'd be at home.
this is my husband, rw, the undisputed master of the house.
seeing that i am quite satisfied, mr wilfer - with the rooms, that is, and their price -
i hope that a memorandum between us, some two or three lines perhaps, might bind the bargain.
here we have a literary man with a wooden leg, and all print is open to him.
and yet... here i am, a man without a wooden leg, and yet all print is shut to me.
i've told you often, my dear, i hardly spoke a hundred words to the gentleman.
you were sitting on my lap on a bench in the park, rather as we are now,
(mrs wilfer) never let it be said that i ever condoned infant misbehaviour, rw!
and then i screamed and hit you about the head, didn't i, pa?
pay west end sort of prices for it, but it'd be my work and putting together.
mr wegg, if you was brought here loose, in a bag, to be articulated,
a sunday visit from mr and mrs boffin, who must be so busy,
i can hardly imagine why they should honour us at our humble abode.
we are to give up the dusty bower, though we do love it, for a nice new house in a nice new neighbourhood.
i'm thinking of a pale yellow chariot with a fine pair of horses and silver boxes to the wheels!
(mrs boffin) if your sister would like to come, we'd welcome her gladly!
i'm sure i know my duty and will stay at home with ma and pa.
there's been a notice in the times every day in search of the stranger, handford, our mysterious friend from the mortuary.
though maybe none of your regulars, those that can read, peruse that journal.
this house is a respecter of the river and an especial respecter of its dead.
i think that you also know that this house is a respecter of the law.
no, but i can name you twenty others also denied the pleasure.
d'you think they all had a hand in the harmon crime?
the florist begs leave to remind mr lammle of the bill of payments, sir.
i would have thought it imprudent, even for you, to continue to buy goods you cannot afford.
i cannot get rid of you and you cannot get rid of me.
i suggest we reach a mutual understanding which might carry us through.
i have been looking to the future and you can be sure i'm not alone.
when a great fortune appears from nowhere, it is the duty of all beggars, especially the deserving gentry, to beat a path to its door.
we must be amongst them, but we will be in disguise.
"mr and mrs alfred lammle to mr and mrs nicodemus boffin, esquire.
so, if you would try me as your secretary for a trial period only.
naturally i would keep exact accounts of all the expenditure that you've sanctioned, and write letters...
i may not have mentioned to you that it is mrs boffin's inclination... to go in the way of fashion.
i rather inferred that from the scale in which your new establishment is to be maintained.
my noddy has everything accounted for, down to the last farthing, proper and right.
a man such as i was had no use of lettering.
speaking of which, shall we touch upon the eligible lady your respected father has found for you?
i assure you my intentions are opposed to touching the lady!
maybe he wasn't keen on anyone asking what he was doing there that night.
i tell you, i'm giving jesse hexam up to you tonight and i want him took!
i hope i do not pretend to be what i am not.
come, mr rokesmith, surely you can cast off your mysterious disguise and join us?
i came back to england shrinking from my fathers memory, from my fathers money and from my father"s choice of bride, mistrustful of everyone and everything.
i became aware during the course of the voyage that a third mate, one george radfoot, bore a similarity to myself that occasioned me to be mistaken for him.
so we hatched a plot that on landing we would change identities, to buy me a little more time before reporting to mr lightwood.
we would watch miss bella wilfer, as she accuses me of watching her now.
the drug must have been powerful, for it took effect immediately.
the next thing i knew, i was looking at myself as if i was a spirit hovering outside my own body.
radfoot took my identity and the sum of money he had betrayed me for.
suddenly, there was the sound of an axe, a wood-cutter felling trees, a crashing of wood.
i hope i don't take up too much time from your studies.
it is best that i do not come between him and his prospects, don't you think, mr headstone?
this poor ailing creature, surrounded by drunk people from the cradle.
she has such courage, but i fear she is in such pain.
it's a painful thought, but if i do as well as you hope,
i shall be - i won't say disgraced as such - but rather put to the blush by a sister who has been very good to me.
which you would not want, had you not been a self-denying daughter and sister.
this false pride does wrong both to you and your dead father.
i beg your pardon, mr rokesmith, that was unfair of me.
i am going to visit my family soon, as it happens.
if there is anything to be found on these premises, be it money or jewels or papers, let us find it together.
we agree to share profits, we agree to further the cause of right.
i have made up my mind that i must have money.
and, as i can't beg, borrow or steal it, i must marry it.
we find, mr lightwood, that your friend, this eugene wrayburn, pays.
i ask him what right he has to do this and how he comes to be taking such a liberty without my consent.
i will not have any darkness cast upon my prospects, or any slur upon my respectability through my sister...
i am telling eugene wrayburn i object to his acquaintance with my sister, and i request him to drop it altogether.
mr wrayburn encourages those actions to make himself important so she feels grateful to him.
i don't choose her to be grateful to anybody but me and mr headstone.
mr lightwood, you've witnessed what i have said and i think your friend has heard me.
now, mr headstone, as i have said all i wanted to say, and we have done all we wanted to do, we may go.
but i am more than a boy and i will be heard.
judging from what i see, you seem to be rather too passionate for a schoolteacher.
but i fear i would not have found much favour with you.
i-i only have one more thing to say, but it is the most important.
there is a personal... ..concern in this matter which might make you feel differently.
to proceed under the present circumstances is out of the question.
i am prepared to wait, as you have, to find an equal match.
oh, yes, you can be sure alfred loves me every bit as much as i do him.
i should be blind and deaf were i not prepared for the reply.
i beg you may understand, mr rokesmith, you must put an end to this, now and forever.
i was so shy that first night i saw him, i wished i could disappear.
but if you were to meet him on equal terms, what would you think of him?
now, if your good lady and gentleman would loan me twenty shillings to fit out a basket, it should be a fortune for me!
trudging round the countryside, wearing myself out, it would keep the deadness off.
there is one, a schoolmistress, who thinks particularly highly of me.
i have won a station in life which is considered worth winning.
what other men might mean when they use that expression, i cannot tell.
what i mean is that i am under the influence of a tremendous attraction that i resist in vain.
i shall be at my work in the morning, just as usual.
after all my endeavours to cancel the past and to raise myself in the world, and to raise you with me...
it cannot be so very easy to find a man worthy of your attractions.
the question is not to find a man, but an establishment.
the young woman lizzie hexam, daughter of the late jesse - otherwise gaffer - who you will remember was accused of the murder of john harmon.
mr boffin, my client, was, of course, anxious to be in communication with lizzie hexam, as she lives alone and may need assistance.
do you know how long it takes me to earn five shillings?
don't carry on like that, or i'll give the dustman five shillings to carry you off in his dust cart!
shut not thy merciful ears to our prayer, but spare us, lord most holy, god most mighty.
o holy and merciful saviour, thou most worthy judge eternal, suffer us not at our last hour for any pains of death, to fall from thee.
it's not a poor grave with that good fellow beside it.
i have to get back to work now, but i can meet you later if you could stay a few hours.
and i've seen the way he treats you and it gives me pain, because i cannot bear it to be thought that i approve of it.
miss wilfer, if you could know with what delight i see that fortune is not spoiling you.
then, you must excuse me but... ..it must be that there is someone else?
his words are always in my ears, and the blow he struck when he said them is always in my mind.
if i were to forget him, i should lose... ..lose my belief that if i had been his equal and he had loved me, then i would have tried with everything i have to make him better and happier.
i should lose the value i put upon the little learning i have, which is all owing to him.
your highly intelligent and respected solicitor is of the opinion that your affairs are in a bad way, eugene.
how could they be other when you spend your entire day wandering the streets in search of...?
but you can say, at least, that i don't gamble or party or speculate or invest.
or any other greedy activity that may eat up my non-existent income.
it seems to me that you have had no money at all since we've been married.
what seems to you to be the case may possibly be the case.
yes, i am rather ashamed of it myself, so let's change the subject.
it's so deplorably underhand of you, so unworthy, setting up this pathetic spy!
i plan my routes during the day and execute them at night.
i pass him by and refuse to even acknowledge his existence.
he gets to know about me and my property and about bella and the part she played in poor john harmon's story, and he says to himself,
"i'll get in with boffin and my ship will come well and truly in."
and since she rejected me, i have not urged my suit with one syllable or look.
but my devotion to her has not changed, except that now it is deeper and better founded.
you pretend to have a mighty affection for this young lady, but what is due to this young lady is money and she knows that very well!
why, for you to say to this young lady that she should consider you!
to lose the ward and the secretary in one afternoon, that is extremely imprudent of mr boffin.
what is worse, miss bella wilfer and the rokesmith fellow have run off together!
when two people are inclined to run off together, a lawyer is the last person to prevent it.
i said no good would come of settling so much money on a dustman.
the question is, who is going to take care of this will?
- do you know who is going to take care of it?
i propose that we wait while boffin clears the mounds to see if we can profit equally.
and then we can use this to make him pay in money and in humiliation.
let him get ready for his fate when that comes about.
oh, then, i make out, t'otherest, that he is going to see her.
i have followed him day and night now, through the summer holidays.
and i won't leave him until i've seen him with her.
but if you're clever enough to get through life tolerably, then you have the better of me.
i was saying to myself you were sure to come - even though late - as you always keep your word.
mr wrayburn, will you listen to me while i speak to you very seriously?
when you said you were much surprised to see me, was it true?
that first night i met you, when you looked at me so attentively, i had to draw away.
having so looked up to you and wondered at you since that night, and at first thought you to be so good as to be at all mindful of me...
i shan't buy him any cheaper for your being out of it.
might you...pretend to be in it till wegg was bought up, then hand over to me what you'd been supposed to have pocketed?
i want to fix this young clergyman's surplice while it is in my mind.
my poor boy's funeral might've been of some service to me.
if your selfishness - passionate and ungovernable selfishness - had any part in this, you've done me an injury never to be forgiven!
by pursuing the ends of your temper, you've laid me open to suspicion.
and i suppose it's safe for me to assume that you was hoping to...er...fill these vacancies in our household?
you and your wife have done me and the old lady a great service.
i pray... ..i shall last long enough... ..for you to do me one last service.
tell me what it is you want me to do, eugene.
do you remember telling me you felt you were being tested in some way?
well, i think the time may be coming when you will be tested.
a shattered, graceless fellow... ..and next to nothing to leave you when you're a young widow.
i have made the marriage i would've given all the world for.
mr lightwood, you say you have some information concerning the murder of mr john harmon.
but now the mystery is you seem reluctant to divulge it.
if it comes to that, you don't seem in your usual spirits.
you seem getting on for lively and you've had your hair cut and you've fattened up.
well, mr wegg, i can see you're being whittled very low.
one might fancy you've come to see the french gentleman rather than me!
it was on a night when he'd had a disappointment about a certain young lady.
too many's the time i'd seen him sitting so lonely like that as a child.
to think that he'd come to the property wrongfully turned him whiter than chalk.
so we came to our confabulation about a certain young lady.
and i said, "if you don't tell her as soon as you can
"so she can come into her rightful home, then i will!"
well, i did hope it might hint at caution, my dear.
and i assure you that on that celebrated day when i made, which has since been agreed upon, my greatest demonstration -
i allude to "miaow" says the cat, "quack" says the duck,
"bow wow wow" says the dog and john stares at me as if i've gone a little strange - them flinty words hit my old lady so hard on my account,
we might still be in blackheath had it not been for mrs boffin and our friend, the inspector.
(bella) i hope we do not have to part with them again.
i'm much obliged for your good opinion and for the influence so kindly brought to bear on a certain lady both by yourself and mr john harmon.
everything else between you and me is now at an end, but i beg leave to repeat... ..you are a precious...old...
but mr harmon here - ask him if he knows what this piece of paper is.
it is a will of my father's of a later date than the one leaving the estate to the crown.
this is the last will of many made by my unhappy father and it leaves the entire estate to mr boffin excluding me altogether.
mr boffin found it and it disturbed him beyond measure so he buried it in the mound.
i urged him to recover it and have it legally established.
so now you see that this pathetic piece of paper has no value whatsoever.
i'm...sorry, wegg, that... ..me and mrs boffin can't have a higher opinion of you, but...
i shouldn't like to leave you worse off in life than i found you so...what'll it cost to set you up in another stall?
as you know, he's a younger cavalier than me and an admirer of beauty!
he was so affable as to suggest that lizzie should have a portrait done, which for him is like a paternal benediction with gushing tears!
but when you copy my clothes... ..my neckerchief, shake blood on me, you make as if to throw the whole crime on me.
you'll pay me and you'll pay me heavy, you sly devil!
i was playing your game long ago before you tried your clumsy hand in it.
when you stole away, i steals after you and i sees you throw these bloody clothes away and here, then, is proof.
my wife is somewhat nearer to my heart than society is.
so if i should ever think to hide her away, then you, who i love next best in all the world will tell me she would've done better that night i lay bleeding to death to turn me over with her foot and spit in my face.
what else would you call her if the gentleman were present?
i say again, if this gentleman's feelings induced him to marry her, then...he is the greater gentleman for the action...
i'm surprised our tippins has graced this gorgeous spectacle with her royal presence.
oh, old money doesn't mind sniffing around new money for an hour or two.
society becomes restless when it smells a great fortune left unclaimed.
i find it immensely embarrassing having the eyes of society on me to this extent.
i came up in a cab and the cab's waiting to be paid.
(boy) we could go back in it before you pay, if you like.
i've been on the honourable roll of solicitors of the high court for five years now.
except for taking instructions on average once a fortnight for the will of lady tippins - who, by the way, has nothing to leave -
i have no scrap of business except for this harmon romance.
i have been called to the bar for ages and have had...no business at all, which my father uses as an excuse to keep me poor.
yes, he keeps me bound to him with the merest trickle of an income to relieve his disappointment.
what's more, he continually berates me for my lack of energy.
this was the woman in grey boots with her linen marked with a cross.
and these, two young children what had tied themselves together with a handkerchief.
(inspector) no clues as to how the body came to be in the river.
very often there is no clue, as there often isn't for ascertaining whether the injuries occurred before or after death.
at least you will not object to leaving me your card?
i would not if i had one, but i do not.
- how will he know what to do with such wealth?
that's for mr boffin and his wife to decide when i have explained the full extent of their fortune.
so, the entire harmon fortune - that is the complete range of dust-heaps, including the little one - is entailed to mr nicodemus boffin.
though i hate to disagree with you on your very first instruction, mr boffin, as your lawyer i must tell you that œ10,000 is too much.
and we can only imagine how the poor girl feels, her hopes so cruelly dashed.
we have heard the circumstances of mr harmon's return to this country.
and we have heard compelling evidence that the deceased carried with him a large sum of money from the forced sale of his foreign property.
no doubt to facilitate the early marriage to the woman who waited for him, patiently and silently.
- hexam, having rescued from the thames so many dead bodies.
(coroner) the jury has found that mr harmon was discovered floating in the thames, in some state of decay and much injured.
and that the said john harmon came by his death under highly suspicious circumstances.
though by whose act and in what precise manner, there is no evidence before this jury to show.
i will therefore this day make a recommendation that there should be a police investigation into this mysterious death.
and i have noticed that interested parties have come forward with a substantial reward.
(bella) i shouldn't care so much if it wasn't so ridiculous.
to think, what an embarrassed first meeting it should have been.
for i have to wait until bella finds herself another husband.
if the truth were known, this embarrassment might have been smoothed away by the money.
(mrs wilfer) ah, rw, this is the gentleman who has taken our first floor.
he was so good as to make an appointment for this morning when you'd be at home.
this is my husband, rw, the undisputed master of the house.
seeing that i am quite satisfied, mr wilfer - with the rooms, that is, and their price -
i hope that a memorandum between us, some two or three lines perhaps, might bind the bargain.
(mrs wilfer) the gentleman proposes to take your apartments by the quarter.
now, i've retired from business and come into some little money.
it's too late for me to be shovelling at alphabets and grammar books.
why do you suppose old mr harmon took it in his head to make such a fool out of me?
i've told you often, my dear, i hardly spoke a hundred words to the gentleman.
you may buy a skeleton in the west end, if you like.
pay west end sort of prices for it, but it'd be my work and putting together.
mr wegg, if you was brought here loose, in a bag, to be articulated,
i could name your smallest bones blindfolded, and sort 'em all in a manner that would surprise and charm you.
a man climbs to the top of the tree, mr wegg, only to see there's no look-out when he's got there.
i sit here... of a night, surrounded by the finest trophies of my art.
(mrs wilfer) and now, to what am i indebted to this honour?
a sunday visit from mr and mrs boffin, who must be so busy,
i can hardly imagine why they should honour us at our humble abode.
perhaps, mrs wilfer, you're acquainted with the boffin name, as having come into a certain prosperity.
we made this call to say how glad we shall be to have the honour and pleasure of your daughter's acquaintance.
we shall be rejoiced if your daughter can come to consider... our house - our new house, that is - her house!
i'm sure i know my duty and will stay at home with ma and pa.
you mustn't feel a dislike for us, for we couldn't help the inheritance and did nothing to further it.
(inspector) you'd think, wouldn't you, miss abby, with the general interest the harmon case has aroused, not least the...er... substantial reward offered, that some clue to the murderer might have arisen?
there's been a notice in the times every day in search of the stranger, handford, our mysterious friend from the mortuary.
i think that most know the meaning of the figures œ10,000, whether they can sign their names or not.
this house is a respecter of the river and an especial respecter of its dead.
is he allowed to drink alongside you at the counter, miss abby?
no, but i can name you twenty others also denied the pleasure.
this is not easy to say but i must do it.
some think that your father helps to their death some of those that he finds dead.
i would have thought it imprudent, even for you, to continue to buy goods you cannot afford.
more fool you, not to notice my financial deficit before we became jointly responsible for it!
when a great fortune appears from nowhere, it is the duty of all beggars, especially the deserving gentry, to beat a path to its door.
we must be amongst them, but we will be in disguise.
i'll get rid of wegg, and we'll go for a walk together round the park.
we'll shine a light in every dark corner, see if we can't shake these cobwebs away.
now i know why those men turned away from me just now.
'cause here's a man what ain't good enough for his own son!
and we would be blessedly free, both of society in general and in particular of my father.
speaking of which, shall we touch upon the eligible lady your respected father has found for you?
(eugene) mr riderhood might have thought another witness would come forward.
maybe he wasn't keen on anyone asking what he was doing there that night.
i'd rather you didn't see her before she was settled, sir.
look here, hexam, i hope your sister may be good company for you.
i became aware during the course of the voyage that a third mate, one george radfoot, bore a similarity to myself that occasioned me to be mistaken for him.
we gradually formed an acquaintance, and - it being known by rumour that i was going to claim my inheritance - he, by degrees, came to know of my sad history and my uneasiness of mind as to my future
when we stopped at riderhoods, i was still not suspicious, although i remember him taking a twist of paper from one pocket to another before we set out for our lodging house.
we cannot have gone a mile from that shop before we came to the house.
the next thing i knew, i was looking at myself as if i was a spirit hovering outside my own body.
radfoot took my identity and the sum of money he had betrayed me for.
i do not know how long i was in the water.
i do not know which side the river spat me out of or how long i lay there.
if i were to come back to life, i will inherit that fortune, and with it sordidly buy a beautiful creature who has little regard for me.
i would buy her and debase her in her own eyes as well as mine.
if i tell her my secret now, i may lose everything.
i will continue to watch her... for a little while longer.
but once he has established himself, that will be another thing.
when are you going to settle yourself in some christian place, lizzie?
throw this pretty child under carthorse's feet, than take him there.
i'll be honest, the poor are driven from pillar to post.
if you trust the dear child to me, he will have the best of homes, the best of care, the best of education and the best of friends.
it did not please our lord to send me any children.
i propose to be of use to someone, which i never was in this world, nor ever will be again, by paying a qualified person of impeccable character and reputation, one mr riah, to come here several nights a week and give you some teaching,
which you would not want, had you not been a self-denying daughter and sister.
it shall not break my heart, but i am genuinely disappointed.
i'd rather set my heart on doing this little thing for you and miss jenny.
speaking of family, miss wilfer, you do not charge me with any commissions for home.
i should be happy to execute any commands you may have in that direction.
i am going to visit my family soon, as it happens.
though what business it may be of yours, i really cannot imagine.
that one belongs to a merchant of immense wealth, who has married a very lovely young woman, and who is so rich that he actually owns all the boats on the river that you see before you.
i suppose we may come to the conclusion at home, my dear, that we have lost you for good.
when i was at home and only knew what it was to be poor, i grumbled but didn't mind so much.
but when i was disappointed of my splendid fortune and now see it daily in others' hands and see what it can really do,
i ask him what right he has to do this and how he comes to be taking such a liberty without my consent.
i will not have any darkness cast upon my prospects, or any slur upon my respectability through my sister...
my sister is an excellent girl, but has romantic notions about my father's death and other matters.
mr wrayburn encourages those actions to make himself important so she feels grateful to him.
i don't choose her to be grateful to anybody but me and mr headstone.
if eugene wrayburn doesn't heed what i say, it will be the worse for her.
that boy could put you to shame in half a dozen branches of knowledge, yet you cast him aside like an inferior.
but i am more than a boy and i will be heard.
if you imagine that boy to be friendless, you are mistaken.
and i promise you... ..you will find me bitterly in earnest against you.
(boffin) first, there is the fine dust from which the bricks are made.
secondly, there are the cinders which are used to burn the bricks into shape.
the help charley objects to was considerately and delicately offered, mr headstone.
jenny and i find our teacher very able and patient... and we are making good progress.
i wish that i had had the opportunity of devoting my... ..poor experience to your service.
but i fear i would not have found much favour with you.
i-i only have one more thing to say, but it is the most important.
there is a personal... ..concern in this matter which might make you feel differently.
to proceed under the present circumstances is out of the question.
will you please accept that there will be another interview on the subject?
was it not enough that i was willed away like a horse or a dog or a package?
now, knowing every penny of my worth, you feel bold enough to speculate on me?
a poor girl who used to row father on the river.
i was so shy that first night i saw him, i wished i could disappear.
i would hope that maybe i could help him become more...
even though i am so far beneath him as to be at all worth the thinking of beside him.
i'm a good knitter, and i can make little things to sell.
now, if your good lady and gentleman would loan me twenty shillings to fit out a basket, it should be a fortune for me!
i'll go for a stroll and i'll be back in a while.
i know what mr headstone means to say and i very highly approve of it.
i hope you will not judge me by my hesitating manner.
most unfortunate for me that i wish you to see me at my best, and know you see me at my worst.
this confusion in my thoughts is what i mean by you being the ruin of me.
but if you were to look favourably on my offer of marriage, you could draw me to any good, every good, with equal force.
mr boffin, my client, was, of course, anxious to be in communication with lizzie hexam, as she lives alone and may need assistance.
he referred the task to me, and i have tried my hardest to find miss hexam.
make a profit from good looks and from the money me and mrs boffin will have the pleasure of settling on you, for we are very fond of you.
a golden ball of opportunity lies at your feet, bella, my dear!
if you want one, go and buy one at the shop!
so my poor little goddaughter in hertfordshire will not profit from my private acquaintance with the superior dolls' dressmaker.
o holy and merciful saviour, thou most worthy judge eternal, suffer us not at our last hour for any pains of death, to fall from thee.
i've took it into my head that i sometimes could have turned the mangle a little harder for her, and it cuts me deep to think of it now.
in her letter to mrs boffin, lizzie stated her name and residence must be kept strictly secret.
i was hoping you might be able to try and find out why.
now i have to admit, reluctantly, that fortune is spoiling mr boffin.
and i've seen the way he treats you and it gives me pain, because i cannot bear it to be thought that i approve of it.
well, i sometimes think that it must lower you in your own estimation.
i have very strong reason for bearing with the drawbacks of my current position.
of a gentleman so far above me and my way of life.
he has shown an interest in me since my father's death.
i should lose the value i put upon the little learning i have, which is all owing to him.
i have no more dreamt of the possibility of my being his wife than he ever has.
my dear mortimer, you are the express picture of contented industry, reposing after the virtues of the day.
you, my dear eugene, are the express picture of discontented idleness.
and now i am about consulting my eminently respected solicitor about the state of my affairs.
your highly intelligent and respected solicitor is of the opinion that your affairs are in a bad way, eugene.
how could they be other when you spend your entire day wandering the streets in search of...?
but you can say, at least, that i don't gamble or party or speculate or invest.
i must ask you not to say that, as if we both took it for granted.
but if you do care for her, you should leave her alone.
what seems to you to be the case may possibly be the case.
in any case, we're soon to be bankrupt if we do nothing about the case.
this young woman was looking about the market for a good bid!
she wasn't about to be snapped up by fellows that had no money to buy with.
"i'll get in with boffin and my ship will come well and truly in."
but he didn't know who he was dealing with, did he, bella, my dear?
i have borne my position here that i might not be separated from miss wilfer.
and since she rejected me, i have not urged my suit with one syllable or look.
but my devotion to her has not changed, except that now it is deeper and better founded.
my feeling for miss wilfer is not one to be ashamed of.
why, for you to say to this young lady that she should consider you!
why, i say it is as if, "miaow," says the cat, "quack," says the duck,
we'll extract a hefty payment from boffin to keep this secret.
what if he's honest and gives up all, according to what is written legally?
and i'm surrounded by the trophies of my art, and my tools is very handy.
i presume, having had the advantage of time, you have formed a view of how we should proceed?
this would be a bad pit for a man to be flung into with his hands tied.
the gates would suck him down afore he'd have a chance of climbing out.
how can i think of you as being on equal terms?
that first night i met you, when you looked at me so attentively, i had to draw away.
i can hear you, mortimer, your sorrowful "eugene, eugene, this is a bad business!"
yet i'd like to hear any fellow say a word against her.
mr boffin...ahem... ..i have to confess... ..i fell into a proposal of which you were the object and oughtn't to have been.
please remember i was in a crushed state at the time.
i ought at once to have made it known to you, but i didn't, mr boffin, and i fell into it.
not that i was ever hearty in it and i viewed myself with reproach for having turned out of the paths of science and into the paths of...
how am i to live if i have to buy up fellows out of the little i've got?
i s'pose there's no doubt as to the genuineness and date of this will?
if i had hit him more from behind, he would not have seen me.
if i had finished the job before throwing him in the river, he would not hover between life and death as he does now.
my poor boy's funeral might've been of some service to me.
it's not to be a funeral doll to be sure, for people do not like to be made melancholy, but a glossy-haired clergyman.
i have something worse to tell you and mr tremlow will not say anything to us about this either!
eugene wrayburn has disgraced his family by marrying a female boat person!
you seem getting on for lively and you've had your hair cut and you've fattened up.
well, mr wegg, i can see you're being whittled very low.
the objections have been met by the kind interference of a new friend of mine.
he waited on the lady and made the point that if i would, after marriage, confine myself to the articulation of men, children and the lower animals only, it might help relieve the lady's mind of her feeling respecting being regarded in a bony light.
i found him out one night in a flash, didn't i?
it was on a night when he'd had a disappointment about a certain young lady.
so we came to our confabulation about a certain young lady.
noddy says, "she's a little spoilt, but that's only on the surface.
"for it is our firm belief that up will you go!"
noddy says, "bella was a little frightened of me at first.
and i assure you that on that celebrated day when i made, which has since been agreed upon, my greatest demonstration -
i allude to "miaow" says the cat, "quack" says the duck,
"bow wow wow" says the dog and john stares at me as if i've gone a little strange - them flinty words hit my old lady so hard on my account,
i had to hold her hard to stop her from running after you and telling you i was playing a part!
i was afraid to lose it and determined to hold fast to it.
i couldn't risk telling you until i had one more signal of your love and then yet more and more.
know that i took the liberty of telling mr boffin about our enterprise at quite an early stage.
though my hands were not, for a few hours, quite as clean as i could wish,
you can afford to be so bold now you have so much less to lose!
but mr harmon here - ask him if he knows what this piece of paper is.
i only possess my inheritance through mr boffin, who insisted that i should have my fortune and he his small inheritance and no more.
i owe everything i possess to the kindness and tenderness of mr and mrs boffin and when i see a roundworm like you presume to rise up against these noble souls, the wonder is i don't twist your head off
i had got together a collection of ballads which was, i may say, above price.
well, then, they can't be paid for and you'd better not try!
bless me if i didn't catch this one in a river by me.
you see, it had been sunk there by a man who wore...
i could make you a handy set of nests to lay the dolls in or a set of drawers for your silks and threads.
or i can make you a rare handle for your father's stick.
look here, schoolmaster, you could've dealt with wrayburn without my care having a curse.
but when you copy my clothes... ..my neckerchief, shake blood on me, you make as if to throw the whole crime on me.
you'll pay me and you'll pay me heavy, you sly devil!
i was playing your game long ago before you tried your clumsy hand in it.
makes me angry to think i could turn coward on lizzie - sneak away with her as if i were ashamed of her.
(mortimer) that's well said, of course, eugene, but ...are you sure that you might not feel some slight...coldness towards her...on the part of...
so if i should ever think to hide her away, then you, who i love next best in all the world will tell me she would've done better that night i lay bleeding to death to turn me over with her foot and spit in my face.
go and find out what society thinks of me, my dear fellow, if it will make you feel any better.
turning yourself into fire, water and wind is one of the hardest things a witch has to learn.
for me, it was learning when to say no to pie.
listen, stop thinking about how bad it feels to get it wrong, and start thinking about how good it's gonna feel when you get it right.
okay, i'll try again, but this time if my legs go numb,
you know, fitting in is hard enough without someone calling me sweet pea.
i thought i was the only one you called sweet pea.
well, some people think that expansion has diluted the quizmaster talent pool.
or maybe there's just a certain type of person drawn to the job.
i guess the last time was when i was on vacation in the caribbean with my boyfriend, danny.
we got into a fight and he stormed out to take a walk.
say you have a sweater and a skirt that you always wear together.
and say, one day, you decide to wear the sweater with a new skirt.
turning yourself into fire, water and wind is one of the hardest things a witch has to learn.
for me, it was learning when to say no to pie.
listen, stop thinking about how bad it feels to get it wrong, and start thinking about how good it's gonna feel when you get it right.
okay, i'll try again, but this time if my legs go numb,
you know, fitting in is hard enough without someone calling me sweet pea.
i thought i was the only one you called sweet pea.
well, some people think that expansion has diluted the quizmaster talent pool.
or maybe there's just a certain type of person drawn to the job.
it says they're temporarily out of quizmasters, so you'll have to be home-schooled.
well, i'm sure you'll be an even better teacher than the quizmaster.
we got into a fight and he stormed out to take a walk.
well, i didn't want him to enjoy his walk, so i...
say you have a sweater and a skirt that you always wear together.
and say, one day, you decide to wear the sweater with a new skirt.
- fraser, i have something here that i'd like to discuss with you that...
- constable, i understand that you live here, but during the day...
- it's supposed to mean that your guy drowned, and then what?
he swam, crawled, stabbed himself so that he could hang out with mort.
- well, if i had a sextant, ray, i could locate the vehicle in a heartbeat.
- mr. sextant, i told you exactly where the car was.
buck frobisher and i were a team, maybe the best team the north has ever known.
one day we fell out and it all but destroyed us.
she was 810 feet long, 80 feet wide, crewed by 32 men, and captained by scottie phillips.
and no one on board could have known they were headed into a gale known as the witch of november.
by 2:00 a.m. on the 2nd, the seas were already running at 20 feet, the winds were gusting at 50 miles an hour.
at 3:13 the mackenzie radioed her sister ship the phoenix to say she'd taken a wave overthe wheelhouse, knocking out her radar.
but by then, the seas were running over40 feet, winds were blowing at 100 miles an hour.
at 4:23, a wave broke exposing a mountain of rock known as six fathom shoal.
the stern was still underfull power and it rammed the bow, crushing men on metal as they were caught midship scrambling for life boats.
it hit the bow three times before it finally drove it under.
- oh, yes, captain smithers is an old friend of my father's.
as a matter of fact, he taught me how to tie my first knot.
- he killed that man to prevent him from revealing that location...
a location so secret that they invented a phony ghost ship to scare people off.
- are you going to side with this cowardly, murdering scum?
- will you side with those who would destroy the reputation of the men who sailed the robert mackenzie?
- you really should try to keep yourthings a little more organized.
- fraser, this is the wrong time for advice on neatness.
edgar, i want to thank you for letting these people go.
send out the others, and we can come to a peaceful resolution.
- fourteen years on the job, and that's all it means?
i've gotta sit on a wire with some rookie listening to a housewife order groceries?
i'm so glad i missed the whole drug thing... so my body was virgin territory for caffeine.
it makes me feel so ricki lake, like i can talk to anybody.
if i drag this out, it's only gonna make things worse.
one of the other parents has made accusations... against simon's driver of a sexual nature.
if you don't get on the phone now, call concordia or c.t.a., you're a dumb cop.
tell them to bring a body bag to put the pieces in.
- if he did it once, he can do it again.
you think this f.b.i. agent is smart enough to figure out what you're doing?
i don't have to tell you how profoundly pissed lomax is.
he's keeping a lid on it to cover his ass, but you don't have much time.
he should've been smart, go to college... meet a girl, get married, have some kids, be cool.
are we talking about him, art, or are we talking about you?
if i don't make a sale there tomorrow, then i don't pay my rent.
so, unless there's anything else you need, i'd like to get some sleep now.
you said you were gonna be out before i went to des moines... where hopefully i was gonna sell enough shoes to make the rent.
only i didn't go to des moines and i didn't make the rent because you had an emergency.
as far as i can tell, you are a decent, caring person.
i promise you we will be out of your life as soon as possible.
i promise you i will be back in this apartment at 2:00 tomorrow afternoon.
and i don't know how yet, but i will make this up to you.
they don't waste three years with their investigation, wailing and moaning...
"how could this happen in america?"... while you have one of your spooks whack simon lynch.
you or one of your superiors or the president of the united states...
i don't give a fuck who... but someone is gonna go on national television and tell america... that your billion dollar, uncrackable code... has been cracked by a nine-year-old autistic boy.
i think you've seen too many of those four-wheel drive commercials on tv.
the ones where you get to drive fast and be a renegade.
that was recorded on passive v.o.x... at agent jordan's residence at 11:58 p.m.
as to the pickup, since we can assume the boy will not be alone...
edgar, i want to thank you for letting these people go.
send out the others, and we can come to a peaceful resolution.
and he has deciphered a message written in the most sophisticated code... the world has ever known... in a geek's puzzle magazine.
i don't recall ever authorizing... anyone to put any message... into any magazine!
so i want you to keep the puzzle line open 24 hours a day.
and i want you two to do your goddamn fuckin' jobs!
i know a man named rasheed halabi, born in paramus, new jersey.
valedictorian of his high school class, worked his way through m.i.t.
if i don't call lomax right now, i'm an accessory to this.
if you don't get on the phone now, call concordia or c.t.a., you're a dumb cop.
it's going really well, but i need to get a prescription filled for him.
normally i'd take him with me, but i don't like to disturb him when he's sitting so calmly.
as of this morning, you made it to the very top of our own perp board.
i don't have to tell you how profoundly pissed lomax is.
"was directly involved in the deaths of martin and jenny lynch...
"the parents of simon lynch... and the death of dean crandell, my colleague and friend. "
simon is only in danger if they know where he is.
they don't know where he is, so he's not in danger, so you're not in danger.
i'm sure the senate oversight committee... won't have any problem connecting you to the murder.
but you haven't given the carbon to the senate oversight committee.
or you do the only thing that'll guarantee simon lynch his safety.
you or one of your superiors or the president of the united states...
the ones where you get to drive fast and be a renegade.
let's talk about the real world... where you're not some wonderful lone wolf hero, but you're part of a team.
this might be difficult for you to grasp, but i am a patriot.
and a patriot is one who makes the right moral choice.
as to the pickup, since we can assume the boy will not be alone...
i suggest we wait until we get him on the chopper.
for the safety of the boy, you should go home now and forget you were here.
okay, simon, you're gonna go for a ride in the helicopter.
edgar, i want to thank you for letting these people go.
send out the others, and we can come to a peaceful resolution.
so i want you to keep the puzzle line open 24 hours a day.
and i want you two to do your goddamn fuckin' jobs!
as of this morning, you made it to the very top of our own perp board.
i don't have to tell you how profoundly pissed lomax is.
you said you were gonna be out before i went to des moines where hopefully i was gonna sell enough shoes to make the rent.
only i didn't go to des moines and i didn't make the rent because you had an emergency.
as far as i can tell, you are a decent, caring person.
i promise you we will be out of your life as soon as possible.
simon is only in danger if they know where he is.
they don't know where he is, so he's not in danger, so you're not in danger.
i promise you i will be back in this apartment at 2: 00 tomorrow afternoon.
and i don't know how yet, but i will make this up to you.
or you do the only thing that'll guarantee simon lynch his safety.
you or one of your superiors or the president of the united states,
that was recorded on passive vox at agent jordan's residence at 11: 58 p. m.
as to the pickup, since we can assume the boy will not be alone,
for the safety of the boy, you should go home now and forget you were here.
okay, simon, you're gonna go for a ride in the helicopter.
i have an order from the citizens' court of south dakota... to seize the ill-gotten assets of this bank.
move your people away from here or these bloodsuckers will burn in hell!
i'm so glad i missed the whole drug thing... so my body was virgin territory for caffeine.
it makes me feel so ricki lake, like i can talk to anybody.
if i drag this out, it's only gonna make things worse.
one of the other parents has made accusations... against simon's driver of a sexual nature.
if you don't get on the phone now, call concordia or c.t.a., you're a dumb cop.
tell them to bring a body bag to put the pieces in.
- if he did it once, he can do it again.
you think this f.b.i. agent is smart enough to figure out what you're doing?
i don't have to tell you how profoundly pissed lomax is.
he's keeping a lid on it to cover his ass, but you don't have much time.
he should've been smart, go to college... meet a girl, get married, have some kids, be cool.
are we talking about him, art, or are we talking about you?
if i don't make a sale there tomorrow, then i don't pay my rent.
so, unless there's anything else you need, i'd like to get some sleep now.
you said you were gonna be out before i went to des moines... where hopefully i was gonna sell enough shoes to make the rent.
only i didn't go to des moines and i didn't make the rent because you had an emergency.
as far as i can tell, you are a decent, caring person.
i promise you we will be out of your life as soon as possible.
i promise you i will be back in this apartment at 2:00 tomorrow afternoon.
and i don't know how yet, but i will make this up to you.
they don't waste three years with their investigation, wailing and moaning...
"how could this happen in america?"... while you have one of your spooks whack simon lynch.
you or one of your superiors or the president of the united states...
i don't give a fuck who... but someone is gonna go on national television and tell america... that your billion dollar, uncrackable code... has been cracked by a nine-year-old autistic boy.
i think you've seen too many of those four-wheel drive commercials on tv.
the ones where you get to drive fast and be a renegade.
that was recorded on passive v.o.x... at agent jordan's residence at 11:58 p. m.
as to the pickup, since we can assume the boy will not be alone...
edgar, i want to thank you for letting these people go.
send out the others, and we can come to a peaceful resolution.
i have an order from the citizens' court of south dakota... to seize the ill-gotten assets of this bank.
move your people away from here or these bloodsuckers will burn in hell!
- fourteen years on the job, and that's all it means?
i've gotta sit on a wire with some rookie listening to a housewife order groceries?
and he has deciphered a message written in the most sophisticated code... the world has ever known... in a geek's puzzle magazine.
i don't recall ever authorizing... anyone to put any message... into any magazine!
if you don't get on the phone now, call concordia or c.t.a., you're a dumb cop.
tell them to bring a body bag to put the pieces in.
you think this f.b.l. agent is smart enough to figure out what you're doing?
- he better be, because that boy's life is at stake.
i don't have to tell you how profoundly pissed lomax is.
he's keeping a lid on it to cover his ass, but you don't have much time.
he should've been smart, go to college... meet a girl, get married, have some kids, be cool.
are we talking about him, art, or are we talking about you?
"was directly involved in the deaths of martin and jenny lynch...
"the parents of simon lynch... and the death of dean crandell, my colleague and friend."
simon is only in danger if they know where he is.
they don't know where he is, so he's not in danger, so you're not in danger.
i'm sure the senate oversight committee won't have any problem connecting you to the murder.
but you haven't given the carbon to the senate oversight committee.
or you do the only thing that'll guarantee simon lynch his safety.
you or one of your superiors or the president of the united states... i don't give a fuck who... but someone is gonna go on national television and tell america... that your billion dollar, uncrackable code... has been cracked by a nine-year-old autistic boy.
i think you've seen too many of those four-wheel drive commercials on tv.
the ones where you get to drive fast and be a renegade.
that was recorded on passive v.o.x... at agent jordan's residence at 11:58 p.m.
as to the pickup, since we can assume the boy will not be alone... i suggest we wait until we get him on the chopper.
for the safety of the boy, you should go home now and forget you were here.
okay, simon, you're gonna go for a ride in the helicopter.
edgar, i want to thank you for letting these people go.
send out the others, and we can come to a peaceful resolution.
and he has deciphered a message written in the most sophisticated code the world has ever known in a geek's puzzle magazine.
i don't recall ever authorizing anyone to put any message into any magazine!
if you don't get on the phone now, call concordia or cta, you're a dumb cop.
tell them to bring a body bag to put the pieces in.
as of this morning, you made it to the very top of our own perp board.
i don't have to tell you how profoundly pissed lomax is.
you said you were gonna be out before i went to des moines where hopefully i was gonna sell enough shoes to make the rent.
only i didn't go to des moines and i didn't make the rent because you had an emergency.
as far as i can tell, you are a decent, caring person.
i promise you we will be out of your life as soon as possible.
simon is only in danger if they know where he is.
they don't know where he is, so he's not in danger, so you're not in danger.
i'm sure the senate oversight committee won't have any problem connecting you to the murder.
but you haven't given the carbon to the senate oversight committee.
you or one of your superiors or the president of the united states,
i don't give a fuck who, but someone is gonna go on national television and tell america that your billion dollar uncrackable code has been cracked by a nine-year-old autistic boy.
i think you've seen too many of those four-wheel drive commercials on tv.
the ones where you get to drive fast and be a renegade.
that was recorded on passive vox at agent jordan's residence at 11:58 p. m.
as to the pickup, since we can assume the boy will not be alone,
send out the others, and we can come to a peaceful resolution.
get this straight. i don't trust you or any agent of your occupation government.
- all you had to do was keep your mouth shut.
- act like you belong on the same team as the rest of us.
double everything. i'm so glad i missed the whole drug thing... so my body was virgin territory for caffeine.
it makes me feel so ricki lake, like i can talk to anybody.
and he has deciphered a message written in the most sophisticated code... the world has ever known... in a geek's puzzle magazine.
i don't recall ever authorizing... anyone to put any message... into any magazine!
if i drag this out, it's only gonna make things worse.
one of the other parents has made accusations... against simon's driver of a sexual nature.
if i don't call lomax right now, i'm an accessory to this.
if you don't get on the phone now, call concordia or c.t.a., you're a dumb cop.
- lf he did it once, he can do it again.
you think this f.b.l. agent is smart enough to figure out what you're doing?
- he better be, because that boy's life is at stake.
it's not fair to me, because he'll assume i was in on it too!
it's going really well, but i need to get a prescription filled for him.
normally i'd take him with me, but i don't like to disturb him
- n.s.a. is willing to have this boy killed to protect a code?
i think my division chief may have given orders-- l'm a cryptographer, a nerd.
as of this morning, you made it to the very top of our own perp board.
i don't have to tell you how profoundly pissed lomax is.
if i don't make a sale there tomorrow, then i don't pay my rent.
so, unless there's anything else you need, i'd like to get some sleep now.
you said you were gonna be out before i went to des moines... where hopefully i was gonna sell enough shoes to make the rent.
only i didn't go to des moines and i didn't make the rent lt was an emergency.
simon is only in danger if they know where he is.
they don't know where he is, so he's not in danger, so you're
- lt's good to see you're keeping your sense of humor about this.
i promise you i will be back in this apartment at 2:00 tomorrow afternoon.
or you do the only thing that'll guarantee simon lynch his safety.
you or one of your superiors or the president of the united states... i don't give a fuck who... but someone is gonna go on national television and tell america... that your billion dollar, uncrackable code... has been cracked by a nine-year-old autistic boy.
i think you've seen too many of those four-wheel drive commercials on tv.
the ones where you get to drive fast and be a renegade.
that was recorded on passive v.o.x... at agent jordan's residence at 11:58 p.m.
as to the pickup, since we can assume the boy will not be alone... i suggest we wait until we get him on the chopper.
- when she picked up the phone the line was dead.
- told 'em when witness protection is gonna pick 'em up?
for the safety of the boy, you should go home now and forget you were here.
okay, simon, you're gonna go for a ride in the helicopter.
send out the others, and we can come to a peaceful resolution.
get this straight. i don't trust you or any agent of your occupation government.
- all you had to do was keep your mouth shut.
- act like you belong on the same team as the rest of us.
double everything. i'm so glad i missed the whole drug thing... so my body was virgin territory for caffeine.
it makes me feel so ricki lake, like i can talk to anybody.
and he has deciphered a message written in the most sophisticated code... the world has ever known... in a geek's puzzle magazine.
i don't recall ever authorizing... anyone to put any message... into any magazine!
if i drag this out, it's only gonna make things worse.
one of the other parents has made accusations... against simon's driver of a sexual nature.
if i don't call lomax right now, i'm an accessory to this.
if you don't get on the phone now, call concordia or c.t.a., you're a dumb cop.
- lf he did it once, he can do it again.
you think this f.b.l. agent is smart enough to figure out what you're doing?
- he better be, because that boy's life is at stake.
it's not fair to me, because he'll assume i was in on it too!
it's going really well, but i need to get a prescription filled for him.
normally i'd take him with me, but i don't like to disturb him
- n.s.a. is willing to have this boy killed to protect a code?
i think my division chief may have given orders-- l'm a cryptographer, a nerd.
as of this morning, you made it to the very top of our own perp board.
i don't have to tell you how profoundly pissed lomax is.
if i don't make a sale there tomorrow, then i don't pay my rent.
so, unless there's anything else you need, i'd like to get some sleep now.
you said you were gonna be out before i went to des moines... where hopefully i was gonna sell enough shoes to make the rent.
only i didn't go to des moines and i didn't make the rent lt was an emergency.
simon is only in danger if they know where he is.
they don't know where he is, so he's not in danger, so you're
- lt's good to see you're keeping your sense of humor about this.
i promise you i will be back in this apartment at 2:00 tomorrow afternoon.
or you do the only thing that'll guarantee simon lynch his safety.
you or one of your superiors or the president of the united states... i don't give a fuck who... but someone is gonna go on national television and tell america... that your billion dollar, uncrackable code... has been cracked by a nine-year-old autistic boy.
i think you've seen too many of those four-wheel drive commercials on tv.
the ones where you get to drive fast and be a renegade.
that was recorded on passive v.o.x... at agent jordan's residence at 11:58 p.m.
as to the pickup, since we can assume the boy will not be alone... i suggest we wait until we get him on the chopper.
- when she picked up the phone the line was dead.
- told 'em when witness protection is gonna pick 'em up?
for the safety of the boy, you should go home now and forget you were here.
okay, simon, you're gonna go for a ride in the helicopter.
send out the others, and we can come to a peaceful resolution.
get this straight. i don't trust you or any agent of your occupation government.
i've got to sit on a wire with some rookie listening to a housewife order groceries?
- all you had to do was keep your mouth shut.
double everything. i'm so glad i missed the whole drug thing... so my body was virgin territory for caffeine.
it makes me feel so ricki lake, like i can talk to anybody.
if i drag this out, it's only going to make things worse.
one of the other parents has made accusations... against simon's driver of a sexual nature.
so i want you to keep the puzzle line open 24 hours a day.
and i want you two to do your goddamn fucking' jobs!
i know a man named rasheed halabi, born in paramus, new jersey.
valedictorian of his high school class, worked his way through m.l.t.
if i don't call lomax right now, i'm an accessory to this.
if you don't get on the phone now, call concordia or c.t.a., you're a dumb cop.
- lf he did it once, he can do it again.
you think this f.b.l. agent is smart enough to figure out what you're doing?
it's going really well, but i need to get a prescription filled for him.
normally i'd take him with me, but i don't like to disturb him when he's sitting so calmly.
as of this morning, you made it to the very top of our own perp board.
i don't have to tell you how profoundly pissed lomax is.
if i don't make a sale there tomorrow, then i don't pay my rent.
so, unless there's anything else you need, i'd like to get some sleep now.
you said you were going to be out before i went to des moines... where hopefully i was going to sell enough shoes to make the rent.
only i didn't go to des moines and i didn't make the rent because you had an emergency.
as far as i can tell, you are a decent, caring person.
i promise you we will be out of your life as soon as possible.
i promise you i will be back in this apartment at 2:00 tomorrow afternoon.
and i don't know how yet, but i will make this up to you.
they don't waste three years with their investigation, wailing and moaning...
"how could this happen in america?"... while you have one of your spooks whack simon lynch.
the ones where you get to drive fast and be a renegade.
let's talk about the real world... where you're not some wonderful lone wolf hero, but you're part of a team.
this might be difficult for you to grasp, but i am a patriot.
and a patriot is one who makes the right moral choice.
edgar, i want to thank you for letting these people go.
send out the others, and we can come to a peaceful resolution.
i've gotta sit on a wire with some rookie listening to a housewife order groceries ?
- all you had to do was keep your mouth shut.
for solving one of our master puzzles, you've won a subscription to the magazine of your choice.
can i please have your name, address and telephone number ?
i'm so glad i missed the whole drug thing... so my body was virgin territory for caffeine.
it makes me feel so ricki lake, like i can talk to anybody.
i know a man named rasheed halabi, born in paramus, new jersey.
valedictorian of his high school class, worked his way through m.l.t.
if i don't call lomax right now, i'm an accessory to this.
if you don't get on the phone now, call concordia or c.t.a., you're a dumb cop.
[ dana ] remember what i told you about sharing ?
[ jordan ] i thought you were done taking those downers.
[ computer ] for solving one of our master puzzles, you've won a subscription to the magazine of your choice.
can i please have your name, address and telephone number ?
you think this f.b.l. agent is smart enough to figure out what you're doing ?
- he better be, because that boy's life is at stake.
do you think you could watch him for a couple of minutes ?
you didn't just accidentally trip over the case, did you ?
it's going really well, but i need to get a prescription filled for him.
normally i'd take him with me, but i don't like to disturb him when he's sitting so calmly.
as of this morning, you made it to the very top of our own perp board.
i don't have to tell you how profoundly pissed lomax is.
if i don't make a sale there tomorrow, then i don't pay my rent.
so, unless there's anything else you need, i'd like to get some sleep now.
"was directly involved in the deaths of martin and jenny lynch,
"the parents of simon lynch, and the death of dean crandell, my colleague and friend."
simon is only in danger if they know where he is.
they don't know where he is, so he's not in danger, so you're not in danger.
i promise you i will be back in this apartment at 2:00 tomorrow afternoon.
and i don't know how yet, but i will make this up to you.
i'm sure the senate oversight committee won't have any problem connecting you to the murder.
but you haven't given the carbon to the senate oversight committee.
or you do the only thing that'll guarantee simon lynch his safety.
you or one of your superiors or the president of the united states,
as to the pickup, since we can assume the boy will not be alone,
i suggest we wait until we get him on the chopper.
for the safety of the boy, you should go home now and forget you were here.
okay, simon, you're gonna go for a ride in the helicopter.
do you think you could give these to him, please ?
sure, but i think it would be better for simon if you did.
edgar, i want to thank you for letting these people go.
send out the others, and we can come to a peaceful resolution.
- fourteen years on the job, and that's all it means?
i've gotta sit on a wire with some rookie listening to a housewife order groceries?
and he has deciphered a message written in the most sophisticated code... the world has ever known... in a geek's puzzle magazine.
i don't recall ever authorizing... anyone to put any message... into any magazine!
so i want you to keep the puzzle line open 24 hours a day.
and i want you two to do your goddamn fuckin' jobs!
i know a man named rasheed halabi, born in paramus, new jersey.
valedictorian of his high school class, worked his way through m.l.t.
if you don't get on the phone now, call concordia or c.t.a., you're a dumb cop.
tell them to bring a body bag to put the pieces in.
- lf he did it once, he can do it again.
you think this f.b.i. agent is smart enough to figure out what you're doing?
i don't have to tell you how profoundly pissed lomax is.
he's keeping a lid on it to cover his ass, but you don't have much time.
he should've been smart, go to college... meet a girl, get married, have some kids, be cool.
are we talking about him, art, or are we talking about you?
if i don't make a sale there tomorrow, then i don't pay my rent.
so, unless there's anything else you need, i'd like to get some sleep now.
you said you were gonna be out before i went to des moines... where hopefully i was gonna sell enough shoes to make the rent.
only i didn't go to des moines and i didn't make the rent because you had an emergency.
as far as i can tell, you are a decent, caring person.
i promise you we will be out of your life as soon as possible.
i promise you i will be back in this apartment at 2:00 tomorrow afternoon.
and i don't know how yet, but i will make this up to you.
they don't waste three years with their investigation, wailing and moaning...
"how could this happen in america?"... while you have one of your spooks whack simon lynch.
you or one of your superiors or the president of the united states...
i don't give a fuck who... but someone is gonna go on national television and tell america... that your billion dollar, uncrackable code... has been cracked by a nine-year-old autistic boy.
i think you've seen too many of those four-wheel drive commercials on tv.
the ones where you get to drive fast and be a renegade.
that was recorded on passive v.o.x... at agent jordan's residence at 11:58 p.m.
as to the pickup, since we can assume the boy will not be alone...
edgar, i want to thank you for letting these people go.
send out the others, and we can come to a peaceful resolution.
i have an order from the citizens' court of south dakota... to seize the ill-gotten assets of this bank.
move your people away from here or these bloodsuckers will burn in hell!
- fourteen years on the job, i've gotta sit on a wire with some rookie listening
- all you had to do was keep your mouth shut.
- act like you belong on the same team as the rest of us.
that bunch of suits sitting behind a desk trying to justify their existence?
- yeah, i think we got a big break in this case.
the attorney general herself just called in 25 dimes on the cubs.
so i want you to keep the puzzle line open 24 hours a day.
and i want you two to do your goddamn fuckin' jobs!
i know a man named rasheed halabi, born in paramus, new jersey.
valedictorian of his high school class, worked his way through m.l.t.
did dead martin and jenny say "take my kid out of protective i don't give a fuck if it's real.
if i don't call lomax right now, i'm an accessory to this.
if you don't get on the phone now, call concordia or c.t.a., you're a dumb cop.
tell them to bring a body bag to put the pieces in.
you think this f.b.l. agent is smart enough to figure out what you're doing?
- he better be, because that boy's life is at stake.
i don't have to tell you how profoundly pissed lomax is.
he's keeping a lid on it to cover his ass, but you don't have much time.
he should've been smart, go to college... meet a girl, get married, have some kids, be cool.
are we talking about him, art, or are we talking about you?
"was directly involved in the deaths of martin and jenny lynch...
"the parents of simon lynch... and the death of dean crandell, my colleague and friend."
as far as i can tell, you are a decent, caring person.
i promise you we will be out of your life as soon as possible.
i promise you i will be back in this apartment at 2:00 tomorrow afternoon.
and i don't know how yet, but i will make this up to you.
they don't waste three years with their investigation, wailing and moaning...
"how could this happen in america?"... while you have one of your spooks whack simon lynch.
the ones where you get to drive fast and be a renegade.
let's talk about the real world... where you're not some wonderful lone wolf hero, but you're part of a team.
this might be difficult for you to grasp, but i am a patriot.
and a patriot is one who makes the right moral choice.
last time we used one of those stations, the people who built it weren't too happy.
we'll deal with that if we have to, but i'm not going to lose this opportunity.
they might have developed a whole new way of traveling through space.
since it was technology that brought us to the delta quadrant in the first place, it's a reasonable assumption technology could bring us back again.
i imagine there were quite a few celebrations when people got the news.
probably, but i can see where it might make things more difficult for some.
i'd guess a lot of people had given up on us-- done their mourning, gone on with their lives-- found some kind of resolution.
now they get word that we're alive, but so far away that we might as well be dead.
some people might feel that way, but not my mom and dad.
at the very least, we know the relay stations extend almost all the way to the alpha quadrant.
i was the one who risked my matrix in order to go to the alpha quadrant.
if we ever get home, i expect i'll become quite the hero.
i read that letter for an hour before i could accept it.
now i have to tell everyone else... and i'm not sure how to do it.
if we could get near enough, we could try to stabilize the containment field, but i can't risk taking the ship in any closer.
a shuttle could withstand the gravimetric eddies more easily than voyager.
i am wondering if the captain still doesn't trust me-- if she feels i require supervision.
i am not certain how the captain regards you, but her decision to have me accompany you on this mission shouldn't be taken as evidence of any particular attitude.
i don't know exactly why, but... the more everybody gets excited about these letters from home, the more i don't want any part of it.
maybe because... what i have on voyager... is so much better than anything i ever had back there.
i learned this morning that a lot of my friends are dead and i've gone from being so angry that i wanted to kill someone... to crying for an hour.
and now i'm just trying to... to accept it and move on.
it's generating as much energy every minute as a typical star puts out in a year.
what's amazing to me is that someone 100, 000 years ago was harvesting microsingularities.
if nobody shows up to protest, i'd like to stay here for a while-- try to find the answers to some of these questions.
this is the kind of archeological puzzle that's always fascinated me.
so he began living his life again-- meeting people, letting go of the past.
about four months ago, he married a woman who works with him.
seven of nine and commander tuvok suffered no serious physical damage after their encounter on the alien ship.
i've been eager to hear tuvok's impressions of the species who took them hostage.
do you know why the relay network was so important to them?
no. i assume they used it for communications, as we did.
we finally make a connection with home and then it's ripped away from us.
we manage to make another enemy who's going to try and hunt us down and destroy us, and on top of that... lt's all right.
they said they wouldn't stop until they found a way to get us home.
nonetheless, we can't assume they've been able to devise a plan this quickly.
we'll deal with that if we have to, but i'm not going to lose this opportunity.
we're going to find out what the rest of that message says.
probably, but i can see where it might make things more difficult for some.
i'd guess a lot of people had given up on us-- done their mourning, gone on with their lives-- found some kind of resolution.
now they get word that we're alive, but so far away that we might as well be dead.
some people might feel that way, but not my mom and dad.
at the very least, we know the relay stations extend almost all the way to the alpha quadrant.
if starfleet has found a way to use them to transmit messages, we'll be able to stay in constant contact with people at home.
in fact, if it weren't for me, this transmission wouldn't have been possible in the first place.
i was the one who risked my matrix in order to go to the alpha quadrant.
it's a tiny one, probably about a centimeter in diameter, but it's putting out almost four terawatts of energy.
then someone has managed to contain a singularity, construct a space station around it and tap its power.
i can tell you, i've never seen the crew this excited.
this is as close as they've come to their families in almost four years.
the longer it remains lodged in the relay station, the more it degrades.
if we could get near enough, we could try to stabilize the containment field, but i can't risk taking the ship in any closer.
i am not certain how the captain regards you, but her decision to have me accompany you on this mission shouldn't be taken as evidence of any particular attitude.
i believe we are close enough to emit a polaron pulse.
i'll try to get at least one phaser array back on line.
commander, one more hit and we'll be susceptible to a hull breach.
what's amazing to me is that someone 100, 000 years ago was harvesting microsingularities.
if nobody shows up to protest, i'd like to stay here for a while-- try to find the answers to some of these questions.
he told me about the litter of puppies my dog had-- how he found homes for them, how devastated he was when voyager was lost... how he held out hopes we were alive longer than most people did... until he realized that he was clinging to a fantasy.
so he began living his life again-- meeting people, letting go of the past.
are the others on your ship able to put up more of a fight than you?
you will find our captain a formidable opponent and our ship heavily armed.
if we can boost the effect of the singularity-- increase the gravitational pull, we might be able to stop them.
the pull would increase if we could weaken the station's containment field.
if the field is too strong, we won't be able to beam tuvok and seven aboard.
then you'll have to find the right balance, won't you, harry?
i've been eager to hear tuvok's impressions of the species who took them hostage.
i learned very little about them, but i believe we should consider them extremely dangerous.
but i'm worried that the crew might be a different story.
i think they were hoping mail call would become a regular part of their day.
i guess i didn't really expect him to wait for me considering the circumstances.
but it made me realize that i was using him as a safety net, you know-- as a way to avoid becoming involved with someone else.
but then again, my life is far from uneventful here in the delta quadrant.
it's not like i would have had a chance to pursue a relationship, even if i had realized i was alone.
i come to you since you are her closest living relative, other than her husband, that is.
well, arthur, thanks for coming to me, but i gotta give you a no on this one.
meanwhile, you're having a great time working your way through the old men of queens.
doug, i have been married to one man for over 30 years.
i come to you since you are her closest living relative, other than her husband, that is.
well, arthur, thanks for coming to me, but i gotta give you a no on this one.
meanwhile, you're having a great time working your way through the old men of queens.
doug, i have been married to one man for over 30 years.
i was going to present vercinix first, but i didn't want anything spoiling your entrance.
why bring him in at all, when you're going to free him?
it turns out that vercinix is more of a prize than i thought.
caesar has staked his reputation on the capture and execution of him.
if you're anything like me, you feel naked without a weapon.
whether you use it or not there's something reassuring about the weight and feel of a solid blade.
and because of it, i have you, and i have vercinix.
and somewhere out there is an irritating blonde about to follow a plan that no longer exists.
[ man narrating ] in a time of ancient gods -- [ xena yells ] warlords and kings, a land in turmoil cried out for a hero.
she was xena, a mighty princess forged in the heat of battle.
do you think caesar would release a man with the reputation of vercinix?
his capture is a source of power, as will be his execution.
he's cultivated quite a following at home, but at a cost.
you still have an army in the field, and he needs that.
i thought you were a capable ally, a good balance against pompey.
but look at you -- captured and chained by a woman that i captured and chained.
i've already planned a little party for this evening, to show off vercinix.
i'd like you to accompany me, without your weapons, of course.
it turns out that vercinix is more of a prize than i thought.
caesar has staked his reputation on the capture and execution of him.
[ pompey ] if you're anything like me, you feel naked without a weapon.
whether you use it or not, there's something reassuring about the weight... and feel of a solid blade.
[ chuckles ] caesar has no intention of trading vercinix for crassus.
and more than that, he sent brutus out to find your friend gabrielle.
and because of it, i have you, and i have vercinix.
[ grunts ] and somewhere out there... is an irritating blonde about to follow a plan that no longer exists.
gabrielle, i put you into a situation i had no right to.
i expected you to understand my logic and ignore your heart.
and i'll do that tonight, right after i have the best sex of my life.
that sentence lasted longer than the best sex of your life.
i did, but you're supposed to show up at my friend binnie's apartment for her birthday party dressed as a gladiator.
jack wants someone to come in here and crack the whip.
two hours later, i wake up, and i got the left side of my head shaved.
i don't know what they did to me, but i can't taste sour anymore.
when you were a baby, i used to rock you to sleep in a chair that faced that painting.
i'd tell you stories about all the places you'd go to and all the adventures you'd have.
because they're my parents, and i don't want to see them fight.
oh, so you got 'em all riled up, and you locked them in a room together.
speaking of women young enough to be your daughter, how's your lovely wife?
i haven't seen allie since i used to pick her and maya up from school.
and i'll do that tonight, right after i have the best sex of my life.
that sentence lasted longer than the best sex of your life.
i did, but you're supposed to show up at my friend binnie's apartment for her birthday party dressed as a gladiator.
jack wants someone to come in here and crack the whip.
bill, they may be soft, but i believe i answered your challenge.
i took your suggestions for last night's shoot, and the results are fantastic.
the second you receive a glimmer of approval, you respond like a love-starved puppy, but when you slink back into the darkroom, the approval turns to terror.
because you know you're one day closer to being exposed as the fraud your father always knew you were.
i'd tell you stories about all the places you'd go to and all the adventures you'd have.
i always wondered if you knew what i was saying, and then one day, months and months later, you looked up at me and said your very first word.
because they're my parents, and i don't want to see them fight.
oh, so you got 'em all riled up, and you locked them in a room together.
you empathise with your candidate's doubts, you condole their fear, you elate at their revelation.
you can't experience that with another and not feel close to them.
i wanted to consult the old man before i made it admissible to the investigation.
you tried to keep our family safe and together by withholding the truth.
it's very difficult to know the truth, even to... recognise the truth.
i don't believe it's a lie to reserve information that could create catastrophic consequences until i understand it for myself.
i have the results of the carbon dating on the wood found in mr johnston's trunk, allegedly at the time of his murder.
before disclosing them it seems imperative to discuss the implications of the results and the crisis at hand.
what i don't understand is, this is not a split caused by opposing inherent viewpoints.
no one is allowed in this room unless they believe the monumental events that are before us and are about to come.
if the carbon dating confirms that it was the crucifixion cross, then the owls have destroyed a sacred mystical icon.
if it's fake, the roosters planted it to give an appearance that we are capable of anything.
no matter how many decades have passed, no matter how much closer we are to the millennium,
i still see, feel that moment, the magic moment of enlightenment each member attained.
the world will end in 656 days if we fail to act now.
somehow i've failed and i don't know what i can do to pull it back together.
no one really knows which side he was on and the disunion is over who killed him.
did he say anything to you that would provide a lead?
this enabled the group to leap generations ahead of mainstream research.
so, johnston's claim... the owls' claim is that six billion years ago, before the formation of the earth, two neutron stars collided six billion light years away.
this collision released cosmic rays, particles of such extreme energy that the collision of these particles could transform the vacuum of space, cause a tear in the fabric of our universe.
the owls claim to have proof that this tear - this expanding cosmic bubble - will reach our solar system within the next 60 years.
given the scope of the group and the scientific credibility, i can believe it.
but my visions, frank, are becoming more frequent, more intense, altered.
hitler's secretary, martin bormann, he began a project known as odessa.
it was the underground movement of high-ranking ss officers to areas south of the equator.
it is said that whoever maintains control of this banner would defeat communism.
rudolf axmann, the oldest surviving member of hitler's circle, leader of odessa, has possession of this flag in paraguay.
and wonder and sense of duty that he brought into my life,
i feel primarily... ashamed at how i've treated the two of you.
and a cleansed spirit, long ages floating on the wandering winds... and the rolling deeps of space... renews itself... and doth regain its dwelling.
time calls, and change commands both men and gods, and speeds us on, we know not whither.
the old earth smiles, spring after spring, and the seeds burst again.
and the dead lives renew themselves and rise aloft and soar, clothing themselves with change... until the last change... be done.
our task is to make sure they either don't leave here or they leave convinced that we are neither soft nor vulnerable and way too much trouble to invade.
we win this battle, they go away we save ourselves a great deal of trouble in the future.
just give me a little peace of mind on the one front, sir.
that'll give me the freedom to take care of all the rest.
sometimes it's like no one else is playing by the rules, so why should we?
it does take it out of you after a while, believe me.
my father is career military, just like his dad and his dad before him.
so it was just understood that i would go the same way.
when that ship went down, there wasn't much chance anybody would survive or that any survivors would be allowed to live by the enemy.
it took almost two months for our forces to retake that base.
the base doctor kept him alive over the objections of the co because he believed that life was sacred and had to be preserved.
when i saw him walk out, supported by the doctor i knew right then that's what i wanted to do with my life.
so when this is all over, i'll be out there looking for anybody i can save on our side or theirs, because that's what i do.
that's what i would want them to do for me or for you.
- no, i didn't ask him if they could scan us.
i also didn't ask them if they could wax the hull.
meanwhile, i suggest you go back to the gaim and think up all those questions you didn't think up before because we have an assault fleet on the way and i'd like to have at least a fighting chance of surviving the next 12 hours.
well, trust me, the odds on that are pretty damn small right about now.
- yeah, they've been in here too but that ain't the problem.
it looks like we've had seepage from the water reprocessing system again.
there's a lot of power in those things, mack, an awful lot.
and besides, if things get hot you don't want to close off your only route of escape out of here.
every time we get a little red star born out there, somebody's life ends.
all they ever were gonna be, all they were all the people they knew, all the people they loved it's all gone.
you would think we would be beyond this sort of thing by now, wouldn't you?
and whose idea was it to send the white stars away at a time like this?
"yes, we have had our little fun with londo mollari for now.
perhaps it is time to move on and find someone else to play with."
understand, that while i'm not a prophet, i can tell you that if i were going to be sent away in a life pod and forced to watch everything i love and have fought for die before my eyes without even a chance to keep it together the life pod would suffer just such a terrible accident.
now, time being circular, if we know that this will happen then we may as well assume that it has happened already and that the life pod is not safe for me to enter.
all right, people, we don't have confirmation yet but it may be the scout fleet the gaim warned us about.
they're the advanced wing of a hostile alien force that's scouting out this sector for likely worlds to invade.
we win this battle, they go away we save ourselves a great deal of trouble in the future.
we lose, this will get a hell of a lot worse.
- i can't do my job protecting the station if i have to worry about you.
just give me a little peace of mind on the one front, sir.
whoever they are, whatever they are, they're coming here to kill us.
if i see one of them flopping on the deck, gasping for air, i'm gonna let him buy it.
you know, some days, i wonder the same thing, all right?
sometimes it's like no one else is playing by the rules, so why should we?
now, see, the thing is, i wasn't always going to be a doctor.
my father is career military, just like his dad and his dad before him.
it took almost two months for our forces to retake that base.
i remember watching isn when they opened up the enemy base and three injured soldiers came out.
when i saw him walk out, supported by the doctor i knew right then that's what i wanted to do with my life.
of course, my father, he wasn't too happy about it, but he always said we had to go our own way.
we read three scout vessels ahead of the main assault group.
we can't let any of them get back to the main group.
when lvanova left, everywhere i turned, somebody had an opinion on that one.
one guy said that she left because she was heartbroken over that guy...
i also didn't ask them if they could wax the hull.
some of the questions i think about, and some i don't.
if you can't handle it, i'll tell president sheridan to find someone who can.
meanwhile, i suggest you go back to the gaim and think up all those questions you didn't think up before because we have an assault fleet on the way and i'd like to have at least a fighting chance of surviving the next 12 hours.
it looks like we've had seepage from the water reprocessing system again.
they keep tapping the pipes for fresh, and they never close them up right again.
his helmet rolled in here and stopped just where you're sitting.
at the moment of death, there is a passing of energy an explosion of consciousness.
i mean, you really feel it when we take a hit.
you know, this thing goes on much longer, and we're gonna have a breach.
and whose idea was it to send the white stars away at a time like this?
they are still returning from guarding the enfili homeworld, as you well know.
well, all right, a few things but after a while, you would think it would be enough.
"yes, we have had our little fun with londo mollari for now.
when i was a child, your people decided that the rebellion by my people needed to be discouraged.
so your people bombed seven of our major cities for six straight days, 31 hours a day.
our task is to make sure they either don't leave here or they leave convinced that we are neither soft nor vulnerable and way too much trouble to invade.
we win this battle, they go away we save ourselves a great deal of trouble in the future.
just give me a little peace of mind on the one front, sir.
that'll give me the freedom to take care of all the rest.
sometimes it's like no one else is playing by the rules, so why should we?
it does take it out of you after a while, believe me.
my father is career military, just like his dad and his dad before him.
so it was just understood that i would go the same way.
when that ship went down, there wasn't much chance anybody would survive or that any survivors would be allowed to live by the enemy.
it took almost two months for our forces to retake that base.
the base doctor kept him alive over the objections of the co because he believed that life was sacred and had to be preserved.
when i saw him walk out, supported by the doctor i knew right then that's what i wanted to do with my life.
so when this is all over, i'll be out there looking for anybody i can save on our side or theirs, because that's what i do.
that's what i would want them to do for me or for you.
- no, i didn't ask him if they could scan us.
i also didn't ask them if they could wax the hull.
meanwhile, i suggest you go back to the gaim and think up all those questions you didn't think up before because we have an assault fleet on the way and i'd like to have at least a fighting chance of surviving the next 12 hours.
well, trust me, the odds on that are pretty damn small right about now.
- yeah, they've been in here too but that ain't the problem.
it looks like we've had seepage from the water reprocessing system again.
there's a lot of power in those things, mack, an awful lot.
and besides, if things get hot you don't want to close off your only route of escape out of here.
every time we get a little red star born out there, somebody's life ends.
all they ever were gonna be, all they were all the people they knew, all the people they loved it's all gone.
you would think we would be beyond this sort of thing by now, wouldn't you?
and whose idea was it to send the white stars away at a time like this?
"yes, we have had our little fun with londo mollari for now.
perhaps it is time to move on and find someone else to play with."
understand, that while i'm not a prophet, i can tell you that if i were going to be sent away in a life pod and forced to watch everything i love and have fought for die before my eyes without even a chance to keep it together the life pod would suffer just such a terrible accident.
now, time being circular, if we know that this will happen then we may as well assume that it has happened already and that the life pod is not safe for me to enter.
all right, people, we don't have confirmation yet but it may be the scout fleet the gaim warned us about.
they're the advanced wing of a hostile alien force that's scouting out this sector for likely worlds to invade.
we win this battle, they go away we save ourselves a great deal of trouble in the future.
we lose, this will get a hell of a lot worse.
- i can't do my job protecting the station if i have to worry about you.
just give me a little peace of mind on the one front, sir.
sometimes it's like no one else is playing by the rules, so why should we?
it does take it out of you after a while, believe me.
my father is career military, just like his dad and his dad before him.
so it was just understood that i would go the same way.
when that ship went down, there wasn't much chance anybody would survive or that any survivors would be allowed to live by the enemy.
it took almost two months for our forces to retake that base.
the base doctor kept him alive over the objections of the co because he believed that life was sacred and had to be preserved.
when i saw him walk out, supported by the doctor i knew right then that's what i wanted to do with my life.
so when this is all over, i'll be out there looking for anybody i can save on our side or theirs, because that's what i do.
that's what i would want them to do for me or for you.
meanwhile, i suggest you go back to the gaim and think up all those questions you didn't think up before because we have an assault fleet on the way and i'd like to have at least a fighting chance of surviving the next 12 hours.
well, trust me, the odds on that are pretty damn small right about now.
- yeah, they've been in here too but that ain't the problem.
it looks like we've had seepage from the water reprocessing system again.
there's a lot of power in those things, mack, an awful lot.
and besides, if things get hot you don't want to close off your only route of escape out of here.
every time we get a little red star born out there, somebody's life ends.
all they ever were gonna be, all they were all the people they knew, all the people they loved it's all gone.
you would think we would be beyond this sort of thing by now, wouldn't you?
and whose idea was it to send the white stars away at a time like this?
"yes, we have had our little fun with londo mollari for now.
perhaps it is time to move on and find someone else to play with."
understand, that while i'm not a prophet, i can tell you that if i were going to be sent away in a life pod and forced to watch everything i love and have fought for die before my eyes without even a chance to keep it together the life pod would suffer just such a terrible accident.
now, time being circular, if we know that this will happen then we may as well assume that it has happened already and that the life pod is not safe for me to enter.
our task is to make sure they either don't leave here or they leave convinced that we are neither soft nor vulnerable and way too much trouble to invade.
we win this battle, they go away we save ourselves a great deal of trouble in the future.
just give me a little peace of mind on the one front, sir.
that'll give me the freedom to take care of all the rest.
sometimes it's like no one else is playing by the rules, so why should we?
it does take it out of you after a while, believe me.
my father is career military, just like his dad and his dad before him.
so it was just understood that i would go the same way.
when that ship went down, there wasn't much chance anybody would survive or that any survivors would be allowed to live by the enemy.
it took almost two months for our forces to retake that base.
the base doctor kept him alive over the objections of the co because he believed that life was sacred and had to be preserved.
when i saw him walk out, supported by the doctor i knew right then that's what i wanted to do with my life.
so when this is all over, i'll be out there looking for anybody i can save on our side or theirs, because that's what i do.
that's what i would want them to do for me or for you.
- no, i didn't ask him if they could scan us.
i also didn't ask them if they could wax the hull.
meanwhile, i suggest you go back to the gaim and think up all those questions you didn't think up before because we have an assault fleet on the way and i'd like to have at least a fighting chance of surviving the next 12 hours.
well, trust me, the odds on that are pretty damn small right about now.
- yeah, they've been in here too but that ain't the problem.
it looks like we've had seepage from the water reprocessing system again.
there's a lot of power in those things, mack, an awful lot.
and besides, if things get hot you don't want to close off your only route of escape out of here.
every time we get a little red star born out there, somebody's life ends.
all they ever were gonna be, all they were all the people they knew, all the people they loved it's all gone.
you would think we would be beyond this sort of thing by now, wouldn't you?
and whose idea was it to send the white stars away at a time like this?
"yes, we have had our little fun with londo mollari for now.
perhaps it is time to move on and find someone else to play with."
understand, that while i'm not a prophet, i can tell you that if i were going to be sent away in a life pod and forced to watch everything i love and have fought for die before my eyes without even a chance to keep it together the life pod would suffer just such a terrible accident.
now, time being circular, if we know that this will happen then we may as well assume that it has happened already and that the life pod is not safe for me to enter.
all right, people, we don't have confirmation yet but it may be the scout fleet the gaim warned us about.
they're the advanced wing of a hostile alien force that's scouting out this sector for likely worlds to invade.
we win this battle, they go away we save ourselves a great deal of trouble in the future.
we lose, this will get a hell of a lot worse.
- i can't do my job protecting the station if i have to worry about you.
just give me a little peace of mind on the one front, sir.
whoever they are, whatever they are, they're coming here to kill us.
if i see one of them flopping on the deck, gasping for air, i'm gonna let him buy it.
you know, some days, i wonder the same thing, all right?
sometimes it's like no one else is playing by the rules, so why should we?
now, see, the thing is, i wasn't always going to be a doctor.
my father is career military, just like his dad and his dad before him.
it took almost two months for our forces to retake that base.
i remember watching isn when they opened up the enemy base and three injured soldiers came out.
when i saw him walk out, supported by the doctor i knew right then that's what i wanted to do with my life.
of course, my father, he wasn't too happy about it, but he always said we had to go our own way.
we read three scout vessels ahead of the main assault group.
we can't let any of them get back to the main group.
when ivanova left, everywhere i turned, somebody had an opinion on that one.
one guy said that she left because she was heartbroken over that guy...
i also didn't ask them if they could wax the hull.
some of the questions i think about, and some i don't.
if you can't handle it, i'll tell president sheridan to find someone who can.
meanwhile, i suggest you go back to the gaim and think up all those questions you didn't think up before because we have an assault fleet on the way and i'd like to have at least a fighting chance of surviving the next 12 hours.
it looks like we've had seepage from the water reprocessing system again.
they keep tapping the pipes for fresh, and they never close them up right again.
his helmet rolled in here and stopped just where you're sitting.
at the moment of death, there is a passing of energy an explosion of consciousness.
i mean, you really feel it when we take a hit.
you know, this thing goes on much longer, and we're gonna have a breach.
and whose idea was it to send the white stars away at a time like this?
they are still returning from guarding the enfili homeworld, as you well know.
well, all right, a few things but after a while, you would think it would be enough.
"yes, we have had our little fun with londo mollari for now.
when i was a child, your people decided that the rebellion by my people needed to be discouraged.
so your people bombed seven of our major cities for six straight days, 31 hours a day.
well, you see, eric sometimes when a man and a woman are attracted to each other they want to be close to each other.
and sometimes the man puts his hoo-hoo-dilly in the woman's cha-cha.
i heard he still lives on the ute reservation outside of town.
wow, to think all this time i'm actually a naive american.
from everyone's accounts, i've narrowed down eric's possible father to the people in this room:
officer barbrady, chef, jimbo mr. garrison, ned, chief running water gerald broflovski, myself, my friend kevin or the 1 989 denver broncos.
so come on down to south park and meet some friends of mine
dude, the bus will be here any minute and cartman didn't show up for school.
we saw him having a tea party with his stuffed animals.
yeah, he was doing their voices and pouring tea for them.
well, you see, eric, sometimes when a man and a woman are attracted to each other, they want to be close to each other.
and sometimes the man puts his hoo-hoo dilly in the woman's cha-cha.
they roll around and now things are really starting to get hot
and the man say, "i love you" and the woman says
"hold on a second i got to go to the bathroom"
so you wait and you wait and you wait and you wait and you wait and you wait and you wait
mr garrison, ned, chief running water, gerald broflovski, myself, my friend, kevin, or the 1989 denver broncos.
wow, i always knew cartman's mom was a slut, but god damn.
* i'm goin' down to south park * * gonna have myself a time *
* friendly faces everywhere * * humble folks without temptation *
* goin' down to south park * * gonna leave my woes behind *
* ample parking day or night * * people spouting howdy neighbor *
* heading on up to south park * * gonna see if i can't unwind *
* (i like girls with big fat t*****s) * * (i like girls with big vag***s) *
eric, the day i met your father, it was like magic.
it was a beautiful autumn night, when the aspen trees were turning at the 12th annual drunken barn dance.
from everyone's accounts, i've narrowed down eric's possible father to the people in this room:
officer barbrady, chef, jimbo mr. garrison, ned, chief running water gerald broflovski, myself, my friend kevin or the 1989 denver broncos.
well, you see, eric sometimes when a man and a woman are attracted to each other they want to be close to each other.
and sometimes the man puts his hoo-hoo-dilly in the woman's cha-cha.
i heard he still lives on the ute reservation outside of town.
wow, to think all this time i'm actually a naive american.
from everyone's accounts, i've narrowed down eric's possible father to the people in this room:
officer barbrady, chef, jimbo mr. garrison, ned, chief running water gerald broflovski, myself, my friend kevin or the 1 989 denver broncos.
well, you see, eric sometimes when a man and a woman are attracted to each other they want to be close to each other.
and sometimes the man puts his hoo-hoo-dilly in the woman's cha-cha.
i heard he still lives on the ute reservation outside of town.
wow, to think all this time i'm actually a naive american.
from everyone's accounts, i've narrowed down eric's possible father to the people in this room:
officer barbrady, chef, jimbo mr. garrison, ned, chief running water gerald broflovski, myself, my friend kevin or the 1 989 denver broncos.
well, you see, eric sometimes when a man and a woman are attracted to each other they want to be close to each other.
and sometimes the man puts his hoo-hoo-dilly in the woman's cha-cha.
i heard he still lives on the ute reservation outside of town.
wow, to think all this time i'm actually a naive american.
from everyone's accounts, i've narrowed down eric's possible father to the people in this room:
officer barbrady, chef, jimbo mr. garrison, ned, chief running water gerald broflovski, myself, my friend kevin or the 1989 denver broncos.
well, you see, eric sometimes when a man and a woman are attracted to each other they want to be close to each other.
and sometimes the man puts his hoo-hoo-dilly in the woman's cha-cha.
i heard he still lives on the ute reservation outside of town.
wow, to think all this time i'm actually a naive american.
from everyone's accounts, i've narrowed down eric's possible father to the people in this room:
officer barbrady, chef, jimbo mr. garrison, ned, chief running water gerald broflovski, myself, my friend kevin or the 1 989 denver broncos.
well, you see, eric sometimes when a man and a woman are attracted to each other they want to be close to each other.
and sometimes the man puts his hoo-hoo-dilly in the woman's cha-cha.
i heard he still lives on the ute reservation outside of town.
wow, to think all this time i'm actually a naive american.
from everyone's accounts, i've narrowed down eric's possible father to the people in this room:
officer barbrady, chef, jimbo mr. garrison, ned, chief running water gerald broflovski, myself, my friend kevin or the 1 989 denver broncos.
he journeyed the earth, battling the minions of his wicked stepmother, hera, the all-powerful queen of the gods.
but wherever there was evil, wherever an innocent would suffer, there would be...
[ hercules ] ever since i left greece, one way or the other, i've been at war.
i almost forgot how good it feels to build something with my own hands.
[ men chattering ] what grief she felt, she kept to herself.
so when she began to act strangely, i couldn't help but notice.
but i'll tell you... lolaus saw something more in you from the beginning.
the more rude and crude you were, the more he liked you.
[ nebula narrating ] i had everything anyone could ever want, except someone to share it with.
that's when i missed lolaus the most... the way he used to smile at me, [ chuckles ] and his laughter.
i told myself it was a harmless diversion, [ laughing ] that the dreams would pass with time.
[ imitating agenor ] your highness, on behalf of my esteemed colleagues... none more esteemed than myself, of course...
dddd [ organ crescendos, stops ] [ normal voice ] dd the end dddd
or maybe it's only the beginning. [ giggling ] lolaus would have never given himself to you.
i am getting a little tired of you talking about me like i wasn't there.
i am lolaus, and i am gonna bring freedom to the world... starting with the people i love.
those years with cernunnos..., ...even after my sweet brigid was born..., ...i felt as if i was missin' somethin'.
but i couldn't name it until you showed me the humanity i never even knew i had.
he journeyed the earth battling the minions of his wicked stepmother, hera, the all-powerful queen of the gods.
but wherever there was evil, wherever an innocent would suffer, there would be...
ever since i left greece..., ...one way or the other, i've been at war.
i almost forgot how good it feels to build something with my own hands.
the druids saw good in you when everyone else saw only evil.
they took you in as one of their own, gave you their power, their understanding.
of course, i knew it was just a fantasy..., ...a way to keep him alive.
i told myself it was a harmless diversion..., ...that the dreams would pass with time.
what's wearing me down is that my dreams are more real than my reality.
well, you know, as a way of life..., ...reality is highly overrated.
i don't know where you came from, dahak, but you're not staying.
i come back all the way from the dead just to see you and this is the thanks i get.
he wanders the world aimlessly..., ...grieving over the loss of this best friend, iolaus.
you see..., ...he thought he'd stopped dahak from entering the world.
see, i'm not gonna let you walk out of here with my friend's body.
i am getting a little tired of you talking about me like i wasn't there!
he journeyed the earth, battling the minions of his wicked stepmother, hera, the all-powerful queen of the gods.
but wherever there was evil, wherever an innocent would suffer, there would be...
i almost forgot how good it feels to build something with my own hands.
but what right does hercules have to enjoy life... when his friend iolaus lies dead in a foreign land?
[ nebula narrating ] of course, i knew it was just a fantasy, a way to keep him alive.
i told myself it was a harmless diversion, [ laughing ] that the dreams would pass with time.
[ imitating agenor ] your highness, on behalf of my esteemed colleagues-- none more esteemed than myself, of course--
i would just like to say that we exist for nothing less... than to kiss your royal highness's backside.
he wanders the world aimlessly, grieving over the loss of this best friend, iolaus.
you see, he thought he'd stopped dahak from entering the world.
i am getting a little tired of you talking about me like i wasn't there.
i am iolaus, and i am gonna bring freedom to the world... starting with the people i love.
i think if you write it, you better read that shit.
i don't want you to write no heavy poems and shit.
tell them to get some additional units because, they been actin' kind of silly, know what i mean?
these young boys, you know, that rap music they got is drivin' 'em crazy.
your honor, the defendant was apprehended fleeing the scene of a shooting.
a man was shot in the head during a drug transaction in which this man was involved.
if you lock up ten people, nine, nine and a half go to jail.
but the chances of beating it, is like trying to throw a... a snowball into an elephant's mouth at a hundred feet.
you can plead guilty to a simple possession, which is two to three years, eighteen months to two years.
you can go to trial and run the risk of doing ten years if guilty.
the best or most i can do is try to get you two or three.
even if you were innocent, i could only get you two to three.
well bakey bakes, niggas better fuckin' run, pack the guns leaving' niggas numb, motherfuckin' run, lookin' at hoods lookin' like thugs life at the stoplight, get up in their guts, only little fuckin' put put,
psychopath nut, bet they get a bigger fuckin' case, cuz my love the nigga's down for a double name case, what the fuck did they want, it's a motherfuckin' gun, from the g's apc's where the fucker's from, niggas better run,
if they don't catch up they just get fucked by my motherfuckin' focus.
knock you off your motherfuckin'ass, not afraid to pass, get me all of that cash, so i can quit my fuckin' gash.
die, foci, then the motherfuckin' gangs selling cocaine roll my fuckin' brain like jesse james...
yo sun, as in solar, simply, because we are, we be, the rising stars and the sun that never set.
and the water in the sea be the essence of me.
if you ain't ready for this fruit, than put it back on the tree.
you should of never fucked with a nigga from the base.
so now i'm packing steel, keeping the shit really real, motherfucka you ducked trying to hop up in the truck.
you got every motherfucker in here ready to take a piece of your ass.
and if i take the fucking veil down, it's gonna fucking happen.
if not, go the fuck over there with your friend, then.
all right, look, let's not get too close, you know what i mean?
and i need a fix of that purple rain, the type of shit that drives membranes insane.
oh, yeah, i'm in the fast lane, snorting candy yams that free my body and soul and send me like shazam.
we've been discussing the chapters as we've been going along, but now we've finished the whole book.
and what i want to know is... what came to your mind last night when you were lying in your cell and you were reading the assignment?
i know i want to be a positive person to my family, right.
but i know that, me personally, if the situation arose where it was either starve or my children starving, or doing the right thing, then, you know, it's trey ball.
sadly, too many of our brothers got the mentality of joe, and come here and say, because of this and that,
i'm gonna put this in my hand using my family for an excuse.
when all the time, like you said, you got to be responsible for you.
so you gonna use, "my family was hungry so i went out and shot a motherfucker for money."
i don't know whether you know it or not, brother, but we are capitalists.
whether we're capitalists on a small scale, we live in a capitalist country.
you see, i bought this gun for a few rocks just to get even, so i thought, with those shit-eating cops.
holding the cold, blue steel in the palm of my hand, not quite sixteen, yet totally a man.
getting paid, school and all that other square shit could kiss my ass.
mad at my bun, toying with my gun, tipped on over to my favorite poolroom just to have some fun.
rips was at full blast, so i chalked up my cue, ready to kick some ass.
i played a few hours, beat all the old timers and was about to go.
um, they, um, it's so wild that we had this conversation today, because, they have, they cut this program.
and it's just brought home the fact that, you know, it really isn't about rehabilitation anymore, you know?
it's really fucked up that you've had a hard time in your life.
whatever your story is, whatever it is that brought you here in your life, that shit is really fucked up.
he wasn't no sucker, now, he'd get ready to get down, you know?
but he won wars from the beginning without ever having to use violence.
actually, tonight you probably hear some of his work because we're gonna do a little poetry reading.
brothers and sisters, love will leave you melancholy as a muted trumpet.
as i ride his tongue and groove to the sound of chords no man has ever touched.
his touch tempts me to taste flesh of my flesh from which he is made.
i haven't done time, but i know something about that, ray.
and all i'm saying is, this thing that you're going through right now is what is going to catapult you into a fucking dream.
you see, it's more fun with a cone, because i lick the tip and then i crunch and munch the cone.
and then i lick the tip again, and i crunch and i munch on the cone until there's one sip at the bottom tip and i pop it in my mouth and grin because i like that game.
that the entire eighth grade started calling her, "like lilly like wilson like".
until i made my classroom a "like-free" zone, and she could not speak for days.
let's please bring lauren up here to make it happen for us right now.
there's nothing else that can happen in the word but to make the word be the word itself.
this is, um, a poem that i found when i was drowning one day.
this is, um, for a friend of mine who's um, goin' through a hard time right now.
moving through the universe, a whirling dervish with no end, no purpose, no means, no life left to live.
and yet still i want to go to that place where i can run.
you can give birth to an excuse so easily, you'll believe it's always been there.
part of the natural order, made to order by your forever clever mind.
i believe like a holy roller, singing, sweating, preaching, go tell it on the mountain, while speaking in twenty different tongues, while diving in ten thousand feet of baptismal water without a life preserver.
i believe like my bullet-ridden brother out there somewhere right now gurgling blood through his last breath, spitting out a red ripe prayer so new, so sweet, so baby fresh, so full of truth, he thinks it can save his life.
i would stand there and whisper memories of my children's future.
i would let their future dwell in my past so that i might live a brighter now.
i would let their future dwell in my past so that i might live a brighter now.
now is the essence of my domain, and it contains all that was and will be.
but my flight doesn't go undisturbed because time makes dreams defer and all of my time fears are turning my days into daymares.
and i live daymares reliving nightmares that once haunted my past sha clack clack.
with little pickaninny sons and daughters standing up under them with big sticks and aluminum foil, hittin' them trying to catch pieces of fallen fried chicken wings.
and aunt jemima and uncle ben are standing in the corners with rifles pointing at the heads of the little children.
we would like to see the bond set in the amount of $10,000 surety.
this court will enter a plea of not guilty on behalf of mr. joshua.
and usually, the success ratio of convictions on drug cases, is about 9o to 95 percent.
if you lock up ten people, nine, nine and a half go to jail.
i got a quarter pound of weed, and you're telling me here
i got to serve five to ten years and there's not shit you can do for me?
i know it sounds like a lot of time, but most guys get a lot longer than that, man.
the best or most i can do is try to get you two or three.
now listen carefully to me, and you'll understand what makes me so angry.
we have less than 500,000 people in the district of columbia.
psychopath nut, bet they get a bigger fuckin' case, cuz my love the nigga's down for a double name case, what the fuck did they want, it's a motherfuckin' gun, from the g's apc's where the fucker's from, niggas better run,
if they don't catch up they just get fucked by my motherfuckin' focus.
knock you off your motherfuckin'ass, not afraid to pass, get me all of that cash, so i can quit my fuckin' gash.
die, foci, then the motherfuckin' gangs selling cocaine roll my fuckin' brain like jesse james...
but, we livin' for the land, from the soil to the sand.
and the water in the sea be the essence of me.
i know they been trying to ask you questions about mike.
they asked me a few questions, but i don't know shit, y'know.
like i said, i love y'all, but i'm telling it the way it fucking is, man.
them motherfuckers outside this place don't give a fuck about us.
i mean, sure, i know i want to stay off the street.
i know i want to be a positive person to my family, right.
but i know that, me personally, if the situation arose where it was either starve or my children starving, or doing the right thing, then, you know, it's trey ball.
or monster cody got to do what he got to do.
i'm gonna put this in my hand using my family for an excuse.
when all the time, like you said, you got to be responsible for you.
mad at my bun, toying with my gun, tipped on over to my favorite poolroom just to have some fun.
rips was at full blast, so i chalked up my cue, ready to kick some ass.
i played a few hours, beat all the old timers and was about to go.
until the three- one of the three bama motherfuckers stepped on my toe.
whatever your story is, whatever it is that brought you here in your life, that shit is really fucked up.
if you keep shoving the anger and the pain and the frustration down, and you keep saying that's all right, i'm gonna do what i gotta do and you don't let it come out, that keeps pushing you down.
you can say, okay, yeah, it's fucked up, but i am not gonna live like this.
i am going to take my destiny into my own hands.
and one of them is to pass this to an old friend of mine.
this is something a friend of mine gave me a long time ago.
i want you to take something out the door with you when you leave.
those six digits on that band i told you about, they'll be there waiting for you if you ever come back.
his touch tempts me to taste flesh of my flesh from which he is made.
his invisible strokes are felt as he stands on the stage in front of me.
if it is up to me, i'll die tomorrow a thousand times in an hour and live seven minutes later.
if it is up to me, the sun will never cease to shine and the moon will never cease to glow and i'll dance a million tomorrows in the sun rays of the moon waves and bathe in the yesterdays of days to come,
and all i'm saying is, this thing that you're going through right now is what is going to catapult you into a fucking dream.
you can't see that right now because you haven't been there.
you don't know what kind of prisons i've been a part of.
you don't know what it's like to sell your ass on the street for a hit of crack.
i was in a zone where i had to make a wise choice between a cup or a cone.
you see, it's more fun with a cone, because i lick the tip and then i crunch and munch the cone.
this is, um, for a friend of mine who's um, goin' through a hard time right now.
i feel like my back is against a brick wall, and i've got a mac truck two inches from my face.
clip all the wires, hookups and hangups, and then you're home free.
you can give birth to an excuse so easily, you'll believe it's always been there.
part of the natural order, made to order by your forever clever mind.
constantly protecting you against things you no longer need to be protected from.
i believe like my bullet-ridden brother out there somewhere right now gurgling blood through his last breath, spitting out a red ripe prayer so new, so sweet, so baby fresh, so full of truth, he thinks it can save his life.
god does not exist in desperation and hope is lying dead somewhere in the sewer down the street, around the corner, in the alley, underneath the feet of somebody, itching, scratching, trembling, jonesing for their next hit
i got two motherfucking minutes before i run free or die, ya'll.
two minutes before i smash my face into the grill of a mac truck.
i would let their future dwell in my past so that i might live a brighter now.
now is the essence of my domain and it contains all that was and will be because i am and i will...
i would stand there and whisper memories of my children's future.
i would let their future dwell in my past so that i might live a brighter now.
now is the essence of my domain, and it contains all that was and will be.
and i am as i was and will be because i am and always will be that nigga.
it was me with serpentine hair with a timeless stare that with immortal glare turned mortal fear into stone time capsules.
they still exist as the walking dead as i do, the original suffer-head, symbol of life and matriarchy's severed head.
and i be riding on the wings of eternity like, ya, ya, ya, sha clack clack.
but my flight doesn't go undisturbed because time makes dreams defer and all of my time fears are turning my days into daymares.
and i be having dreams of chocolate-covered watermelons filled with fried chickens like pinatas.
with little pickaninny sons and daughters standing up under them with big sticks and aluminum foil, hittin' them trying to catch pieces of fallen fried chicken wings.
you don't go to the trouble of making your bed, smoothing out the sheets, fluffing up the pillows, just to ruin it all by lying down.
the phrase should be, "you laid in your bed, now make it."
like it or not, that man is a child of god.
now, i have made a commitment to allah to defend the rights of all prisoners inside of oz.
billy shakespeare, in his last will and testament, left his wife, anne hathaway, his, quote, "second-best bed."
now, shakespeare had abandoned anne and the kids years before, and had only come back home to stratford when his bones had started to creak.
- how is that possible, given what you did, that you sleep through the night?
when people ask me about my daughter's death, i tell them it was an accident.
lincoln never even slept in the bed that's in the lincoln bedroom.
now, how dumb do you got to be to give hard or soft money for a decent place to crash, and it's false advertising?
this is another in a long series of false, partizan accusations that have been perpetuated by a scandal-hungry press.
i intend to go to oswald today and confront mr. walker face to face.
lncluded in the report is the drug testing that i instituted as mandatory for all state employees.
there is no indication of any illegal chemical substances in my system.
i have here plane tickets and a guest list proving that on may 3rd, i was attending a reception for our nation's governors in the blue room at the white house.
now, mr. walker, how could i be in two places at the same time?
the one thing i learned is that when you come through them gates, you got to have props.
you got to be somebody to get respect so the brothers and the others don't fuck with you.
before em city opened, he was in unit b, in the cell right next to giles.
before he got sent into solitary, did giles ever say anything about his life on the outside?
he'd be a menace to the rest of the prison population.
well, still, i feel like i should do something special for him.
how far do i need to go to get away from what happened?
you know, we didn't have the best marriage, preston and i.
at the end of the day, a bed is the best friend you got.
sure, the mattress may be lumpy, the springs may have sprung, the bed itself may be in some seedy motel or in oz.
and if you're lucky enough to have the right person lying next to you, shit.
there ain't a reason you got to get out of that bed come morning.
you don't go to the trouble of making your bed, smoothing out the sheets, fluffing up the pillows, just to ruin it all by lying down.
the phrase should be, "you laid in your bed, now make it."
like it or not, that man is a child of god.
now, i have made a commitment to allah to defend the rights of all prisoners inside of oz.
so was one of those reasons the fact that schillinger knew wittlesey murdered ross?
you mean did she say to me that was one of her reasons?
now, shakespeare had abandoned anne and the kids years before, and had only come back home to stratford when his bones had started to creak.
was the second-best bed a joke between a husband and wife?
your father got fed ground glass over the course of months.
now, whoever did that, probably adebisi, took the time because they knew that nino was watching.
lincoln never even slept in the bed that's in the lincoln bedroom.
now, how dumb do you got to be to give hard or soft money for a decent place to crash, and it's false advertising?
this is another in a long series of false, partizan accusations that have been perpetuated by a scandal-hungry press.
i intend to go to oswald today and confront mr. walker face to face.
lncluded in the report is the drug testing that i instituted as mandatory for all state employees.
there is no indication of any illegal chemical substances in my system.
i have here plane tickets and a guest list proving that on may 3rd, i was attending a reception for our nation's governors in the blue room at the white house.
now, mr. walker, how could i be in two places at the same time?
the one thing i learned is that when you come through them gates, you got to have props.
you got to be somebody to get respect so the brothers and the others don't fuck with you.
i had no one to come to see if i was still breathing.
so i said, "hey, get on tv, become a superstar, maybe they'd come for longer.
i've been accused of so many things in the past year or so that when i realized i could actually prove my innocence on this one...
well, it tinges all the other charges with a wonderful veneer of doubt.
giles was on the corner of sycamore and broome on the day my husband was killed.
he saw whoever pushed leonard off the back of that truck.
even if he did what he said he did, he's still prone to violence.
he'd be a menace to the rest of the prison population.
at the end of the day, a bed is the best friend you got.
sure, the mattress may be lumpy, the springs may have sprung, the bed itself may be in some seedy motel or in oz.
and if you're lucky enough to have the right person lying next to you, shit.
there ain't a reason you got to get out of that bed come morning.
i always wanted to try that, but you know, i just--
it seems like it would be so much fun, you know ?
and if you get a hookup-- if you get a hookup--
you gotta drag it all the way back to the boat.
♪ ain't no foolin ain't no foolin' come on around ♪
♪ get your hands up now singing' ♪ [ man on megaphone, indistinct ]
i was hoping i'd get here in time to train with you guys.
[ wyatt ] there are only a handful of surfers in the world...
when the rescue team goes in to get him, they can't find him.
[ brian ] rush, what is the worst-case scenario in this extreme surf ?
i think, if you let go of the rope too soon,
and you fade to the bottom of the pit with no speed...
to get sucked over the falls on a really, really big wave,
and lose all your air on impact and get sucked down really far;
[ gasping ] [ wyatt ] this is for you, and this is for you.
- how come you're not over there with your friends ?
- we'd love to hang with you guys, but i think it's time to go.
[ darrick ] might only get one shot at a swell this big.
♪ [ off-key ] she gave me her number and her eyes were as big as the moon ♪
♪ soon i know i'm gonna be in her arms tonight ♪
so if you can make it past the initial intensity of that impact,
the rest of this current should take you over to the channel.
i got to 21 seconds before i pushed off the bottom again.
fortunately, i saw a blue spot, and i went through and i made it.
you ever had one of those friends where it doesn't even matter--
all you gotta do is just think about him and you smile ?
probably not. lf you understood, i probably wouldn't be saying it.
say a big swell hits hawaii, and you ride one of those huge waves.
the wave folds back together on the other side of the island.
then back out across the ocean, to wherever it needs to go.
without lies, taking only what you need, giving only what you can.
she feels safe with you, although she knows she won't stay with you forever.
and here, in a marketplace in bali, on the other side of the world, he was about to become one of them.
some mornings i wake up and ask myself, "will i die today?" you never know when you'll go.
and it's getting darker and darker, and all the clouds surrounding you.
like you're just about to black out, and it's really loud and dark ... i think that'd be a really bad scenario.
you must be quick and agile to fly, and flexible, to reduce injury.
with big waves, you can be held under for more than one wave.
i counted 2 1 seconds before i pushed off the bottom.
i saw a blue spot and went through, and i made it.
jet lag's got me down, but i'ii get used to it.
as soon as we can, we're going to move the car.
very few surfers have the courage and skill to ride really big waves.
and here, in a marketplace in bali, on the other side of the world, he was about to become one of them.
some mornings i wake up and ask myself, "will i die today?" you never know when you'll go.
if something goes wrong, the jet ski is your only salvation.
and it's getting darker and darker, and all the clouds surrounding you.
like you're just about to black out, and it's really loud and dark ...
you must be quick and agile to fly, and flexible, to reduce injury.
with big waves, you can be held under for more than one wave.
you may not realise it, but you and your friends are a tribe.
it's a tribe built on mutual respect and a common understanding of what it takes to do what we do.
but when our camera team went there the facts were quite different.
riots in mumbai started when some people angry over the demolition... of babri mosque, set radheshwari homes on fire.
according to local administration if tension between two communities continued like this the military may have to be called soon...
about 600 people have been injured in the riots and 240 have died.
and if this the reality of our country - let our child see it too.
now that my ticket has come and i'm about to go from here...
and per chance anybody enters, then when shall gurdial's sword work.
it is said that one sikh is equal to 1.25 lakh.
somewhere hindu is killing a muslim and somewhere muslim kills hindu.
will relatives of old woman sit quiet when they know her plight.
my daddy is coming today to see us after many days.
please mother, when he comes today, don't let him go back.
until brothers agree to their views the country won't move ahead.
until saviors continue to act as killers the nation won't progress.
real image of our nation can be seen in at the holy angel hospital.
along with people responsible for riots are people like ajay desai... who have courage to save their mother's criminal from the police.
she is not only your mother, she is mother of our organization.
and we'll not take revenge from one boy, but from his entire community.
when you've favorable news call me soon, i'll come with the rally.
we will take out body of anand's mother in a grand procession.
sonia, i've a wound which i've kept hidden from you till today.
but now, i can't hide it - even if i want to.
if your mommy comes to know, you may get beating on your birthday.
ma always said to me you're my flower, you're my moon."
doctor said, baby weighs 7 pounds, and both are perfectly alright.
if papa doesn't have shooting - can he come for some time?
our height proved very short to cross the big walls of religion.
i was surviving on the hope that someday your grandma will agree.
without regard to fact that your brother is an important member... of our organization you shouted about your mother being a muslim.
now when city is burning, you want to take her for burial.
when thousands of members of our party come here... to join in the grief of anand and when they find this truth... won't they feel cheated?
i want to have mother's last rites in same way as i've always seen her
our life is not always as we want it to be...!
we've to live our life in the way people expect us to live.
her body will be used for the welfare of whole human race.
are you worried about the welfare of human race or your own welfare.
when it comes to public interest - we resort to sacrificing lives...
one who has lost most valuable thing of world, won't fear you.
and this boy in casualty ward will be killed if i move from here.
mother said - there are clouds so the water should fall from sky"
i couldn't find nothing beautiful or up lifting about her going back to god.
i heard people talk about immortality, but i ain't seen it.
this is their road to australia, and this is their way of controlling the sea lanes to america.
if we're gonna stop the japs' advance into the south pacific, we've gotta do it right there.
why did the japs put an airfield there of all places?
i guess we don't know the bigger picture, if there is such a thing.
my stepdaddy took a block and beat me when i was real little and i was scared and i used to run, i used to hide.
hell, i slept in the chicken coop a whole lot of nights.
all's i know are them crew guys said they didn't catch no air raid the last time.
on the other hand, time before last they nearly got blew up.
i never bargained for nothing like this when i signed up for this man's army before the war.
how was i supposed to know there was gonna be a fuckin' war, huh?
- captain, you say one more word to thank me, i'll knock you right in the teeth.
you mention me in your fuckin' orders, and i'll resign so fast and leave you here to run this busted-up outfit by yourself.
we need to take advantage of it before they see their error.
all right, all right, i know you're all pretty exhausted, and we've had a hell of a time getting water up here.
i don't know ifyou realise the importance of this operation, staros.
once our position is secured, we can move the bombers in.
ok, we're gonna continue on up the hill to the right.
nobody fire or throw the grenades till i give the signal.
we'll get everything for all of 'em that we can, but later.
meantime, i want you to know i'm personally recommending you for something, john.
well, i want to take advantage ofthat before something happens to sap their strength.
to have this battalion relieved in a defeat, or even to have it reinforced from troops from the reserves, if we were to stall before reaching the top, well,
it is no goddamn good for you to keep hanging around.
the quieter we keep this, the better it'll be for all.
no matter how much training you got, how careful you are,
it's a matter of luck whether or not you get killed.
i want you to know i think the whole thing's a bad idea, though.
if they come down here in any strength, lieutenant, they'll knock our position to hell.
as long as he's in shape to make reveille and carry out any assignment given.
if he can't do that, he's gonna have trouble from me.
you know, my daddy always told me it's gonna get a lot worse before it gets better.
you know, cos life ain't supposed to be that hard when you're young.
what it'd be like to know that this breath now... was the last one you was ever gonna draw.
i just hope i can meet it the same way she did... with the same calm.
all's i know is them crew guys said they didn't catch no air raid the last time they made this run.
on the other hand, time before last, they nearly got blew up.
i never bargained for nothing like this when i signed up for this man's army... back in the bronx before the war.
how was i supposed to know there was gonna be a fuckin' war, huh?
oh, if they didn't know this beach was deserted, what else don't they know?
[train] who are you who live in all these many forms?
when you get to the end of that field... all the ridges-.
i'm sure the japs got something there to protect the approaches.
i see 'em lying down there on their fat asses doing nothing.
you get a man to 'em right now with orders to attack!
do i have to give you a 10-cent lesson on infantry tactics... while your men are getting their asses shot off?
colonel, i don't think that you fully understand what is going on down here.
i formally request to be given permission for patrol reconnaissance around... to the right of hill 210 through the jungle.
i believe the entire position, sir, can be outflanked with a maneuver there in force.
now, in the meantime, goddamn it, i want you to hold on until i get there!
and if possible, you get those men on the ridge out and moving!
once our position is secured, we can move the bombers in.
that means air power for a thousand miles in every direction.
getting it for you, now, that's gonna be the goddamn problem.
but, hell, it would just be a big thing for the battalion and the regiment too if you did get it.
well, i want to take advantage of that before something happens to sap their strength.
to have this battalion relieved in - in a defeat... or even to have it reinforced from troops from the reserve regiment -
if we were to stall before reaching the top, well -
jesus christ, that's just a hell of a lot more than i could stand!
i don't see any reason to make a scandal out of this.
i don't want it in the records of the battalion where i commanded... and there's no reason for you to have it on your records.
i think it's best you go back right away with the next batch of wounded and prisoners.
it is no goddamn good for you to keep hanging around.
i want to come back to you the man i was before.
how do we get to those other shores... to those blue hills?
no matter how much training you got, how careful you are... it's a matter of luck whether or not you get killed.
makes no difference who you are or how tough a guy you might be.
how'd it break up and come apart... so that now we're turned against each other... each standing in the other's light?
how did we lose the good that was given us... let it slip away... scatter it, careless?
only one thing a man can do - find something that's his... make an island for himself.
if i never meet you in this life... let me feel the lack.
you know, my daddy always told me it's gonna get a whole lot worse before it gets better.
you know, 'cause life ain't supposed to be that hard when you're young.
i couldn't find nothing beautiful or uplifting about her going back to god.
i heard people talk about immortality, but i ain't seen it.
this is their road to australia, and this is their way of controlling the sea lanes to america.
if we're gonna stop the japs' advance into the south pacific, we've gotta do it right there.
all's i know are them crew guys said they didn't catch no air raid the last time.
on the other hand, time before last they nearly got blew up.
i never bargained for nothing like this when i signed up for this man's army before the war.
how was i supposed to know there was gonna be a fuckin' war, huh?
–captain... you say one more word to thank me, i'll knock you right in the teeth.
you mention me in your fuckin' orders, and i'll resign so fast... and leave you here to run this busted-up outfit by yourself.
i request permission for patrol reconnaissance around... to the right of hill 210.
i believe the entire position, sir... can be outflanked with a manœuvre there in force.
now, in the meantime, goddamn it, i want you to hold on until i get there.
and, if possible, you get those men on the ridge out and moving!
we need to take advantage of it before they see their error.
all right, all right, i know you're all pretty exhausted... and we've had a hell of a time getting water up here.
ok, we're gonna continue on up the hill to the right.
nobody fire or throw the grenades till i give the signal.
we'll get everything for all of 'em that we can, but later.
meantime, i want you to know i'm personally recommending you for something, john.
john, i'm convinced that the japanese position can be broken now.
all we have to do is keep going and we'll have this hill.
to have this battalion relieved in a defeat... or even to have it reinforced from troops from the reserves... if we were to stall before reaching the top, well...
jesus christ, that's just a hell of a lot more than i could stand!
it is no goddamn good for you to keep hanging around.
the quieter we keep this, the better it'll be for all.
"after the inspection we're to be relieved by a battalion of the division's reserve regiment."
"i've secured for the battalion a week's rest off the line."
you know, my daddy always told me it's gonna get a lot worse before it gets better.
you know, cos life ain't supposed to be that hard when you're young.
i couldn't find nothing beautiful or up lifting about her going back to god.
i heard people talk about immortality, but i ain't seen it.
this is their road to australia, and this is their way of controlling the sea lanes to america.
if we're gonna stop the japs' advance into the south pacific, we've gotta do it right there.
why did the japs put an airfield there of all places?
i guess we don't know the bigger picture, if there is such a thing.
my stepdaddy took a block and beat me when i was real little and i was scared and i used to run, i used to hide.
hell, i slept in the chicken coop a whole lot of nights.
all's i know are them crew guys said they didn't catch no air raid the last time.
on the other hand, time before last they nearly got blew up.
i never bargained for nothing like this when i signed up for this man's army before the war.
how was i supposed to know there was gonna be a fuckin' war, huh?
- captain, you say one more word to thank me, i'll knock you right in the teeth.
you mention me in your fuckin' orders, and i'll resign so fast and leave you here to run this busted-up outfit by yourself.
we need to take advantage of it before they see their error.
all right, all right, i know you're all pretty exhausted, and we've had a hell of a time getting water up here.
i don't know ifyou realise the importance of this operation, staros.
once our position is secured, we can move the bombers in.
we need to take advantage of it before they see their error.
all right, all right, i know you're all pretty exhausted, and we've had a hell of a time getting water up here.
i don't know ifyou realise the importance of this operation, staros.
once our position is secured, we can move the bombers in.
ok, we're gonna continue on up the hill to the right.
nobody fire or throw the grenades till i give the signal.
we'll get everything for all of 'em that we can, but later.
meantime, i want you to know i'm personally recommending you for something, john.
well, i want to take advantage ofthat before something happens to sap their strength.
to have this battalion relieved in a defeat, or even to have it reinforced from troops from the reserves, if we were to stall before reaching the top, well,
it is no goddamn good for you to keep hanging around.
the quieter we keep this, the better it'll be for all.
no matter how much training you got, how careful you are,
it's a matter of luck whether or not you get killed.
i want you to know i think the whole thing's a bad idea, though.
if they come down here in any strength, lieutenant, they'll knock our position to hell.
as long as he's in shape to make reveille and carry out any assignment given.
if he can't do that, he's gonna have trouble from me.
you know, my daddy always told me it's gonna get a lot worse before it gets better.
you know, cos life ain't supposed to be that hard when you're young.
we're living in a world that's blowing itself to hell as fast as everybody can arrange it.
in a situation like that, all a man can do is shut his eyes and let nothing touch him.
i just can't help how damn scared i am, sarge, all right?
i just can't help how damn scared i am, sarge, all right?
you're to locate and eliminate all the hidden strong points on those ridges.
i'm sure the japs got something there to protect the approaches.
you mention me in your fuckin' orders, and i'll resign my rating so fast..
and leave you here to run this busted-up outfit by yourself.
we can't see it, and it's.. it's chewing my men to pieces, sir.
i formally request to be given permission for patrol reconnaissance around..
i don't know if you realize the importance of this operation, staros.
once our position is secured, we can move the bombers in.
okay, we're gonna continue on up the hill to the right.
nobody fire or throw their grenades till i give the signal.
we need to extend our lines, hook up with the other companies and push on to the top.
would you like to take command of baker company over on the left?
you go back to the rear as far as you have to go to find water..
and get back here with it as fast as you can!
i don't want it in the records of the battalion where i commanded..
and there's no reason for you to have it on your records.
it is no goddamn good for you to keep hanging around.
the quieter we keep this, the better it'll be for all.
"after the inspection, we're to be relieved by a battalion of the division's reserve regiment."
"i've secured for the battalion a week's rest off the line."
no matter how much training you got, how careful you are..
it's a matter of luck whether or not you get killed.
makes no difference who you are or how tough a guy you might be.
if you're in the wrong spot at the wrong time, you're gonna get it.
as long as he's ready and in shape to make reveille and carry out any assignment he is given.
if he can't do that, he's gonna have trouble from me.
i couldn't find nothing beautiful or uplifting about her going back to god.
i heard people talk about immortality, but i ain't seen it.
this is their road to australia, and this is their way of controlling the sea lanes to america.
if we're gonna stop the japs' advance into the south pacific, we've gotta do it right there.
why did the japs put an airfield there of all places?
i guess we don't know the bigger picture, if there is such a thing.
my stepdaddy took a block and beat me when i was real little and i was scared and i used to run, i used to hide.
hell, i slept in the chicken coop a whole lot of nights.
all's i know are them crew guys said they didn't catch no air raid the last time.
on the other hand, time before last they nearly got blew up.
i never bargained for nothing like this when i signed up for this man's army before the war.
how was i supposed to know there was gonna be a fuckin' war, huh?
- captain, you say one more word to thank me, i'll knock you right in the teeth.
you mention me in your fuckin' orders, and i'll resign so fast and leave you here to run this busted-up outfit by yourself.
do i have to give you a lesson on infantry tactics while your men are getting their asses shot off?
colonel, i don't think you fully understand what is going on here.
i request permission for patrol reconnaissance around to the right of hill 210.
i believe the entire position, sir, can be outflanked with a manoeuvre there in force.
i'm not rescinding my order to you, son, but if i find extenuating circumstances when i get there, i'll take that into account.
now, in the meantime, goddamn it, i want you to hold on until i get there.
john, i'm convinced that the japanese position can be broken now.
all we have to do is keep going and we'll have this hill.
to have this battalion relieved in a defeat, or even to have it reinforced from troops from the reserves, if we were to stall before reaching the top, well,
jesus christ, that's just a hell of a lot more than i could stand!
i think it's best you go back with the next batch of wounded and prisoners.
it is no goddamn good for you to keep hanging around.
"tomorrow the division commander will arrive to make an inspection of the line."
"after the inspection we're to be relieved by a battalion of the division's reserve regiment."
it's a matter of luck whether or not you get killed.
makes no difference who you are, or how tough a guy you might be, if you're in the wrong spot at the wrong time, you're gonna get it.
i want you to know i think the whole thing's a bad idea, though.
if they come down here in any strength, lieutenant, they'll knock our position to hell.
as long as he's in shape to make reveille and carry out any assignment given.
if he can't do that, he's gonna have trouble from me.
if i never meet you in this life, let me feel the lack.
a glance from your eyes, and my life will be yours.
you know, cos life ain't supposed to be that hard when you're young.
well, i figure after this the worst is gonna be gone.
i couldn't find nothing beautiful or uplifting about her going back to god.
i heard people talk about immortality, but i ain't seen it.
this is their road to australia, and this is their way of controlling the sea lanes to america.
if we're gonna stop the japs' advance into the south pacific, we've gotta do it right there.
why did the japs put an airfield there of all places?
i guess we don't know the bigger picture, if there is such a thing.
all's i know are them crew guys said they didn't catch no air raid the last time.
on the other hand, time before last they nearly got blew up.
i never bargained for nothing like this when i signed up for this man's army before the war.
how was i supposed to know there was gonna be a fuckin' war, huh?
now, in the meantime, goddamn it, i want you to hold on until i get there.
and, if possible, you get those men on the ridge out and moving!
we need to take advantage of it before they see their error.
all right, all right, i know you're all pretty exhausted, and we've had a hell of a time getting water up here.
i don't know if you realize the importance of this operation, staros.
once our position is secured, we can move the bombers in.
ok, we're gonna continue on up the hill to the right.
nobody fire or throw the grenades till i give the signal.
we'll get everything for all of 'em that we can, but later.
meantime, i want you to know i'm personally recommending you for something, john.
well, i want to take advantage of that before something happens to sap their strength.
to have this battalion relieved in a defeat, or even to have it reinforced from troops from the reserves, if we were to stall before reaching the top, well,
it is no goddamn good for you to keep hanging around.
the quieter we keep this, the better it'll be for all.
"after the inspection we're to be relieved by a battalion of the division's reserve regiment."
"i've secured for the battalion a week's rest off the line."
it's a matter of luck whether or not you get killed.
makes no difference who you are, or how tough a guy you might be, if you're in the wrong spot at the wrong time, you're gonna get it.
you know, my daddy always told me it's gonna get a lot worse before it gets better.
you know, cos life ain't supposed to be that hard when you're young.
i was afraid to touch the death i seen in her.
i couldn't fiind nothing beautiful or uplifting about her going back to god.
what it'd be like to know that this breath now was the last one you was ever gonna draw.
ijust hope i can meet it the same way she did.
well, ... . . then you've seen things i never will.
we're living in a world that's blowing itself to hell as fast as everybody can arrange it.
this is their road to australia, and this is their way of controlling the sea lanes to america.
if we're gonna stop the japs' advance into the south pacific, we've gotta do it right there.
why did the japs put an airfield there of all places?
i guess we don't know the bigger picture, if there is such a thing.
all's i know are them crew guys said they didn't catch no air raid the last time.
on the other hand, time before last they nearly got blew up.
i never bargained for nothing like this when i signed up for this man's army before the war.
how was i supposed to know there was gonna be a fuckin' war, huh?
when you get to the end of that field, eliminate all strongpoints on those ridges.
i'm sure the japs got something there to protect the approaches.
-captain, ... . . you say one more word to thank me, i'll knock you right in the teeth.
you mention me in your fuckin' orders, and i'll resign so fast... . . and leave you here to run this busted-up outfit by yourself.
now, in the meantime, goddamn it, i want you to hold on until i get there.
and, ifpossible, you get those men on the ridge out and moving!
we need to take advantage of it before they see their error.
all right, all right, i know you're all pretty exhausted, ... . . and we've had a hell of a time getting water up here.
i don't know if you realise the importance of this operation, staros.
once our position is secured, we can move the bombers in.
we'll get everything for all of 'em that we can, but later.
meantime, i want you to know i'm personally recommending you for something, john.
well, i want to take advantage of that before something happens to sap their strength.
to have this battalion relieved in a defeat, ... . . or even to have it reinforced from troops from the reserves, ... . . if we were to stall before reaching the top, well, ... . .
i think it's best you go back with the next batch of wounded and prisoners.
it is no goddamn good for you to keep hanging around.
"tomorrow the division commander will arrive to make an inspection of the line. "
"after the inspection we're to be relieved by a battalion of the division's reserve regiment. "
no matter how much training you got, ... . . how careful you are, ...
. . it's a matter of luck whether or not you get killed.
i want you to know i think the whole thing's a bad idea, though.
if they come down here in any strength, lieutenant, they'll knock our position to hell.
you know, cos life ain't supposed to be that hard when you're young.
well, i figure after this the worst is gonna be gone.
what it'd be like to know that this breath now was the last one you was ever gonna draw.
i just hope i can meet it the same way she did.
we're living in a world that's blowing itself to hell as fast as everybody can arrange it.
in a situation like that all a man can do is shut his eyes and let nothing touch him.
first he gets us stuck off on this boat where we don't know a fucking soul.
then he gets us stuck way down in fourth place on the list to get off this son of a bitch.
when you get to the end of that field, eliminate all strongpoints on those ridges.
i'm sure the japs got something there to protect the approaches.
i request permission for patrol reconnaissance around to the right of hill 210.
i believe the entire position, sir, can be outflanked with a maneuver there in force.
now, in the meantime, goddamn it, i want you to hold on until i get there.
and, if possible, you get those men on the ridge out and moving!
we need to take advantage of it before they see their error.
aii right, all right, i know you're all pretty exhausted, and we've had a hell of a time getting water up here.
i don't know if you realize the importance of this operation, staros.
once our position is secured, we can move the bombers in.
ok, we're gonna continue on up the hill to the right.
nobody fire or throw the grenades till i give the signal.
we'ii get everything for all of 'em that we can, but later.
meantime, i want you to know i'm personally recommending you for something, john.
well, i want to take advantage of that before something happens to sap their strength.
to have this battalion relieved in a defeat, or even to have it reinforced from troops from the reserves, if we were to stall before reaching the top, well,
it is no goddamn good for you to keep hanging around.
the quieter we keep this, the better it'ii be for all.
"after the inspection we're to be relieved by a battalion of the division's reserve regiment."
"i've secured for the battalion a week's rest off the line."
no matter how much training you got, how careful you are,
it's a matter of luck whether or not you get killed.
i want you to know i think the whole thing's a bad idea, though.
if they come down here in any strength, lieutenant, they'ii knock our position to hell.
as long as he's in shape to make reveiiie and carry out any assignment given.
if he can't do that, he's gonna have trouble from me.
if i never meet you in this life, let me feel the lack.
a glance from your eyes, and my life will be yours.
you know, cos life ain't supposed to be that hard when you're young.
well, i figure after this the worst is gonna be gone.
what it'd be like to know that this breath now was the last one you was ever gonna draw.
i just hope i can meet it the same way she did.
sometimes i think it was just my imagination. then you've seen things i never will.
we're living in a world that's blowing itself to hell as fast as everybody can arrange it.
you're notgonna take your men around into the jungle to avoid a god damn fight!
i want you to attack with every man at your disposal!
hook up with the other companies and push on to the top.
would you like to take command of baker company over on the left?
i think it's best you go back with the next batch of wounded and prisoners.
it is no god damn good for you to keep hanging around.
tomorrow the division commander will arrive to make personal inspection of the line".
after the inspection we're to be relieved by a battalion of the division's reserve regiment".
as long as he's in shape to make reveille and carry out any assignment given.
he's gonna have trouble from me. whether we like it or not.
my daddy always told me it's gonna get a lot worse before it gets better.
cos life ain't supposed to be that hard when you're young.
i couldn't find nothing beautiful or up lifting about her going back to god.
i heard people talk about immortality, but i ain't seen it.
this is their road to australia, and this is their way of controlling the sea lanes to america.
if we're gonna stop the japs' advance into the south pacific, we've gotta do it right there.
why did the japs put an airfield there of all places?
i guess we don't know the bigger picture, if there is such a thing.
first he gets us stuck off on this boat where we don't know a fucking soul.
then he gets us stuck way down in fourth place on the list to get off this son of a bitch.
when you get to the end of that field, eliminate all strong points on those ridges.
i'm sure the japs got something there to protect the approaches.
i request permission for patrol reconnaissance around to the right of hill 210.
i believe the entire position, sir, can be outflanked with a manoeuvre there in force.
i'm not rescinding my order to you, son, but if i find extenuating circumstances when i get there, i'll take that into account.
now, in the meantime, goddamn it, i want you to hold on until i get there.
john, i'm convinced that the japanese position can be broken now.
all we have to do is keep going and we'll have this hill.
to have this battalion relieved in a defeat, or even to have it reinforced from troops from the reserves, if we were to stall before reaching the top, well,
jesus christ, that's just a hell of a lot more than i could stand!
i think it's best you go back with the next batch of wounded and prisoners.
it is no goddamn good for you to keep hanging around.
"tomorrow the division commander will arrive to make an inspection of the line".
"after the inspection we're to be relieved by a battalion of the division's reserve regiment".
it's a matter of luck whether or not you get killed.
makes no difference who you are, or how tough a guy you might be, if you're in the wrong spot at the wrong time, you're gonna get it.
you know, cos life ain't supposed to be that hard when you're young.
well, i figure after this the worst is gonna be gone.
what it'd be like to know that this breath now was the last one you was ever gonna draw.
i just hope i can meet it the same way she did.
we're living in a world that's blowing itself to hell as fast as everybody can arrange it.
in a situation like that all a man can do is shut his eyes and let nothing touch him.
first he gets us stuck off on this boat where we don't know a fucking soul.
then he gets us stuck way down in fourth place on the list to get offthis son of a bitch.
when you get to the end ofthat field, eliminate all strongpoints on those ridges.
i'm sure the japs got something there to protect the approaches.
i request permission for patrol reconnaissance around to the right of hill 210.
i believe the entire position, sir, can be outflanked with a manoeuvre there in force.
i'm not rescinding my order to you, son, but if i find extenuating circumstances when i get there, i'll take that into account.
now, in the meantime, goddamn it, i want you to hold on until i get there.
john, i'm convinced that the japanese position can be broken now.
all we have to do is keep going and we'll have this hill.
to have this battalion relieved in a defeat, or even to have it reinforced from troops from the reserves, if we were to stall before reaching the top, well,
jesus christ, that's just a hell of a lot more than i could stand!
i think it's best you go back with the next batch of wounded and prisoners.
it is no goddamn good for you to keep hanging around.
"tomorrow the division commander will arrive to make an inspection ofthe line".
"after the inspection we're to be relieved by a battalion of the division's reserve regiment".
it's a matter of luck whether or not you get killed.
makes no difference who you are, or how tough a guy you might be, if you're in the wrong spot at the wrong time, you're gonna get it.
you know, cos life ain't supposed to be that hard when you're young.
well, i figure after this the worst is gonna be gone.
i was afraid to touch the death i seen in her.
i heard people talk about immortality, but i ain't seen it.
this is their road to australia, and this is their way of controlling the sea lanes to america.
if we're gonna stop the japs' advance into the south pacific, we've gotta do it right there.
why did the japs put an airfield there of all places?
i guess we don't know the bigger picture, if there is such a thing.
my step daddy took a block and beat me when i was real little and i was scared and i used to run, i used to hide.
hell, i slept in the chicken coop a whole lot of nights.
all's i know are them crew guys said they didn't catch no air raid the last time.
on the other hand, time before last they nearly got blew up.
i never bargained for nothing like this when i signed up for this man's army before the war.
how was i supposed to know there was gonna be a fuckin' war, huh?
- captain, you say one more word to thank me, i'll knock you right in the teeth.
you mention me in your fuckin' orders, and i'll resign so fast and leave you here to run this busted-up outfit by yourself.
now, in the meantime, goddamn it, i want you to hold on until i get there.
and, if possible, you get those men on the ridge out and moving!
we need to take advantage of it before they see their error.
all right, all right, i know you're all pretty exhausted, and we've had a hell of a time getting water up here.
i don't know if you realize the importance of this operation, staros.
once our position is secured, we can move the bombers in.
ok, we're gonna continue on up the hill to the right.
nobody fire or throw the grenades till i give the signal.
we'll get everything for all of 'em that we can, but later.
meantime, i want you to know i'm personally recommending you for something, john.
well, i want to take advantage of that before something happens to sap their strength.
to have this battalion relieved in a defeat, or even to have it reinforced from troops from the reserves, if we were to stall before reaching the top, well,
it is no goddamn good for you to keep hanging around.
the quieter we keep this, the better it'll be for all.
"after the inspection we're to be relieved by a battalion of the division's reserve regiment."
"i've secured for the battalion a week's rest off the line."
no matter how much training you got, how careful you are,
it's a matter of luck whether or not you get killed.
you know, my daddy always told me it's gonna get a lot worse before it gets better.
you know, cos life ain't supposed to be that hard when you're young.
i was afraid to touch the death i seen in her.
i couldn't find nothing beautiful or uplifting about her going back to god.
what it'd be like to know that this breath now was the last one you was ever gonna draw.
i just hope i can meet it the same way she did.
we're living in a world that's blowing itself to hell as fast as everybody can arrange it.
in a situation like that all a man can do is shut his eyes and let nothing touch him.
first he gets us stuck off on this boat where we don't know a fucking soul.
then he gets us stuck way down in fourth place on the list to get off this son of a bitch.
when you get to the end of that field, eliminate all strong points on those ridges.
i'm sure the japs got something there to protect the approaches.
- captain, you say one more word to thank me, i'll knock you right in the teeth.
you mention me in your fuckin' orders, and i'll resign so fast and leave you here to run this busted-up outfit by yourself.
do i have to give you a lesson on infantry tactics while your men are getting their asses shot off?
colonel, i don't think you fully understand what is going on here.
i request permission for patrol reconnaissance around to the right of hill 210.
i believe the entire position, sir, can be outflanked with a manoeuvre there in force.
i'm not rescinding my order to you, son, but if i find extenuating circumstances when i get there, i'll take that into account.
now, in the meantime, goddamn it, i want you to hold on until i get there.
well, i want to take advantage of that before something happens to sap their strength.
to have this battalion relieved in a defeat, or even to have it reinforced from troops from the reserves, if we were to stall before reaching the top, well,
it is no goddamn good for you to keep hanging around.
the quieter we keep this, the better it'll be for all.
"it will prove a milestone in the battle for guadalcanal. "
"tomorrow the division commander will arrive to make an inspection of the line. "
"after the inspection we're to be relieved by a battalion of the division's reserve regiment. "
"i've secured for the battalion a week's rest off the line. "
no matter how much training you got, how careful you are,
it's a matter of luck whether or not you get killed.
you know, my daddy always told me it's gonna get a lot worse before it gets better.
you know, cos life ain't supposed to be that hard when you're young.
i couldn't find nothing beautiful or up lifting about her going back to god.
i heard people talk about immortality, but i ain't seen it.
this is their road to australia, and this is their way of controlling the sea lanes to america.
if we're gonna stop the japs' advance into the south pacific, we've gotta do it right there.
why did the japs put an airfield there of all places?
i guess we don't know the bigger picture, if there is such a thing.
my stepdaddy took a block and beat me when i was real little and i was scared and i used to run, i used to hide.
hell, i slept in the chicken coop a whole lot of nights.
all's i know are them crew guys said they didn't catch no air raid the last time.
on the other hand, time before last they nearly got blew up.
i never bargained for nothing like this when i signed up for this man's army before the war.
how was i supposed to know there was gonna be a fuckin' war, huh?
- captain, you say one more word to thank me, i'll knock you right in the teeth.
you mention me in your fuckin' orders, and i'll resign so fast and leave you here to run this busted-up outfit by yourself.
now, in the meantime, goddamn it, i want you to hold on until i get there.
and, if possible, you get those men on the ridge out and moving!
we need to take advantage of it before they see their error.
all right, all right, i know you're all pretty exhausted, and we've had a hell of a time getting water up here.
i don't know if you realise the importance of this operation, staros.
once our position is secured, we can move the bombers in.
ok, we're gonna continue on up the hill to the right.
nobody fire or throw the grenades till i give the signal.
we'll get everything for all of 'em that we can, but later.
meantime, i want you to know i'm personally recommending you for something, john.
well, i want to take advantage of that before something happens to sap their strength.
to have this battalion relieved in a defeat, or even to have it reinforced from troops from the reserves, if we were to stall before reaching the top, well,
it is no goddamn good for you to keep hanging around.
the quieter we keep this, the better it'll be for all.
"after the inspection we're to be relieved by a battalion of the division's reserve regiment".
"i've secured for the battalion a week's rest off the line".
no matter how much training you got, how careful you are,
it's a matter of luck whether or not you get killed.
i want you to know i think the whole thing's a bad idea, though.
if they come down here in any strength, lieutenant, they'll knock our position to hell.
as long as he's in shape to make reveille and carry out any assignment given.
if he can't do that, he's gonna have trouble from me.
you know, my daddy always told me it's gonna get a lot worse before it gets better.
you know, cos life ain't supposed to be that hard when you're young.
what it'd be like to know that this breath now was the last one you was ever gonna draw.
i just hope i can meet it the same way she did.
we're living in a world that's blowing itself to hell as fast as everybody can arrange it.
in a situation like that all a man can do is shut his eyes and let nothing touch him.
my stepdaddy took a block and beat me when i was real little and i was scared and i used to run, i used to hide.
hell, i slept in the chicken coop a whole lot of nights.
all's i know are them crew guys said they didn't catch no air raid the last time.
on the other hand, time before last they nearly got blew up.
i never bargained for nothing like this when i signed up for this man's army before the war.
how was i supposed to know there was gonna be a fuckin' war, huh?
- captain, you say one more word to thank me, i'll knock you right in the teeth.
you mention me in your fuckin' orders, and i'll resign so fast and leave you here to run this busted-up outfit by yourself.
now, in the meantime, goddamn it, i want you to hold on until i get there.
and, if possible, you get those men on the ridge out and moving!
we need to take advantage of it before they see their error.
all right, all right, i know you're all pretty exhausted, and we've had a hell of a time getting water up here.
i don't know if you realise the importance of this operation, staros.
once our position is secured, we can move the bombers in.
ok, we're gonna continue on up the hill to the right.
nobody fire or throw the grenades till i give the signal.
we'll get everything for all of 'em that we can, but later.
meantime, i want you to know i'm personally recommending you for something, john.
well, i want to take advantage of that before something happens to sap their strength.
to have this battalion relieved in a defeat, or even to have it reinforced from troops from the reserves, if we were to stall before reaching the top, well,
it is no goddamn good for you to keep hanging around.
the quieter we keep this, the better it'll be for all.
"after the inspection we're to be relieved by a battalion of the division's reserve regiment".
"i've secured for the battalion a week's rest off the line".
no matter how much training you got, how careful you are,
it's a matter of luck whether or not you get killed.
i want you to know i think the whole thing's a bad idea, though.
if they come down here in any strength, lieutenant, they'll knock our position to hell.
as long as he's in shape to make reveille and carry out any assignment given.
if he can't do that, he's gonna have trouble from me.
you know, my daddy always told me it's gonna get a lot worse before it gets better.
you know, cos life ain't supposed to be that hard when you're young.
i couldn't fiind nothing beautiful or uplifting about her going back to god.
i heard people talk about immortality, but i ain't seen it.
we're living in a world that's blowing itself to hell as fast as everybody can arrange it.
in a situation like that all a man can do is shut his eyes and let nothing touch him.
why did the japs put an airfield there of all places?
i guess we don't know the bigger picture, if there is such a thing.
all's i know are them crew guys said they didn't catch no air raid the last time.
on the other hand, time before last they nearly got blew up.
i never bargained for nothing like this when i signed up for this man's army before the war.
how was i supposed to know there was gonna be a fuckin' war, huh?
if they didn't know this beach was deserted, what else don't they know?
(train) who are you to live in all these many forms?
- captain,... ..you say one more word to thank me, i'll knock you right in the teeth.
you mention me in your fuckin' orders, and i'll resign so fast... ..and leave you here to run this busted-up outfit by yourself.
i request permission for patrol reconnaissance around... ..to the right of hill 210.
i believe the entire position, sir,... ..can be outflanked with a manoeuvre there in force.
now, in the meantime, goddamn it, i want you to hold on until i get there.
and, ifpossible, you get those men on the ridge out and moving!
we need to take advantage of it before they see their error.
all right, all right, i know you're all pretty exhausted,... ..and we've had a hell of a time getting water up here.
i don't know if you realise the importance of this operation, staros.
once our position is secured, we can move the bombers in.
we'll get everything for all of 'em that we can, but later.
meantime, i want you to know i'm personally recommending you for something, john.
well, i want to take advantage of that before something happens to sap their strength.
to have this battalion relieved in a defeat,... ..or even to have it reinforced from troops from the reserves,... ..if we were to stall before reaching the top, well,... ..jesus christ, that's just a hell of a lot more than i could stand!
it is no goddamn good for you to keep hanging around.
the quieter we keep this, the better it'll be for all.
"after the inspection we're to be relieved by a battalion of the division's reserve regiment."
"l've secured for the battalion a week's rest off the line."
..it's a matter of luck whether or not you get killed.
makes no difference who you are, or how tough a guy you might be,... ..if you're in the wrong spot at the wrong time, you're gonna get it.
as long as he's in shape to make reveille and carry out any assignment given.
if he can't do that, he's gonna have trouble from me.
if i never meet you in this life,... ..let me feel the lack.
a glance from your eyes, and my life will be yours.
you know, my daddy always told me it's gonna get a lot worse before it gets better.
you know, cos life ain't supposed to be that hard when you're young.
i think it's best you go back with the next batch of wounded and prisoners.
it is no goddamn good for you to keep hanging around.
"tomorrow the division commander will arrive to make an inspection of the line."
"after the inspection we're to be relieved by a battalion of the division's reserve regiment."
no matter how much training you got,... ..how careful you are,...
..it's a matter of luck whether or not you get killed.
i want you to know i think the whole thing's a bad idea, though.
if they come down here in any strength, lieutenant, they'll knock our position to hell.
you know, cos life ain't supposed to be that hard when you're young.
well, i figure after this the worst is gonna be gone.
i was afraid to touch the death i seen in her.
i heard people talk about immortality, but i ain't seen it.
this is their road to australia, and this is their way of controlling the sea lanes to america.
if we're gonna stop the japs' advance into the south pacific, we've gotta do it right there.
why did the japs put an airfield there of all places?
i guess we don't know the bigger picture, if there is such a thing.
my step daddy took a block and beat me when i was real little and i was scared and i used to run, i used to hide.
hell, i slept in the chicken coop a whole lot of nights.
aii's i know are them crew guys said they didn't catch no air raid the iast time.
on the other hand, time before last they nearly got blew up.
i never bargained for nothing like this when i signed up for this man's army before the war.
how was i supposed to know there was gonna be a fuckin' war, huh?
- captain, you say one more word to thank me, i'ii knock you right in the teeth.
you mention me in your fuckin' orders, and i'ii resign so fast and leave you here to run this busted-up outfit by yourself.
i'm not rescinding my order to you, son, but if i find extenuating circumstances when i get there, i'ii take that into account.
now, in the meantime, goddamn it, i want you to hold on until i get there.
john, i'm convinced that the japanese position can be broken now.
aii we have to do is keep going and we'ii have this hill.
to have this battalion relieved in a defeat, or even to have it reinforced from troops from the reserves, if we were to stall before reaching the top, well,
jesus christ, that's just a hell of a iot more than i could stand!
i think it's best you go back with the next batch of wounded and prisoners.
it is no goddamn good for you to keep hanging around.
"tomorrow the division commander will arrive to make an inspection of the line."
"after the inspection we're to be relieved by a battalion of the division's reserve regiment."
it's a matter of luck whether or not you get killed.
makes no difference who you are, or how tough a guy you might be, if you're in the wrong spot at the wrong time, you're gonna get it.
you know, my daddy always told me it's gonna get a iot worse before it gets better.
you know, cos life ain't supposed to be that hard when you're young.
what it'd be like to know that this breath now... was the last one you was ever gonna draw.
i just hope i can meet it the same way she did... with the same calm.
i just can't help how damn scared i am, sarge, all right?
i just can't help how damn scared i am, sarge, all right?
i never bargained for nothing like this when i signed up for this man's army... back in the bronx before the war.
how was i supposed to know there was gonna be a fuckin' war, huh?
captain, if you say one more word to thank me, i'm gonna knock you right in the teeth.
you mention me in your fuckin' orders, and i'll resign my rating so fast... and leave you here to run this busted-up outfit by yourself.
once our position is secured, we can move the bombers in.
that means air power for a thousand miles in every direction.
we need to extend our lines, hook up with the other companies and push on to the top.
would you like to take command of baker company over on the left?
john, i'm convinced that the japanese position can be broken right now.
all we have to do is keep going and we'll have this hill.
to have this battalion relieved in — in a defeat... or even to have it reinforced from troops from the reserve regiment —
if we were to stall before reaching the top, well —
i've worked, slaved, eaten, oh, untold buckets of shit to have this opportunity... and i don't intend to give it up now.
you don't know what it feels like to be passed over.
it is no goddamn good for you to keep hanging around.
the quieter we keep this, the better it'll be for all.
"after the inspection, we're to be relieved by a battalion of the division's reserve regiment.
i've secured for the battalion a week's rest off the line."
walked into the golden age... stood on the shores of a new world.
[staros] i would've come by and paid you guys a visit... but, uh...
i want to come back to you the man i was before.
how do we get to those other shores... to those blue hills?
no matter how much training you got, how careful you are... it's a matter of luck whether or not you get killed.
makes no difference who you are or how tough a guy you might be.
how'd it break up and come apart... so that now we're turned against each other... each standing in the other's light?
how did we lose the good that was given us... let it slip away... scatter it, careless?
only one thing a man can do — find something that's his... make an island for himself.
if i never meet you in this life... let me feel the lack.
you know, my daddy always told me it's gonna get a whole lot worse before it gets better.
you know, 'cause life ain't supposed to be that hard when you're young.
what it'd be like to know that this breath now was the last one you was ever gonna draw.
i just hope i can meet it the same way she did.
sometimes i think it was just my imagination. then you've seen things i never will.
we're living in a world that's blowing itself to hell as fast as everybody can arrange it.
you're notgonna take your men around into the jungle to avoid a god damn fight!
i want you to attack with every man at your disposal!
hook up with the other companies and push on to the top.
would you like to take command of baker company over on the left?
i think it's best you go back with the next batch of wounded and prisoners.
it is no god damn good for you to keep hanging around.
tomorrow the division commander will arrive to make personal inspection of the line".
after the inspection we're to be relieved by a battalion of the division's reserve regiment".
as long as he's in shape to make reveille and carry out any assignment given.
he's gonna have trouble from me. whether we like it or not.
my daddy always told me it's gonna get a lot worse before it gets better.
cos life ain't supposed to be that hard when you're young.
we're living in a world that's blowing itself to hell as fast as everybody can arrange it.
in a situation like that all a man can do is shut his eyes and let nothing touch him.
first he gets us stuck off on this boat where we don't know a fucking soul.
then he gets us stuck way down in fourth place on the list to get offthis son of a bitch.
when you get to the end ofthat field, eliminate all strongpoints on those ridges.
i'm sure the japs got something there to protect the approaches.
i'm not rescinding my order to you, son, but if i find extenuating circumstances when i get there, i'ii take that into account.
now, in the meantime, goddamn it, i want you to hold on until i get there.
john, i'm convinced that the japanese position can be broken now.
aii we have to do is keep going and we'ii have this hill.
to have this battalion relieved in a defeat, or even to have it reinforced from troops from the reserves, if we were to stall before reaching the top, well,
jesus christ, that's just a hell of a iot more than i couid stand!
i think it's best you go back with the next batch ofwounded and prisoners.
it is no goddamn good for you to keep hanging around.
"tomorrow the division commander will arrive to make an inspection ofthe line."
"after the inspection we're to be relieved by a battalion ofthe division's reserve regiment."
it's a matter of luck whether or not you get killed.
makes no difference who you are, or how tough a guy you might be, if you're in the wrong spot at the wrong time, you're gonna get it.
i want you to know i think the whole thing's a bad idea, though.
if they come down here in any strength, lieutenant, they'ii knock our position to hell.
as long as he's in shape to make reveiiie and carry out any assignment given.
if he can't do that, he's gonna have trouble from me.
you know, cos life ain't supposed to be that hard when you're young.
well, i figure after this the worst is gonna be gone.
i was afraid to touch the death i seen in her.
i couldn't find nothing beautiful or uplifting... about her going back to god.
we're living in a world that's blowing itself to hell as fast as everybody can arrange it.
in a situation like that, all a man can do is shut his eyes and let nothing touch him.
i just can't help how damn scared i am, sarge, all right?
i just can't help how damn scared i am, sarge, all right?
all's i know is them crew guys said they didn't catch no air raid the last time they made this run.
on the other hand, time before last, they nearly got blew up.
i never bargained for nothing like this when i signed up for this man's army... back in the bronx before the war.
how was i supposed to know there was gonna be a fuckin' war?
captain, if you say one more word to thank me, i'm gonna knock you right in the teeth.
you mention me in your fuckin' orders, and i'll resign my rating so fast... and leave you here to run this busted-up outfit by yourself.
do i have to give you a 10-cent lesson on infantry tactics... while your men are getting their asses shot off?
colonel, i don't think that you fully understand what is going on down here.
i formally request to be given permission for patrol reconnaissance around... to the right of hill 210 through the jungle.
i believe the entire position, sir, can be outflanked with a maneuver there in force.
now, in the meantime, goddamn it, i want you to hold on until i get there!
and if possible, you get those men on the ridge out and moving!
once our position is secured, we can move the bombers in.
that means air power for a thousand miles in every direction.
we're gonna get everything for all of 'em that we can, but later.
in the meantime, i want you to know that i'm personally recommending you for something, john.
getting it for you, now, that's gonna be the goddamn problem.
but, hell, it would just be a big thing for the battalion and the regiment too if you did get it.
john, i'm convinced that the japanese position can be broken right now.
all we have to do is keep going and we'll have this hill.
i've worked, slaved, eaten, oh, untold buckets of shit to have this opportunity... and i don't intend to give it up now.
you don't know what it feels like to be passed over.
it is no goddamn good for you to keep hanging around.
the quieter we keep this, the better it'll be for all.
"after the inspection, we're to be relieved by a battalion of the division's reserve regiment."
"i've secured for the battalion a week's rest off the line."
makes no difference who you are or how tough a guy you might be.
if you're in the wrong spot at the wrong time, you're gonna get it.
how'd it break up and come apart... so that now we're turned against each other... each standing in the other's light?
how did we lose the good that was given us... let it slip away... scatter it, careless?
if i never meet you in this life... let me feel the lack.
a glance from your eyes... and my life will be yours.
you know, my daddy always told me it's gonna get a whole lot worse before it gets better.
you know, 'cause life ain't supposed to be that hard when you're young.
what it'd be like to know that this breath now was the last one you was ever gonna draw.
i just hope i can meet it the same way she did.
we're living in a world that's blowing itself to hell as fast as everybody can arrange it.
in a situation like that all a man can do is shut his eyes and let nothing touch him.
my stepdaddy took a block and beat me when i was real little and i was scared and i used to run, i used to hide.
hell, i slept in the chicken coop a whole lot of nights.
all's i know are them crew guys said they didn't catch no air raid the last time.
on the other hand, time before last they nearly got blew up.
i never bargained for nothing like this when i signed up for this man's army before the war.
how was i supposed to know there was gonna be a fuckin' war, huh?
- captain, you say one more word to thank me, i'll knock you right in the teeth.
you mention me in your fuckin' orders, and i'll resign so fast and leave you here to run this busted-up outfit by yourself.
we need to take advantage of it before they see their error.
all right, all right, i know you're all pretty exhausted, and we've had a hell of a time getting water up here.
i don't know ifyou realise the importance of this operation, staros.
once our position is secured, we can move the bombers in.
ok, we're gonna continue on up the hill to the right.
nobody fire or throw the grenades till i give the signal.
we'll get everything for all of 'em that we can, but later.
meantime, i want you to know i'm personally recommending you for something, john.
well, i want to take advantage ofthat before something happens to sap their strength.
to have this battalion relieved in a defeat, or even to have it reinforced from troops from the reserves, if we were to stall before reaching the top, well,
it is no goddamn good for you to keep hanging around.
the quieter we keep this, the better it'll be for all.
no matter how much training you got, how careful you are,
it's a matter of luck whether or not you get killed.
i want you to know i think the whole thing's a bad idea, though.
if they come down here in any strength, lieutenant, they'll knock our position to hell.
as long as he's in shape to make reveille and carry out any assignment given.
if he can't do that, he's gonna have trouble from me.
you know, my daddy always told me it's gonna get a lot worse before it gets better.
you know, cos life ain't supposed to be that hard when you're young.
i couldn't find nothing beautiful or uplifting about her going back to god.
i heard people talk about immortality, but i ain't seen it.
this is their road to australia, and this is their way of controlling the sea lanes to america.
if we're gonna stop the japs' advance into the south pacific, we've gotta do it right there.
why did the japs put an airfield there of all places?
i guess we don't know the bigger picture, if there is such a thing.
first he gets us stuck off on this boat where we don't know a fucking soul.
then he gets us stuck way down in fourth place on the list to get off this son of a bitch.
when you get to the end of that field, eliminate all strong points on those ridges.
i'm sure the japs got something there to protect the approaches.
- captain, you say one more word to thank me, i'll knock you right in the teeth.
you mention me in your fuckin' orders, and i'll resign so fast and leave you here to run this busted-up outfit by yourself.
do i have to give you a lesson on infantry tactics while your men are getting their asses shot off?
colonel, i don't think you fully understand what is going on here.
i request permission for patrol reconnaissance around to the right of hill 210.
i believe the entire position, sir, can be outflanked with a manoeuvre there in force.
i'm not rescinding my order to you, son, but if i find extenuating circumstances when i get there, i'll take that into account.
now, in the meantime, goddamn it, i want you to hold on until i get there.
well, i want to take advantage of that before something happens to sap their strength.
to have this battalion relieved in a defeat, or even to have it reinforced from troops from the reserves, if we were to stall before reaching the top, well,
it is no goddamn good for you to keep hanging around.
the quieter we keep this, the better it'll be for all.
"it will prove a milestone in the battle for guadalcanal. "
"tomorrow the division commander will arrive to make an inspection of the line. "
"after the inspection we're to be relieved by a battalion of the division's reserve regiment. "
"i've secured for the battalion a week's rest off the line. "
no matter how much training you got, how careful you are,
it's a matter of luck whether or not you get killed.
you know, my daddy always told me it's gonna get a lot worse before it gets better.
you know, cos life ain't supposed to be that hard when you're young.
i was afraid to touch the death i seen in her.
i heard people talk about immortality, but i ain't seen it.
this is their road to australia, and this is their way of controlling the sea lanes to america.
if we're gonna stop the japs' advance into the south pacific, we've gotta do it right there.
why did the japs put an airfield there of all places?
i guess we don't know the bigger picture, if there is such a thing.
my step daddy took a block and beat me when i was real little and i was scared and i used to run, i used to hide.
hell, i slept in the chicken coop a whole lot of nights.
all's i know are them crew guys said they didn't catch no air raid the last time.
on the other hand, time before last they nearly got blew up.
i never bargained for nothing like this when i signed up for this man's army before the war.
how was i supposed to know there was gonna be a fuckin' war, huh?
- captain, you say one more word to thank me, i'll knock you right in the teeth.
you mention me in your fuckin' orders, and i'll resign so fast and leave you here to run this busted-up outfit by yourself.
now, in the meantime, goddamn it, i want you to hold on until i get there.
and, if possible, you get those men on the ridge out and moving!
we need to take advantage of it before they see their error.
all right, all right, i know you're all pretty exhausted, and we've had a hell of a time getting water up here.
i don't know if you realize the importance of this operation, staros.
once our position is secured, we can move the bombers in.
ok, we're gonna continue on up the hill to the right.
nobody fire or throw the grenades till i give the signal.
we'll get everything for all of 'em that we can, but later.
meantime, i want you to know i'm personally recommending you for something, john.
well, i want to take advantage of that before something happens to sap their strength.
to have this battalion relieved in a defeat, or even to have it reinforced from troops from the reserves, if we were to stall before reaching the top, well,
it is no goddamn good for you to keep hanging around.
the quieter we keep this, the better it'll be for all.
"after the inspection we're to be relieved by a battalion of the division's reserve regiment."
"i've secured for the battalion a week's rest off the line."
no matter how much training you got, how careful you are,
it's a matter of luck whether or not you get killed.
you know, my daddy always told me it's gonna get a lot worse before it gets better.
you know, cos life ain't supposed to be that hard when you're young.
i couldn't find nothing beautiful or up lifting about her going back to god.
i heard people talk about immortality, but i ain't seen it.
this is their road to australia, and this is their way of controlling the sea lanes to america.
if we're gonna stop the japs' advance into the south pacific, we've gotta do it right there.
why did the japs put an airfield there of all places?
i guess we don't know the bigger picture, if there is such a thing.
my stepdaddy took a block and beat me when i was real little and i was scared and i used to run, i used to hide.
hell, i slept in the chicken coop a whole lot of nights.
all's i know are them crew guys said they didn't catch no air raid the last time.
on the other hand, time before last they nearly got blew up.
i never bargained for nothing like this when i signed up for this man's army before the war.
how was i supposed to know there was gonna be a fuckin' war, huh?
- captain, you say one more word to thank me, i'll knock you right in the teeth.
you mention me in your fuckin' orders, and i'll resign so fast and leave you here to run this busted-up outfit by yourself.
now, in the meantime, goddamn it, i want you to hold on until i get there.
and, if possible, you get those men on the ridge out and moving!
we need to take advantage of it before they see their error.
all right, all right, i know you're all pretty exhausted, and we've had a hell of a time getting water up here.
i don't know if you realise the importance of this operation, staros.
once our position is secured, we can move the bombers in.
ok, we're gonna continue on up the hill to the right.
nobody fire or throw the grenades till i give the signal.
we'll get everything for all of 'em that we can, but later.
meantime, i want you to know i'm personally recommending you for something, john.
well, i want to take advantage of that before something happens to sap their strength.
to have this battalion relieved in a defeat, or even to have it reinforced from troops from the reserves, if we were to stall before reaching the top, well,
it is no goddamn good for you to keep hanging around.
the quieter we keep this, the better it'll be for all.
"after the inspection we're to be relieved by a battalion of the division's reserve regiment".
"i've secured for the battalion a week's rest off the line".
no matter how much training you got, how careful you are,
it's a matter of luck whether or not you get killed.
i want you to know i think the whole thing's a bad idea, though.
if they come down here in any strength, lieutenant, they'll knock our position to hell.
as long as he's in shape to make reveille and carry out any assignment given.
if he can't do that, he's gonna have trouble from me.
you know, my daddy always told me it's gonna get a lot worse before it gets better.
you know, cos life ain't supposed to be that hard when you're young.
i couldn't find nothing beautiful or up lifting about her going back to god.
i heard people talk about immortality, but i ain't seen it.
this is their road to australia, and this is their way of controlling the sea lanes to america.
if we're gonna stop the japs' advance into the south pacific, we've gotta do it right there.
why did the japs put an airfield there of all places?
i guess we don't know the bigger picture, if there is such a thing.
my stepdaddy took a block and beat me when i was real little and i was scared and i used to run, i used to hide.
hell, i slept in the chicken coop a whole lot of nights.
all's i know are them crew guys said they didn't catch no air raid the last time.
on the other hand, time before last they nearly got blew up.
i never bargained for nothing like this when i signed up for this man's army before the war.
how was i supposed to know there was gonna be a fuckin' war, huh?
- captain, you say one more word to thank me, i'll knock you right in the teeth.
you mention me in your fuckin' orders, and i'll resign so fast and leave you here to run this busted-up outfit by yourself.
we need to take advantage of it before they see their error.
all right, all right, i know you're all pretty exhausted, and we've had a hell of a time getting water up here.
i don't know ifyou realise the importance of this operation, staros.
once our position is secured, we can move the bombers in.
john, i'm convinced that the japanese position can be broken now.
all we have to do is keep going and we'll have this hill.
to have this battalion relieved in a defeat, or even to have it reinforced from troops from the reserves, if we were to stall before reaching the top, well,
jesus christ, that's just a hell of a lot more than i could stand!
i think it's best you go back with the next batch of wounded and prisoners.
it is no goddamn good for you to keep hanging around.
"tomorrow the division commander will arrive to make an inspection ofthe line".
"after the inspection we're to be relieved by a battalion of the division's reserve regiment".
it's a matter of luck whether or not you get killed.
makes no difference who you are, or how tough a guy you might be, if you're in the wrong spot at the wrong time, you're gonna get it.
you know, cos life ain't supposed to be that hard when you're young.
well, i figure after this the worst is gonna be gone.
we're living in a world that's blowing itself to hell as fast as everybody can arrange it.
in a situation like that all a man can do is shut his eyes and let nothing touch him.
first he gets us stuck off on this boat where we don't know a fucking soul.
then he gets us stuck way down in fourth place on the list to get offthis son of a bitch.
when you get to the end ofthat field, eliminate all strongpoints on those ridges.
i'm sure the japs got something there to protect the approaches.
i'm not rescinding my order to you, son, but if i find extenuating circumstances when i get there, i'ii take that into account.
now, in the meantime, goddamn it, i want you to hold on until i get there.
john, i'm convinced that the japanese position can be broken now.
aii we have to do is keep going and we'ii have this hill.
to have this battalion relieved in a defeat, or even to have it reinforced from troops from the reserves, if we were to stall before reaching the top, well,
jesus christ, that's just a hell of a iot more than i couid stand!
i think it's best you go back with the next batch ofwounded and prisoners.
it is no goddamn good for you to keep hanging around.
"tomorrow the division commander will arrive to make an inspection ofthe line."
"after the inspection we're to be relieved by a battalion ofthe division's reserve regiment."
it's a matter of luck whether or not you get killed.
makes no difference who you are, or how tough a guy you might be, if you're in the wrong spot at the wrong time, you're gonna get it.
i want you to know i think the whole thing's a bad idea, though.
if they come down here in any strength, lieutenant, they'ii knock our position to hell.
as long as he's in shape to make reveiiie and carry out any assignment given.
if he can't do that, he's gonna have trouble from me.
you know, cos life ain't supposed to be that hard when you're young.
well, i figure after this the worst is gonna be gone.
i couldn't fiind nothing beautiful or uplifting about her going back to god.
i heard people talk about immortality, but i ain't seen it.
we're living in a world that's blowing itself to hell as fast as everybody can arrange it.
in a situation like that all a man can do is shut his eyes and let nothing touch him.
why did the japs put an airfield there of all places?
i guess we don't know the bigger picture, if there is such a thing.
my stepdaddy took a block and beat me when i was real little... ..and l-l was scared and i used to run, i used to hide.
hell, i slept in the chicken coop a whole lot of nights.
first he gets us stuck off on this boat where we don't know a fucking soul.
then he gets us stuck way down in fourth place on the list to get off this son of a bitch.
when you get to the end of that field, eliminate all strongpoints on those ridges.
i'm sure the japs got something there to protect the approaches.
i'm not rescinding my order to you, son,... ..but if i find extenuating circumstances when i get there, i'll take that into account.
now, in the meantime, goddamn it, i want you to hold on until i get there.
once our position is secured, we can move the bombers in.
that means air power for 1 ,000 miles in every direction.
we'll get everything for all of 'em that we can, but later.
meantime, i want you to know i'm personally recommending you for something, john.
well, i want to take advantage of that before something happens to sap their strength.
to have this battalion relieved in a defeat,... ..or even to have it reinforced from troops from the reserves,... ..if we were to stall before reaching the top, well,... ..jesus christ, that's just a hell of a lot more than i could stand!
it is no goddamn good for you to keep hanging around.
the quieter we keep this, the better it'll be for all.
"after the inspection we're to be relieved by a battalion of the division's reserve regiment."
"l've secured for the battalion a week's rest off the line."
..it's a matter of luck whether or not you get killed.
makes no difference who you are, or how tough a guy you might be,... ..if you're in the wrong spot at the wrong time, you're gonna get it.
as long as he's in shape to make reveille and carry out any assignment given.
if he can't do that, he's gonna have trouble from me.
if i never meet you in this life,... ..let me feel the lack.
a glance from your eyes, and my life will be yours.
you know, my daddy always told me it's gonna get a lot worse before it gets better.
you know, cos life ain't supposed to be that hard when you're young.
i was afraid to touch the death i seen in her.
i couldn't fiind nothing beautiful or uplifting about her going back to god.
what it'd be like to know that this breath now was the last one you was ever gonna draw.
i just hope i can meet it the same way she did.
we're living in a world that's blowing itself to hell as fast as everybody can arrange it.
in a situation like that all a man can do is shut his eyes and let nothing touch him.
my stepdaddy took a block and beat me when i was real little and i was scared and i used to run, i used to hide.
hell, i slept in the chicken coop a whole lot of nights.
all's i know are them crew guys said they didn't catch no air raid the last time.
on the other hand, time before last they nearly got blew up.
i never bargained for nothing like this when i signed up for this man's army before the war.
how was i supposed to knowthere was gonna be a fuckin' war, huh?
- captain, you say one more word to thank me, i'll knock you right in the teeth.
you mention me in your fuckin' orders, and i'll resign so fast and leave you here to run this busted-up outfit by yourself.
do i have to give you a lesson on infantry tactics while your men are getting their asses shot off?
colonel, i don't think you fully understand what is going on here.
i request permission for patrol reconnaissance around to the right of hill 210.
i believe the entire position, sir, can be outflanked with a manoeuvre there in force.
i'm not rescinding my order to you, son, but if i find extenuating circumstances when i get there, i'll take that into account.
now, in the meantime, goddamn it, i wantyou to hold on until i get there.
john, i'm convinced that the japanese position can be broken now.
all we have to do is keep going and we'll have this hill.
to have this battalion relieved in a defeat, or even to have it reinforced from troops from the reserves, if we were to stall before reaching the top, well,
jesus christ, that's just a hell of a lot more than i could stand!
i think it's bestyou go back with the next batch of wounded and prisoners.
it is no goddamn good for you to keep hanging around.
"tomorrow the division commander will arrive to make an inspection of the line."
"after the inspection we're to be relieved by a battalion of the division's reserve regiment."
i wantyou to know i thinkthe whole thing's a bad idea, though.
if they come down here in any strength, lieutenant, they'll knock our position to hell.
as long as he's in shape to make reveille and carry out any assignment given.
if he can't do that, he's gonna have trouble from me.
if i never meetyou in this life, let me feel the lack.
a glance from your eyes, and my life will be yours.
you know, cos life ain't supposed to be that hard when you're young.
well, i figure after this the worst is gonna be gone.
what it'd be like to know that this breath now was the last one you was ever gonna draw.
i just hope i can meet it the same way she did.
we're living in a world that's blowing itself to hell as fast as everybody can arrange it.
in a situation like that all a man can do is shut his eyes and let nothing touch him.
my stepdaddy took a block and beat me when i was real little and i was scared and i used to run, i used to hide.
hell, i slept in the chicken coop a whole lot of nights.
all's i know are them crew guys said they didn't catch no air raid the last time.
on the other hand, time before last they nearly got blew up.
i never bargained for nothing like this when i signed up for this man's army before the war.
how was i supposed to know there was gonna be a fuckin' war, huh?
- captain, you say one more word to thank me, i'll knock you right in the teeth.
you mention me in your fuckin' orders, and i'll resign so fast and leave you here to run this busted-up outfit by yourself.
now, in the meantime, goddamn it, i want you to hold on until i get there.
and, if possible, you get those men on the ridge out and moving!
we need to take advantage of it before they see their error.
all right, all right, i know you're all pretty exhausted, and we've had a hell of a time getting water up here.
i don't know if you realise the importance of this operation, staros.
once our position is secured, we can move the bombers in.
ok, we're gonna continue on up the hill to the right.
nobody fire or throw the grenades till i give the signal.
we'll get everything for all of 'em that we can, but later.
meantime, i want you to know i'm personally recommending you for something, john.
well, i want to take advantage of that before something happens to sap their strength.
to have this battalion relieved in a defeat, or even to have it reinforced from troops from the reserves, if we were to stall before reaching the top, well,
it is no goddamn good for you to keep hanging around.
the quieter we keep this, the better it'll be for all.
"after the inspection we're to be relieved by a battalion of the division's reserve regiment".
"i've secured for the battalion a week's rest off the line".
no matter how much training you got, how careful you are,
it's a matter of luck whether or not you get killed.
i want you to know i think the whole thing's a bad idea, though.
if they come down here in any strength, lieutenant, they'll knock our position to hell.
as long as he's in shape to make reveille and carry out any assignment given.
if he can't do that, he's gonna have trouble from me.
you know, my daddy always told me it's gonna get a lot worse before it gets better.
you know, cos life ain't supposed to be that hard when you're young.
i was afraid to touch the death i seen in her.
i heard people talk about immortality, but i ain't seen it.
this is their road to australia, and this is their way of controlling the sea lanes to america.
if we're gonna stop the japs' advance into the south pacific, we've gotta do it right there.
why did the japs put an airfield there of all places?
i guess we don't know the bigger picture, if there is such a thing.
my step daddy took a block and beat me when i was real little and i was scared and i used to run, i used to hide.
hell, i slept in the chicken coop a whole lot of nights.
aii's i know are them crew guys said they didn't catch no air raid the iast time.
on the other hand, time before last they nearly got blew up.
i never bargained for nothing like this when i signed up for this man's army before the war.
how was i supposed to know there was gonna be a fuckin' war, huh?
- captain, you say one more word to thank me, i'ii knock you right in the teeth.
you mention me in your fuckin' orders, and i'ii resign so fast and leave you here to run this busted-up outfit by yourself.
i'm not rescinding my order to you, son, but if i find extenuating circumstances when i get there, i'ii take that into account.
now, in the meantime, goddamn it, i want you to hold on until i get there.
john, i'm convinced that the japanese position can be broken now.
aii we have to do is keep going and we'ii have this hill.
to have this battalion relieved in a defeat, or even to have it reinforced from troops from the reserves, if we were to stall before reaching the top, well,
jesus christ, that's just a hell of a iot more than i could stand!
i think it's best you go back with the next batch of wounded and prisoners.
it is no goddamn good for you to keep hanging around.
"tomorrow the division commander will arrive to make an inspection of the line."
"after the inspection we're to be relieved by a battalion of the division's reserve regiment."
it's a matter of luck whether or not you get killed.
makes no difference who you are, or how tough a guy you might be, if you're in the wrong spot at the wrong time, you're gonna get it.
you know, my daddy always told me it's gonna get a iot worse before it gets better.
you know, cos life ain't supposed to be that hard when you're young.
i was afraid to touch the death i seen in her
i couldn't find nothing beautiful or uplifting about her going back to god
what it'd be like to know that this breath now was the last one you was ever gonna draw
i just hope i can meet it the same way she did
we're living in a world that's blowing itself to hell as fast as everybody can arrange it.
in a situation like that all a man can do is shut his eyes and let nothing touch him.
my step daddy took a block and beat me when i was real little and l-l was scared and i used to run, i used to hide.
hell, i slept in the chicken coop a whole lot of nights.
first he gets us stuck off on this boat where we don't know a fucking soul.
then he gets us stuck way down in fourth place on the list to get off this son of a bitch.
when you get to the end of that field, eliminate all strong points on those ridges.
i'm sure the japs got something there to protect the approaches.
your first platoon, too i see 'em lying on their fat asses doing nothing
get a man to 'em right now with orders to attack, and move 'em by the flank to the ridge.
i'm not rescinding my order to you, son, but if i find extenuating circumstances when i get there, i'll take that into account.
now, in the meantime, goddamn it, i want you to hold on until i get there.
john, i'm convinced that the japanese position can be broken now.
all we have to do is keep going and we'll have this hill.
to have this battalion relieved in a defeat, or even to have it reinforced from troops from the reserves, if we were to stall before reaching the top, well,
jesus christ, that's just a hell of a lot more than i could stand!
i think it's best you go back with the next batch of wounded and prisoners.
it is no goddamn good for you to keep hanging around.
'tomorrow the division commander will arrive to make an inspection of the line.'
'after the inspection we're to be relieved by a battalion of the division's reserve regiment.'
no matter how much training you got, how careful you are,
it's a matter of luck whether or not you get killed.
i want you to know i think the whole thing's a bad idea, though.
if they come down here in any strength, lieutenant, they'll knock our position to hell.
as long as he's in shape to make reveille and carry out any assignment given.
if he can't do that, he's gonna have trouble from me.
you know, cos life ain't supposed to be that hard when you're young.
well, i figure after this the worst is gonna be gone.
the way things are, it'd be unconstitutional for him not to sue you.
i'm gonna bring in john because i could be a witness.
without going to the depths of where you've taken us how does this argument support your cause of action?
my action is premised on the notion that women are victims.
the way things are, it'd be unconstitutional for him not to sue you.
i'm gonna bring in john because i could be a witness.
without going to the depths of where you've taken us how does this argument support your cause of action?
my action is premised on the notion that women are victims.
- # make him the cutest that i've ever seen # - # bum-bum-bum-bum #
- # give him two lips like roses and clover # - # bum-bum-bum-bum #
# then tell him that his lonesome nights are over #
- # sandman, i'm so alone # - # bum-bum-bum-bum #
even the most rudimentary sense of life... and death, of good or evil... right or wrong.
i met this six-year-old child... with this blank, pale, emotionless face, and... the blackest eyes.
twenty years from now, you're still going to be living with her.
probably running some weird motel out in the middle of nowhere.
- your mail and messages are on your desk, along with the new quarter budget, and oh, surprise, surprise, the drains in the girls' shower room are clogged again.
- can i talk to you alone for one second ?
i think that victor had reached a point in his life where he had nothing left to lose.
i mean, the monster saw to that by killing off everybody that he loved.
you don't think that after all this time h-he'd-- he'd still be comin' after you, do you ?
he sat in a sanitarium for 15 years, waiting for me.
- ♪ make him the cutest that i've ever seen ♪ - ♪ bum-bum-bum-bum ♪
- ♪ give him two lips like roses and clover ♪ - ♪ bum-bum-bum-bum ♪
♪ then tell him that his lonesome nights are over ♪
- ♪ sandman, i'm so alone ♪ - ♪ bum-bum-bum-bum ♪
that we should try to get on with some attempt at a happy existence, mom.
because all the shit that's going on in your head is leaking' out on me.
and why do you think he was finally able to confront his monster?
i think that victor had reached a point in his life where he had nothing left to lose.
even the most rudimentary sense of life and death, of good or evil, right or wrong.
i met this six-year-old child with this blank, pale, emotionless face, and... the blackest eyes.
and why do you think he was finally able to confront his monster?
i think that victor had reached a point in his life where he had nothing left to lose.
- # make him the cutest that i've ever seen # - # bum-bum-bum-bum #
- # give him two lips like roses and clover # - # bum-bum-bum-bum #
# then tell him that his lonesome nights are over #
- # sandman, i'm so alone # - # bum-bum-bum-bum #
- can i talk to you alone for one second ?
- but, l-l called the plumber, and he assured me that he will be here as soon as he can--
that we should try to get on with some attempt at a happy existence, mom.
because all the shit that's going on in your head is leaking' out on me.
and why do you think he was finally able to confront his monster ?
i think that victor had reached a point in his life where he had nothing left to lose.
- # make him the cutest that i've ever seen # - # bum-bum-bum-bum #
- # give him two lips like roses and clover # - # bum-bum-bum-bum #
# then tell him that his lonesome nights are over #
- # sandman, i'm so alone # - # bum-bum-bum-bum #
- can i talk to you alone for one second ?
- but, l-l called the plumber, and he assured me that he will be here as soon as he can--
that we should try to get on with some attempt at a happy existence, mom.
because all the shit that's going on in your head is leaking' out on me.
and why do you think he was finally able to confront his monster ?
i think that victor had reached a point in his life where he had nothing left to lose.
- # make him the cutest that i've ever seen # - # bum-bum-bum-bum #
- # give him two lips like roses and clover # - # bum-bum-bum-bum #
# then tell him that his lonesome nights are over #
- # sandman, i'm so alone # - # bum-bum-bum-bum #
even the most rudimentary sense of life... and death, of good or evil... right or wrong.
i met this six-year-old child... with this blank, pale, emotionless face, and... the blackest eyes.
twenty years from now, you're still going to be living with her.
probably running some weird motel out in the middle of nowhere.
- your mail and messages are on your desk, along with the new quarter budget, and oh, surprise, surprise, the drains in the girls' shower room are clogged again.
- can i talk to you alone for one second ?
i think that victor had reached a point in his life where he had nothing left to lose.
i mean, the monster saw to that by killing off everybody that he loved.
you don't think that after all this time h-he'd-- he'd still be comin' after you, do you ?
he sat in a sanitarium for 15 years, waiting for me.
- # make him the cutest that i've ever seen # - # bum-bum-bum-bum #
- # give him two lips like roses and clover # - # bum-bum-bum-bum #
# then tell him that his lonesome nights are over #
- # sandman, i'm so alone # - # bum-bum-bum-bum #
- can i talk to you alone for one second ?
- but, l-l called the plumber, and he assured me that he will be here as soon as he can--
that we should try to get on with some attempt at a happy existence, mom.
because all the shit that's going on in your head is leaking' out on me.
and why do you think he was finally able to confront his monster ?
i think that victor had reached a point in his life where he had nothing left to lose.
- # make him the cutest that i've ever seen # - # bum-bum-bum-bum #
- # give him two lips like roses and clover # - # bum-bum-bum-bum #
# then tell him that his lonesome nights are over #
- # sandman, i'm so alone # - # bum-bum-bum-bum #
even the most rudimentary sense of life... and death, of good or evil... right or wrong.
i met this six-year-old child... with this blank, pale, emotionless face, and... the blackest eyes.
twenty years from now, you're still going to be living with her.
probably running some weird motel out in the middle of nowhere.
- your mail and messages are on your desk, along with the new quarter budget, and oh, surprise, surprise, the drains in the girls' shower room are clogged again.
- can i talk to you alone for one second ?
i think that victor had reached a point in his life where he had nothing left to lose.
i mean, the monster saw to that by killing off everybody that he loved.
you don't think that after all this time h-he'd-- he'd still be comin' after you, do you ?
he sat in a sanitarium for 15 years, waiting for me.
- ♪ make him the cutest that i've ever seen ♪ - ♪ bum-bum-bum-bum ♪
- ♪ give him two lips like roses and clover ♪ - ♪ bum-bum-bum-bum ♪
♪ then tell him that his lonesome nights are over ♪
- ♪ sandman, i'm so alone ♪ - ♪ bum-bum-bum-bum ♪
even the most rudimentary sense of life... and death, of good or evil... right or wrong.
i met this six-year-old child... with this blank, pale, emotionless face, and... the blackest eyes.
twenty years from now, you're still going to be living with her.
probably running some weird motel out in the middle of nowhere.
and why do you think he was finally able to confront his monster?
i think that victor had reached a point in his life where he had nothing left to lose.
you don't think that after all this time h-he'd... he'd still be comin' after you, do you?
he sat in a sanitarium for 15 years, waiting for me.
i was sitting at chock full o'nuts eating a tuna sandwich.
this fella comes up to me, shivering, and offers me $10 for my favourite fedora.
just want you to know that this is going right in the bank, you know, for our future kids' college.
first, i'm gonna get a new ring for her, and a hot tub, and a satellite dish, but then everything left is going right in the bank.
you can't tell, but i'm sweating like a pig right now.
i'm sorry, dad, i'm gonna have to turn the heat down.
when you get your new ring, i'm gonna give it to you the same way i gave you the old one.
and it's gonna have so much sweet and funny history, you're gonna need a backup ring to hold it all.
you know, first we're flop-sweating in our winter coats, then some moron spills your beer on you, and then i drop the ring in some mustard...
you know, sounds kind of funny when you say it out loud.
i mean, it does have the potential to be a funny story.
what if we just made it a point to laugh when we told it to people?
doug surprised me with my new engagement ring, and when he went to give it to me, it fell into some fat lady's nachos.
yeah, and then, you know, i went down to get it and:
were we thinking, "hmm, i know better than the other 146 tenants"?
well, i just thought it would give my place a little personality.
if you call someone and he doesn't reply for three days what kind of friend is he?
actually i really don't know why you're so kind to me?
the despair of winter is followed by the hope of spring.
the infernal heat of summer, abolished by a gentle autumn breeze.
and they're stuck in that hole where people aren't even allowed to dance.
look, i can't throw a chakram and i don't like staffs but i can dance!
she understands that she's going to have to obey the rules.
i'm going to hang around for a couple of days to see that she gets on the straight and narrow and after that if she steps outta line, you can punish her any way you see fit.
i thought, maybe you felt that phillipan's ideas were a little extreme.
well, they certainly are strict but i'm sure he and istafan know what's best.
you came along you pulled me up when i was down
the way you made me feel just took me by surprise
you took my hand, you stole my heart, you fed the fire
when you moved with me you gave me back my life
and it means not sticking around ever long enough to help the ones you actually claim you care about.
you know, tara, i got involved with this because i thought i sensed a change in you, somehow.
istafan wanted phillipan dead 'cause he thought he could scare you into thinking change would bring anarchy.
this man would do anything to remain in power including lying, murdering, and brutalizing your children.
and they're stuck in that hole where people aren't even allowed to dance.
look, i can't throw a chakram and i don't like staffs but i can dance!
it's gotta be important not to mention the reward you promised me.
don't tell me this is another "virtue is its own reward" job...
you know i might as well go back to oman, because i got a good thing going there with the king's sister.
i'm this close to the crown jewels and he doesn't suspect a thing.
i see signs of decadence everywhere i go in this town.
do you realize, on my way here, i saw two people holding hands?
the way you made me feel just took me by surprise
you took my hand, you stole my heart, you fed the fire
it means no home, and no family and your father loses another son.
and it means not sticking around ever long enough to help the ones you actually claim you care about.
she is well known because she sliced off her man's sexual organ.
but of course, her life cannot be told only through that episode."
okada was secretly sent away to a remote island, and ada never knew.
okada lived during ada's lifetime, but did they meet and part like this?
i had met a man who could care for me and really excite me.
i loved him and didn't want to be apart from him.
are you plotting to take over by sleeping with the master?
if i were, wouldn't it be better to go after you?
for two weeks, from april 2 4 to may 7, we moved from inn to inn.
normally people would get tired of each other, but i actually grew more and more fond of him.
she is well known because she sliced off her man's sexual organ.
but of course, her life cannot be told only through that episode. "
okada was secretly sent away to a remote island, and sada never knew.
okada lived during sada's lifetime, but did they meet and part like this?
come to think of it, it's hard to know how anyone feels - even myself.
the trial began on may 20, 1936, and ended on december 21.
and why the hell is it still hanging in the firehouse?
it's just a reminder of what we're sliding down that pole for, ma'am.
the father goes through the roof, so the kid takes off.
then the father has a change of heart, but before he can tell his son, the kid dies in an offshore oil rig accident.
the oil rig stands alone in stormy seas- much like your people...
anyway, if hunter can accept his gay son, your mother and i can accept you.
it's a fun little movie i play in my head before i wake up screaming.
i'm sure it had nothing to do with you being gay.
and why the hell is it still hanging in the firehouse?
it's just a reminder of what we're sliding down that pole for, ma'am.
the father goes through the roof, so the kid takes off.
then the father has a change of heart, but before he can tell his son, the kid dies in an offshore oil rig accident.
the oil rig stands alone in stormy seas-- much like your people...
anyway, if hunter can accept his gay son, your mother and i can accept you.
it's a fun little movie i play in my head before i wake up screaming.
i'm sure it had nothing to do with you being gay.
i know this isn't the most luxurious place in the whole world, but it's mine.
i could afford it before i came to work for blush.
i mean, i'd love to, right here, right now, but i'm no fool.
you're under zeus's protection and i do not intend to spend the rest of eternity in tartarus, being gnawed on by some idiotic monster.
then he smashed up your little boat, did a real number on your friends, and you put up a pretty good fight.
you know, uh, you two really shoulda got your stories straight.
homosexuality was an institution, free of guilt, with its own rules and codes of behavior.
in a couple, the older one was virile, active and usually bearded, while the younger one was feminine, passive and always clean-shaven.
they made no distinction between hetero and homosexuality because they were naturally bisexual without having defined the concept.
homosexuality was an institution, free of guilt, with its own rules and codes of behavior.
we need to talk, clarify some things, and bring our family back together.
so i've decided that we should all go to a 4-day group therapy session being held out in the country.
if this case is such a legend, how come i don't know anything about it?
i've been with this unit for six years now, and i've never heard anyone say anything about clara slone.
why do you have evidence from an investigation in your basement?
because i'm the last detective that gave a damn about clara slone, that's why.
the funny thing about this one is that i knew it was a dream, and i told myself that and i woke up from it.
you see, so at some level, i'm all right with what happened now.
i can dream about adena watson and see the crime scene disappear and i can see the joke in it.
we all have the dream, the case, the crime scene, the interrogation.
why not one of the veterans who was there when it happened?
he said, "why you?"because i knew you when you came on
'and the body went to the morgue too quickly, 'before anyone was able to get still photographs of the scene.
'before long, the department brass began to panic, 'and o'malley had everyone looking over his shoulder, offering him advice.
not even on his death bed, but i remember, weeks after the murder, he bought every newspaper and read every word about the case.
and, of course, he drank a great deal and he cried to himself at night.
in my day, we wouldn't be caught dead in the waterfront.
i'll take you to a place where true police held court.
♪ if you want my body and you think i'm sexy, come on, sugar, let me know
♪ if you really need me, just reach out and touch me
now, i run up to see what's happened, and just like the other three cops,
i drop a switchblade by the guy's body to cover billy's ass.
you're not here to talk me into being at that press conference.
it's not worth bragging that it took this department 66 years to solve.
did i come face to face with absolute evil and fail?
did i have him in my reach and let him go?
she stole the mystic diamond from the temple of the heavens.
unless we get its powers back before nightfall the north star will go out and the world will be in for some serious turmoil.
you mean, things that go bump in the night really will go bump in the night?
all travellers on land and sea look to the north star as a guide.
they say that the paintings of women in aphrodite's temple represent her many phases, right?
well, based on this, i'd have to say that she's pretty full of herself.
he's acting strange because something happened to him at the temple.
aphrodite must have put some kind of a spell on him.
are you worried we're gonna get there and the fish'll be gone?
i'm worried we're gonna get there and the fish'll be armed.
all you have to do is, ya stick your hand underneath the water and ya feel around 'til ya find a great, big, succulent fish.
and then you do this you wiggle your fingers so it looks like bait, and then...
you say that it's stolen, and i took your word for it.
but you bring me here where no one can appreciate my radiance...
it'll be a symbol of your beauty for all time to come.
it is too bad that the people can't see the real thing.
i'm sorry, xena, but i really don't pay that much attention to you.
i have much more important things to do with my time.
the minute i acknowledged it, i was out from under its spell.
ah, i just love the way my eyes glow in the sunlight.
i'm gonna make sure that people know that from now on.
you don't have to do that but it's nice to be reminded that you feel that way.
i'll put it up there for you right now, most beautiful of goddesses.
tie your gem on my arrow... so my shaft can bring you... satisfaction.
besides, my guy in parnassus has better equipment, and he knows the right time to shoot.
it's got something to do with some astrological stuff that gives me a headache.
she stole the mystic diamond from the temple of the heavens.
unless we get its powers back before nightfall, the north star will go out, and the world will be in for some serious turmoil.
you mean, things that go bump in the night really will go bump in the night?
all travelers on land and sea look to the north star as a guide.
are you worried we're gonna get there, and the fish will be gone?
i'm worried we're gonna get there, and the fish will be armed.
she obviously thought that the perfect diamond was something she should be wearing.
it's like a badge, announcing her as the most beautiful creature in the universe.
- he ate it, 'cause he thought it was his, you know.
-when he kicked it off his foot, the sandal-- and it landed--
sorry, xena, but i really don't pay that much attention to you.
i have much more important things to do with my time.
i just love the way my eyes glow in the sunlight.
gabrielle, there's something that's bothering you that you need to get in touch with.
from the testimony of the witnesses... who have taken a total of 4 hostages.
everyone who got away says that a girl who loves cards...
they're a lovely bunch who would easily kill their own family for a little money.
and best of all is their lack of respect for the lives of others.
from the testimony of the witnesses the criminal group totals 4, who have taken a total of 4 hostages.
everyone who got away says that a girl who loves cards is among the hostages, mr. bostalk.
they'll use her as a plaything and leave her to die in the desert!
you speak with the wisdom of past experience "grim reaper" bostalk.
they're quite skillful, and best of all is their lack of respect for the lives of others.
they are the perfect men to take control of the situation.
well, clear the underbrush first, talk to the friend who left messages on her machine.
katharine finally gets it together to leave that son of a bitch, and jack mckinney makes her sound like a slut?
they get off on humiliating, degrading and torturing another human being.
fact he didn't kill her means he's still taking baby steps.
i told the police officers i didn't want to press charges.
well, a guy tries to strangle you and you want to let it go?
you don't have one thing to link my client to that.
you make it sound like they just haven't found anything yet.
you get to clear a case you can't even bring to trial 'cause you got squat for evidence, and you want to dicker.
i'm just telling you what i need to make it work.
if we don't stop him now, what do we say to the families of the women he kills next week, next month, next year?
you want to risk their lives just for the satisfaction of ending bergstrom's?
my wife and i brought kitty back to the loft from the hospital this morning.
this was in the entry, like somebody slipped it under the door.
it fits the wounds on the mailman, right down to the nick in the center.
and we'll have the blood match by the end of the day.
don't wait till you're facing a disciplinary committee to realize it.
jack, you know that bergstrom will torture and kill another woman, and another, and another...
¶ got to rise above it, got to try to get along ¶
¶ got to walk together, got to sing this song ¶
now dr. broyard said that ruby has what it takes to go far.
honey, no one ever took that type of interest in you and me as kids.
♪ just a closer walk with thee just a closer walk with thee ♪
♪ just a closer walk with thee just a closer walk with thee ♪
♪ just a closer walk with thee just a closer walk with thee ♪
♪ just a closer walk with thee just a closer walk with thee ♪
you're gonna need it on your way back in case you run into the next shift.
so, uh, just be prepared till all the guards know everyone.
where's the other girls who were supposed to come with me?
[ miss woodmere ] i didn't know for sure it was going to be here.
we don't think that now's a good time for him to be looking.
better to lay low for a while, let things simmer down.
'cause they want you to think that you don't deserve it.
but no matter what they say, you know god loves you.
they're so angry that they don't like anybody, not even themselves.
you know, some people sometimes when they feel kicked down that--
have either of you noticed any peculiar behavior with ruby, uh,
aside from the doll and how she spoke to her siblings?
there is no good reason why she should be by herself all day,
especially since the other children are first graders and right next door.
[ dr. coles on tape recorder ] and so, i learned
that a family and a child under great stress and fear
â™ª just a closer walk with thee just a closer walk with thee â™ª â™ª just a closer walk with thee just a closer walk with thee â™ª â™ª a daily walk with along through thee â™ª
â™ª oh, yeah let it be â™ª â™ª oh, dear lord let it be â™ª â™ª just a closer walk with thee â™ª
where's the other girls who were supposed to come with me?
i didn't know for sure it was going to be here.
we have friends that gave their resignation rather than teach her.
for what we are about to receive may we truly be thankful.
i'm, uh, aware of what's going on out at the franz school.
i've, i've seen and i'd love to be of help, if i may.
we don't think that now's a good time for him to be looking.
better to lay low for a while, let things simmer down.
'cause they want you to think that you don't deserve it.
but no matter what they say, you know god loves you.
there is no good reason why she should be by herself all day,
especially since the other children are first graders and right next door.
"hi, i need a jar of mayonnaise, and a stopwatch, and a bible,
i need a case of motor oil, and a huffy 10-speed, and a blonde wig, ...a road flare and a pair of pink panties!"
we were sitting at the breakfast table and she said, uh,
"you know, sarah, i think that the enemy of fear and tension is involvement."
i was flying from new york to san francisco and the pilot came on...
well, we're sitting on the ground for, like, an hour 'cause there was bad weather in san francisco so they wouldn't let us take off...
"good evening passengers, we have an idea up here in the cockpit.
they won't let us take off to go to san francisco so we're going to say that we're going to las vegas and halfway through we'll switch!"
i'm saying, you want to get on this political train, baby!
you don't want to get off, we're on a roll, here!
so i get on the back of the kid's scooter there and we go into the mountains.
so they take off their clothes, and they start swimming and they're saying to us,
so we're starting to get undressed, and i asked my friend
"is this gay, do you think, to swim with italian teenage boys?"
his delusion that he is in fact cupid, the roman god of love, remains fixed?
well, he's not too fussy about the whole greek-roman split, so.
but, you report that mr. hale abstains from all sexual contact anyway.
trevor is convinced if he had sex with a mortal, he'll cease to be a god.
and when he finally succumbs to his sex drive, and he will, he'll have to confront that paradox.
and how do you know he even has a sex drive?
now for our seventh performer we have mike on electric guitar.
i wanna thank all my fans for coming down to support me.
so, what can you tell us about abby puff n' stuff up there?
yeah, hi, it's claire i'm expecting a very important message from dr. greeley.
that's just c and g, back and forth the whole day, back and forth.
cowboy erwin up there is repressing a memory of a milking gone bad.
aside from his delusion, he's holding a job, he's forming interpersonal relationships and...
i find it hard to believe that a delusion this entrenched hasn't caused harm to either the patient or to others.
you can't afford to accept personal liability for a delusional patient loose on the streets.
we're talking about putting a man on a drug that will fundamentally change his personality.
the point is, you may have sub-consciously elevated paul to such a level that no present day suitor stands a chance.
you want to move on but you can't because you haven't resolved the trauma you felt in the truncated break-up of that formative relationship.
he's trying to match up the limo driver with the truck stop waitress.
by chemically removing his sex drive, and rendering him psychological malleable,
on the basis of cold hard facts alone these actions may be indicated... but isn't that like using a hammer to swat flies?
whatever psychological trauma that caused this delusion in the first place will remain untreated.
so you wanted to prove to them that you were worthy of respect, their love?
yeah, if you can't get a neurotic loser to admire you, then you're really screwed.
now, all jackie wanted was to be gladys knight and all i wanted was for jackie to be happy, so i was her pip.
now, it was my idea for her to audition for the school play, and guess what, she knocked 'em dead.
even in the throws of a delusion, trevor is capable of discerning between fantasy and reality in day-to-day life.
such a marked sense of fun is virtually unheard of in other cases of delusion.
i wanted to go with mark, but he was, as usual, confined to his cabin.
if you don't watch out, you could get that lodged in your trachea and die.
be happy, not get all caught up in the what-ifs and what-abouts.
you know what all these first love stories have in common?
i've allowed my fondness for the patient to cloud my judgment.
his enduring faith in the power of love, his unsinkable zest for life, his raw optimism, in a cynical time trevor hale's philosophy is seductive and i'm not always immune.
i firmly believe that his dreams are of nymphs and satyrs.
certainly our over riding goal must be to cure this patient.
to remove the block that prevents the real trevor hale from surfacing.
but using drugs to artificially strip trevor of his cupid façade without removing the blocks leaves us with nothing.
they only do transplants on people who test clean for a year.
well, he probably got his new liver, figured he could, uh, start all over again.
can't tell you how long they've been there, or how often the guy changes his shorts.
you know, i knew guys that could go up to four days on one single pair of tighty-whities.
eyebrows thin out from all the plucking and waxing and filling in.
well, we can kind of rule him out as a showgirl.
whatever it is, he either took too much or not enough.
just 'cause the guy looks like a clown doesn't mean he is a clown.
the bwiti consume the powdered bark as part of an initiation ceremony.
after the ritual, a man is called baanzi, one who has seen the other world.
i mean, if they're going to do ibogaine, i'd rather have them do it in here than out in the street.
and despite the fact that san quentin is your alma mater and you have a record as long as my leg, you wouldn't do anything illegal, right?
the thing about recovery is it only works for those who want it, not for those who need it.
but ed came down from the mountain, and he brought the ibogaine with him.
well, we hired a clown - squirting flower, big floppy shoes and all that - what we got was a smackdown.
doodles was going through his clown bit, and, uh, then this mime comes through our kitchen, which at first we thought it was part of the act.
...but he apologized and said that, uh, there was bad blood between him and doodles.
and he gave me a hundred bucks for the damages, which
doodles stuck around to help me clean up, and then he asked me to call him a cab.
do you remember the name of the taxi company or the time of the call?
stick a mime and a clown in the same place, it's like a cobra and a mongoose.
you crashed doodles' party, he kicked your ass, and now doodles is dead.
when he wasn't bad-mouthing me, he was horning in on my gigs.
every time i line up a job, "ring-ring," doodles calls the mom, gets her to hire him, too.
doodles goes home, having performing all day for kids, wrestling with mimes.
his costume would've been a little skanky, yet he doesn't change out of it?
the night ed burnell was killed you never checked into the halfway house.
mindy, we found a knife in your basket of clothes with ed burnell's blood on it.
why would you have a knife with his blood on it?
i think ed burnell knew you were using again and he was out there that night looking for you.
dna on his boxer shorts indicates that you had sex with him.
we checked with the buddy ween agency, and, uh, you hire clowns on a fairly regular basis:
if you found something that got you off... wouldn't you keep it?
man, there is something so heartbreaking about a woman with raggedy drawers.
it doesn't make any sense if she disposed of the clothes, she's not just gonna forget about the knife.
hey, guys, got a male dna skin sample collected from mindy's hair.
you're poor you teach in the school during the day and of course you like it,
though you can barely find time to play the bloody trumpet
while you hope against hope, to reach those kids who remind you of you.
so you end up watching, not doing waiting for something to really live for.
now the closest i come to a smokey jazz club is the dj booth at this broken down hospital.
the only place in this town my kind of records are welcome.
this one is dedicated to a girl i saw in the pub.
and it goes out to all of you who met the love of your life sometime somewhere, once in a street.
like miles said no matter how bad you want to play it's the music that lets you.
it was as if we were hearing the same tune, but different tempos.
to be completely honest, there are some things about her that i, i don't understand.
what does it mean the closer you get to a person, the less you seem to know about them.
i was perfectly capable of dealing with this my own way.
yeah but you didn't and i did and you got your job back and the kid isn't coming to school with bruises no more
i think it's important to help children develop their own problem solving strategies.
after all it's going to be a very different world from this one.
we, that is my fiancee and i, we we feel we've done our time in the city and well we'd like to have babies in a good safe place.
you were streets ahead of those women you know alan, streets ahead.
we've got to try what tastes the best and calmly wait till someone comes.
someone who knows that we're sitting here, and who will say "hi, boys".
and then i'll wrap myself up in barbed wire and plug it into a socket and release the devil.
i get the feeling he really wants to see you again.
but when i try to look at them, then they go off somewhere on their own.
so i pretend not to look at them, and then they come back to me.
for him villages or towns, didn't matter now, nothing but that cow, hiding in the grass... as high as the ocean's deep.
black water, blind fish, poisonous sea beasts, in the farmer's head came the snap of the thread.
we've got to try what tastes the best and calmly wait till someone comes.
someone who knows that we're sitting here, and who will say "hi, boys. "
if it was full they'd snap out a new table for me like that!
if you're worried about your place in history let us get a street named after you, or a boulevard.
and because i know it mattered to you i appeared before the city council.
the one-way street leading away from the rear entrance now leads toward the rear entrance.
people who bet on me to lose lose, and they lose big.
you come at me, you better know i move quick and when i do, i slice like a goddamn hammer.
now, the top casinos can clear $3 million a day just on the floor.
bank, with his high-level players and no limits, is projecting 5.
but in exchange for the loans, he had to give up 6 of the 9 seats on the board.
he doesn't control his company, and a couple of the guys aren't friendlies.
but it's not metallic, so the compasses on the table won't detect it.
and it don't affect the weight when they mike the dice.
dice are controlled from the manufacturer all the way to the floor.
which is why we went all the way to the manufacturer.
the men who make the decisions are very, very hard to impress.
that's why i'm asking each and every one of you to help me sell it by being the most classy, genteel ladies.
all i hear is there's never been a system like this.
i found out where they designed it, but i can't get in the building.
i've blown all my buy money, my bribe money four of my best ids, and i am nowhere.
not only am i nowhere, i'm pretty sure i'm being followed.
it measures on a second-by-second basis whether the standard variations of gaming algorithm are holding or are being manipulated.
the data is analyzed in real time in a field of exabytes.
shock-mounted, temperature-controlled and it locks down if it even senses it is under attack.
if it locks down, they wouldn't even be able to get out of the room.
probably about six rpm, so you won't wake all the neighbors.
when it reaches the resonant frequency, the building acts like a tuning fork.
if you'll let me come in with my team for a few days, i can prove what i'm saying.
there is no way we are exposing our exclusive clientele to a bunch of...
if any of you try to screw me, you'll be dead.
i'm gonna be looking in on the operation to make sure.
according to march '05 plans, there's interior shafts with potential access to the diamond viewing room here, here and here.
but the may '05 plans only show shafts here and here.
since we can't trust the accuracy of these drawings based on my walking around, these are the shafts we have to clap an eyeball on.
now, there's no way of knowing the thickness of the floor.
he'd like you to know that he was waiting for 7 minutes.
we received your $ 10 million cash deposit, and i would like you to know that we...
and mr. weng and i have worked very hard to keep it that way.
exactly what kind of real estate did you say that mr. weng was involved in?
i heard you were out here, taking some meetings, and i was wondering if you could help me out with a technical problem i've been having with one of my assignments.
and i was hoping that we could, you know, keep it on the down low from danny and the other guys, that i'm coming to you for help.
well, in that case, you'll find him somewhere between the cashier's cage and the high-stakes pai gow room.
he was about to eat, when the mood to play suddenly hit him.
that's just the deed to 4.6 acres of prime real estate at the north end of the strip.
the moment you become embarrassed of who you are, you lose yourself.
but like i said, i was very moved by that place.
all you gotta do is look inside a child's eyes and...
he said, "back off. " how many times, i don't know.
if you were on a date and a man verbalized your escort calling her a liar, calling her a slut what would you do?
after women marry and have kids, they don't want a man's penis.
the bigger it is, the more of him she doesn't want.
i wouldn't ask him to, and i would get mad if he did fight.
but if he just walked away as dignified as that may be i would probably be a little disappointed.
you know, i'm gonna just say this and pretend i didn't.
i am married and off the market, but if i were single considering life is short...
let's be honest, you were upset with lisa ryan, weren't you?
yes, we had just broken up and days later, she's kissing him at a party.
people in the throes of early courtship might be seeing different people.
it's not proper etiquette to reference those other people while on a date.
was i was a kid who was afraid to stick up for myself.
three years ago, i was at a bar on causeway street.
i wouldn't ask him to, and i would get mad if he did fight.
but if he just walked away as dignified as that may be i would probably be a little disappointed.
i recognize that the family has committed wrongful acts, but the church has to be there for them.
i just don't want trouble with the clericuzio family after all these years.
- pop, we just thought that 'cause your gonna be on your feet all day.
you want all those people to think that don clericuzio hasn't strength to walk on his birthday?
what a wise man i am making you head of the studio.
i'd like to introduce you to dirk von shalberg... the star of our next big blockbuster, "the fumigator".
my dad was a kid, he was forced to beg for food on the streets of catania.
your father took him under his wing... he reminded us everyday of our debt to this family.
well, we have many problems ahead of us... and some big decisions to make.
everyone's going to be trying to take over pieces of the clericuzio territory.
i've had my moments, giorgio, but i know you didn't do it.
whoever did do it is going to be in this room tonight.
we've asked you all here this evening... to discuss the tragic events of the past few weeks... and the repercussions that may follow.
the clericuzio will not rest until we find out who ordered the murders of petie clericuzio and my wife.
so, the school i worked at in san francisco was very progressive.
i was wondering, after looking over bethany's records she seemed to do very well in an institution with other children.
because i'm about to do you the biggest favor anyone has ever done you.
now, i could have taken this to universal, but i thought it needed a woman's touch.
i could have gone to the mouse, but life's too short.
so, arnold's begging me for this project... but i thought it had your boyfriend's name all over it.
i claudia, take you dirk, for my lawful husband... (repeats) ...to have and to hold from this day forward... (repeats) ...for better for worse, for richer, for poorer in sickness and in health until death do us part.
they're saying, whoever killed pauly borgetto used a "lupara", a wolf gun to shoot a lamb.
i just took a few kids from the church on an outing.
i thought it'd be good for rose marie to get out of the house for a while.
do you really think i can make it on my own?
i think you could do anything you put your mind to, anything.
i've looked in the attic, i've looked in closets, i've looked everywhere.
you know, what i saw was probably his coat under his arm.
i'm going to go pick him up, take him to the airport... where we are flying as far away from this house as we can get.
i know you have many reasons to hate me, but i'm still your brother.
because you know you could just whack the bridegroom, right giorgio?
like the last time when you were afraid i'd get hurt.
well, you're just going to have to live with it for a while, dirk.
we're both going to have to live with it for a while.
giorgio and i felt we had to put this in front of you.
there's a defector in our family... who may have infiltrated your families.
an informer told us seven men in our family have joined d'angelo.
we've heard three in your family, don sambataro... and two from the grillo.
you know... we can get a lot of mileage out of this, cross.
the most famous movie star in the world framed for murder.
apparently, bobby bantz jumped from his hotel balcony... about twenty minutes ago.
we all know bobby had a hard time dealing with the loss of his command.
and i can only say that i feel a tremendous sadness for him... that he would be so desperate.
on a happier note, i would like to announce... shooting will resume on "the fumigator."
a witness has come forward... and his testimony will clear mr. von shalberg of all charges.
i would like to thank you all... for your tremendous loyalty and your staunch support.
i don't want to spend my honeymoon looking at ancient ruins...
i see enough of that when i look in the mirror.
although they have been through military training... they are still amateurs.
we, the special duties unit will never be defeated by another.
don't tell me they want to make sarin gas in hong kong!
they are not the type of people you deal with every day.
for the sake of uncle lam, can you behave like a cop for once?
let's get started, show the hong kong police a good time.
the main purpose towards the occupation of tv station... is to request the hong kong police... for the releasing of mr. yoshinaga, the leader of shojenomichi.
in one hour time, they hope to see mr. yoshinaga sitting onto the plane to russia.
did you find out the number of hostages their stronghold position?
sir, we are not sure yet, approximately 200 to 300 people.
we intend to keep our promise as long as you'll keep yours.
mr. takizawa, we have to get permission from the security council... before we can set yoshinaga free.
although they have been through military training... they are still amateurs.
we, the special duties unit will never be defeated by another.
don't tell me they want to make sarin gas in hong kong!
they are not the type of people you deal with every day.
plus tiffany lives right next door to them and seeing you date her neighbor would kill her.
okay, one date, and we'll see how it goes from there- but no sex stuff.
but i'm sure that you must have met someone already and you're completely unavailable.
oh, honey i am not about to go jump into another relationship.
you know, you could be ma if it weren't for the whiskers... although.
if anyone needs me, i'll be upstairs preparing the guest room.
♪ she was working in a bridal shop in flushing, queens ♪
♪ till her boyfriend kicked her out in one of those crushing scenes ♪
♪ what was she to do, where was she to go, she was out on her fanny ♪
♪ so over the bridge from flushing to the sheffield's door ♪
♪ she was there to sell make up but the father saw more ♪
♪ she had style, she had flair, she was there, that's how she became the nanny ♪
♪ she's the lady in red when everybody else is wearing tan ♪
♪ the flashy girl from flushing, the nanny named fran ♪
the truth is i was fine and i'm suing the hell out of those quacks.
nigel, if you'll excuse us, i have these auditions to attend to but i'll catch up with you at dinner.
so, fran, have you decided on the band you want to play at your wedding?
your aunt marilyn wants her son's hasidic heavy metal band to play.
and you had her for all the birthdays back to it.
oh, stop it, you two, this isn't about you, it's about me and my life.
i just don't want to see you go through what i'm going through.
every day i kick myself about the man that got away.
look, i only overreacted because, well, i didn't realize how close i came to losing you.
and what would if i had done if you had actually gotten on that boat with nigel?
we were just down by the waterfront, and we have a question;
you know those car salesroom down there with the luxury cars?
cable north west has completed 90% of its cabling in liverpool.
we have more broad-band fiber optic cable than anywhere in the uk...
i enjoy access to unique experiences and thrilling events... whose tickets, in most cases, cannot be purchased through normal channels.
and let me tell you about the best benefit of all.
once a year, i as a plutonium card holder in good standing... can call the plutonium hot line.
this is a special number... assigned to a small handful of qualified customers.
all we have to do is take a bus and we'll be right back there.
this never would have happened if you'd remembered the name of the hotel.
in the pages of the newspaper almost as if they didn't want us to read it.
it just says is that they've had a little outbreak of a virus... on the space station that's circling the planet.
and if we can get a machine... to do exactly the same thing...
what do you mean program a computer to feel fear and despair?
the last thing i want to be is an item on the squad room grapevine.
this place is a throbbing hot zone of gossip and innuendo.
western civilisation, on the other hand, they couldn't care less exhuming a corpse.
i got to tell you, digging up a priest feels sacrilegious to me.
i read about this buddhist funeral tradition, meditating on a corpse.
you sit there for days, watching, as the dead person bloats, turns black, decomposes.
i tend to feel the life force surge in the presence of death, don't you?
i don't know about surge, but i feel a definite twinge.
i asked public health to cross-check all recent reported deaths from influenza.
they found two other victims who died within the last ten days, exhibiting symptoms of alopecia.
the bureau is defining these deaths as an act of domestic terrorism, so they fall under our jurisdiction.
as i told you over the phone, we're always happy to cooperate with our friends from dc.
since this unit works with agent giardello, we're putting him in charge of the task force.
well, i thought this was supposed to be a joint venture.
we don't know who the poisoner is, how he's poisoning his victims or why.
we don't know if he is targeting individuals or disseminating poison randomly.
the department of public health will make an announcement, asking anyone with flu symptoms to contact their doctor for an examination.
it has already alerted medical personnel and hospitals to report any suspicious cases.
we've developed a list of medical supply outlets that sell phosphozine.
we need to check out labs, interview the doctors of the deceased, scour the victims' homes, interview their families.
all the more reason to let the public know what we know, to keep them informed about the investigation.
we may be able to isolate this to a particular warehouse.
there are times when you think you had a great date.
you call her the next day and she's like, "oh, i don't know.
i don't know if i want to be serious about somebody at this point in my life.
what makes you think she's dying to be the next mrs boom-boom falsone?
wait a minute, according to the logs, jerry was on vacation that day.
the guy who wrote up the incident report was a substitute driver.
i was wondering how long it would take you to track me down.
partner, would you get my jacket and... and cap for me, please?
because, see, if we didn't catch you, all of this would be for nothing.
i want to congratulate you, because you did make your mark.
losing your family in one blow, that will push you over the edge.
family will push you over the edge in all kinds of ways.
i was thinking about flynn, how he didn't believe i was a cop.
he made an assumption about me based on the way i look.
(singing:) "my father was an architect, a good and righteous man...
my mother is an acrobat, and i do the best i can..."
when you get out of here you'll be in reasonably good physical shape.
it might take you a while to figure out your next move, but you start with life.
life is life, and it's only beautiful if you make it beautiful.
i wish i could say i've done that, but i can't.
my ass and i are doing just fine without you, izzy.
you're not the only man who ever admired it, you know.
j ust as we go into our descent, i decide i have to go to the toilet.
i go down the aisle, but the door is locked, so i stand there, shooting the breeze with one of the stewardesses.
if i complain to the stewardess she'll think i did it.
we've just had this friendly conversation, and i don't want her to think i'm that kind of person.
as long as you don't... get up and leave now, i don't suppose it does.
you don't see me rushing to get out of here, do you?
you want me to walk through that door with you, it's gonna be another 50.
the motel charges 75... and my rates start at a 120 per half hour.
wedekind says lulu isn't a real character... she's... an embodiment of primitive sexuality.
and whatever evil she causes comes about by accident, because she's passive, because she's playing a passive role.
we're the good guys, mr. maurer, i can assure you of that.
but what i want to know, is whether you're good, too.
those little things that fly around at night... in the summer, when the weather's hot.
tiny pinpricks of light, going on and off, darting through the air, now in one place, now in another.
so there you'd be, you and franz, running around the backyard of the house by echo lake trying to catch fireflies and put them in your jars.
it was so magnificent, holding that jar in your hand with all those flickering lights inside.
your poor mother who was spending a few tranquil moments with your father drinking his one nightly beer in his white shirt with the sleeves rolled up and nine times out of ten she would settle things by forcing a reluctant franz to part with a few of his fireflies,
so you would have something to put in your jar, too.
to tell you the truth, i still have trouble believing what happened.
the whole thing's like a dream, like she was never really there.
when knights were brave and chicks were bold, and bullets weren't invented.
give me a call, maurer, i want to know how you're doing.
my ass and i are doing just fine without you, izzy.
you're not the only man who ever admired it, you know.
i was going to see catherine, as a matter of fact.
j ust as we go into our descent, i decide i have to go to the toilet.
she gives me an odd little look, she edges past me and i go into the bathroom.
the toilet seat and the cover are both down, and sitting on top of the cover... is a huge turd.
it'll cost you 50 bucks to get me off this stool...
you want me to walk through that door with you, it's gonna be another 50.
i mean, do you know how much i needed that job?
two and half years i've been working there, and in one night you ruin everything.
wedekind says lulu isn't a real character... she's... an embodiment of primitive sexuality.
and whatever evil she causes comes about by accident, because she's passive, because she's playing a passive role.
so you and your big brother, franz, who was three years older than you would go out at night to catch fireflies in the backyard.
your father punched the holes in the tops of the jars, didn't he?
bald, too, if i'm not mistaken... and even out there at the lake in the summer... when he had his one measly week of holiday a year... he walked around in his white shirt, didn't he?
no tie... he'd roll his sleeves up when the weather was particularly hot, but still that's how you see him in your mind, isn't it?
it was so magnificent, holding that jar in your hand with all those flickering lights inside.
and of course the more fireflies you caught and put in the jar... the more impressive and beautiful the lantern would be.
meanwhile, your big brother, franz, who was three years older than you, would be snaring one incandescent bug after another.
his jar would be glowing like a small temple of dreams.
finally, in your sniveling, abject little way, you'd resort to tears, raising such a fuss that your mother would have to come running outside.
your poor mother who was spending a few tranquil moments with your father drinking his one nightly beer in his white shirt with the sleeves rolled up and nine times out of ten she would settle things by forcing a reluctant franz to part with a few of his fireflies,
your brother hates you so much he didn't even bother to visit you in the hospital after you were shot.
you've burned a lot of bridges in your day, haven't you?
when you get out of here you'll be in reasonably good physical shape.
it might take you a while to figure out your next move, but you start with life.
life is life, and it's only beautiful if you make it beautiful.
i wish i could say i've done that, but i can't.
for a year or two, it was the most interesting place in the world for me.
my ass and i are doing just fine without you, izzy.
you don't get a tan like that hanging around the city.
so i guess this new boyfriend of yours is working out okay?
and the big hit of the summer was "the reluctant debutante", and i played the spotty debutante, and i was very thrilled because it was the only "young" part i had the whole season.
all the rest, i was about 80 or 70 or something like that.
what they'll be seeing next is a new version of pandora's box.
after a thousand bends in the road... we finally have a deal in place.
j ust as we go into our descent, i decide i have to go to the toilet.
i go down the aisle, but the door is locked, so i stand there, shooting the breeze with one of the stewardesses.
if i complain to the stewardess she'll think i did it.
we've just had this friendly conversation, and i don't want her to think i'm that kind of person.
as long as you don't... get up and leave now, i don't suppose it does.
you don't see me rushing to get out of here, do you?
there were little pieces of it floating around all over the place and a friend of mine was given one in germany.
it looked exactly the same, exactly like the thing that you found.
you want me to walk through that door with you, it's gonna be another 50.
the motel charges 75... and my rates start at a 120 per half hour.
i'll be in tonight, so you can call me when you get back.
everything is fine here, but i just miss you so much,
we're the good guys, mr. maurer, i can assure you of that.
but what i want to know, is whether you're good, too.
so you and your big brother, franz, who was three years older than you would go out at night to catch fireflies in the backyard.
your father punched the holes in the tops of the jars, didn't he?
bald, too, if i'm not mistaken... and even out there at the lake in the summer... when he had his one measly week of holiday a year... he walked around in his white shirt, didn't he?
no tie... he'd roll his sleeves up when the weather was particularly hot, but still that's how you see him in your mind, isn't it?
it was so magnificent, holding that jar in your hand with all those flickering lights inside.
and of course the more fireflies you caught and put in the jar... the more impressive and beautiful the lantern would be.
meanwhile, your big brother, franz, who was three years older than you, would be snaring one incandescent bug after another.
his jar would be glowing like a small temple of dreams.
finally, in your sniveling, abject little way, you'd resort to tears, raising such a fuss that your mother would have to come running outside.
your poor mother who was spending a few tranquil moments with your father drinking his one nightly beer in his white shirt with the sleeves rolled up and nine times out of ten she would settle things by forcing a reluctant franz to part with a few of his fireflies,
your brother hates you so much he didn't even bother to visit you in the hospital after you were shot.
you've burned a lot of bridges in your day, haven't you?
when you get out of here you'll be in reasonably good physical shape.
it might take you a while to figure out your next move, but you start with life.
life is life, and it's only beautiful if you make it beautiful.
i wish i could say i've done that, but i can't.
for a year or two, it was the most interesting place in the world for me.
my ass and i are doing just fine without you, izzy.
you don't get a tan like that hanging around the city.
so i guess this new boyfriend of yours is working out okay?
and the big hit of the summer was "the reluctant debutante", and i played the spotty debutante, and i was very thrilled because it was the only "young" part i had the whole season.
all the rest, i was about 80 or 70 or something like that.
what they'll be seeing next is a new version of pandora's box.
after a thousand bends in the road... we finally have a deal in place.
j ust as we go into our descent, i decide i have to go to the toilet.
i go down the aisle, but the door is locked, so i stand there, shooting the breeze with one of the stewardesses.
if i complain to the stewardess she'll think i did it.
we've just had this friendly conversation, and i don't want her to think i'm that kind of person.
it'll cost you 50 bucks to get me off this stool...
you want me to walk through that door with you, it's gonna be another 50.
i mean, do you know how much i needed that job?
two and half years i've been working there, and in one night you ruin everything.
wedekind says lulu isn't a real character... she's... an embodiment of primitive sexuality.
and whatever evil she causes comes about by accident, because she's passive, because she's playing a passive role.
those little things that fly around at night... in the summer, when the weather's hot.
tiny pinpricks of light, going on and off, darting through the air, now in one place, now in another.
so there you'd be, you and franz, running around the backyard of the house by echo lake trying to catch fireflies and put them in your jars.
it was so magnificent, holding that jar in your hand with all those flickering lights inside.
your poor mother who was spending a few tranquil moments with your father drinking his one nightly beer in his white shirt with the sleeves rolled up and nine times out of ten she would settle things by forcing a reluctant franz to part with a few of his fireflies,
so you would have something to put in your jar, too.
and billy, mark will give you a signal when you have to knock on the door.
and it's right after tom says, "do what you have to do, do it now."
to tell you the truth, i still have trouble believing what happened.
the whole thing's like a dream, like she was never really there.
i did a piece on transvestites, which is why you saw my girlfriend.
well, in answer to your question, if you're ever in the neighbourhood, i get off around midnight.
- and i would pray... that my breasts and my legs would be beautiful, so that i could be an actress.
you cut a very erotic figure reclining like that, i have to say.
you have to work at it if you want fidelity in your relationship.
have you ever given way to unbridled lust in this room and really let yourself go in a big way?
they're all genuine ceramic, and we got this rubber bulb here.
you squeeze this, wash it with some washable red vegetable dye, give it a squeeze, you can make his wounds bleed.
those eyes have to be wider, and we got to get rid of that double chin.
my dream would be to look like pearl chavez, the fiery half-breed.
the waiting room's round the corner, so get some comments from the women and the nurses, too.
excuse me, i'm sorry for disturbing you, i've got a whole crew here.
he's in new york filming an adaptation of a sequel of a remake.
oh, and getting out of the elevator, i see there's a famous critic.
atlantic city, carlton's restaurant off the sunrise highway... and the sunrise lounge.
monroe's going to sing a song that was made very popular during our high school years.
a country that gives a kid who can barely read or write a $100 million contract to play basketball?
a murder trial or who's sleeping with the president is show business?
so, the problem is, there's a waiting list to get grandpa into the nursing home.
it's the only home i trust, all the others are toilets.
but this one, he'd be taken care of, but there's a waiting list.
so maybe if you called, we would tell 'em it's for you, for grandpa.
i wanna take iris to le bijou for her birthday dinner.
it's impossible to get into, and no decent table that's not out the back.
it's fun to be able to do things for people you love.
did you ever think that you might want a family of your own?
then, as time went on, lee became a little edgy whenever i brought it up.
well, how big a family would you like if we were ever to get married?
you know, brandon, if we could just go into the bar and have a drink, we could sit down and talk for a few minutes.
there's some points i'm reworking which you'd be very excited to hear.
well, i came home, i went to take out the chapters i'd written to look at.
i couldn't find them, and i thought, "maybe i've thrown them out,"
you know, so i re-read what i'd written and i just...
you know, they contain every aspiration that i've had, every authentic feeling, every idea.
and she translated so well that he offered to dump his wife.
you make it sound so much more interesting than it was.
my luck's been lousy, i got myself into a situation for whatever reason.
i was married a long time, i thought that i would be better single.
and i think the reason that i didn't was that i was wary of you because you triggered some real feelings inside me and so yet again, i fucked up.
but i'm gonna rectify things before i get in any deeper, so please, what are you doing tomorrow?
i created you twice in fiction out of my own imagination.
i wrote about you before i even knew that you existed except that one day i knew that i would meet you.
you're gonna think i'm the worst, most fucked-up son of a bitch in the world and i am.
i'm gonna try in my own stupid way to be honest and i...
- no, but i got a beautiful triplex for the charles aranows.
it's twelve rooms on park avenue and they're having a hamptons room.
do you want to make any comments on the recent allegations?
i think when the facts are in, the justice department will conclude that i made an error in judgment but there was no real intent of treason.
i never believed what andy warhol said about everybody being famous for 15 minutes.
almost nobody will ever be famous for even one minute, so enjoy it!
you mean, "will you get lost so i can jump into bed with the director?"
anyone listening to you would think i was the whore of tribeca.
i know you're politically active... and i think it could work so well.
i've been working on it for a year... and i can't progress unless a star is involved.
one minute you're in the school lunchroom... you fucking blink... and you're 40.
blink again... and you can see movies at half price for senior citizens.
my book is about the values of a society gone astray... a culture badly in need of help.
a country that gives a 20-year-old kid who can barely read or write... a $100 million contract to play basketball?
no, i won't let anything stand in my way, i'll work... nights, weekends, whatever it takes.
well, i came home... and looked for the chapters i'd written, but i couldn't find them.
and i know i should've come by for you when i met you... and i didn't.
and i think i didn't because i was wary of you... because i knew you triggered some real feelings inside me.
i've told david many times i need someone to control me... and i don't think he can do it.
and every guy i meet... thinks he'll be the one who'll make me faithful.
a country that gives a 20-year-old kid who can barely read or write... a $100 million contract to play basketball?
and a brutal murder trial, or who is sleeping with the president...
i've been watching you run up and down all morning... and i can't take my eyes off you.
i can't get the weekend in bermuda... out of my mind.
it's fun to be able to do things for people you love.
did you never think you might want a family of your own?
and as time went on, lee became edgy if i brought it up.
would you like to have a family if we ever got married?
well, i came home... and looked for the chapters i'd written, but i couldn't find them.
and i thought, "god, maybe i've thrown them out by mistake!"
not that tony complains, but i feel... that i'm not really... that he's being kind.
and it's a testament to his feelings for me... that he desires me as much as he does and enjoys it.
but if we just accept me as sick... and try to, i know it's hard, remain rational... then we can do this with the minimum of disruption.
naturally, you can store your stuff here for a while and...
i think when the facts are in, the justice department will find...
i made an error of judgement, without real intent of treason.
my first husband gave me it for our 15th wedding anniversary.
when you say "first", do i sense a second on the way?
just because you've acted like a horse's ass doesn't mean he will.
so you tell him everything you told me... and then... you give him a big kiss.
they call it a cherry tree but it's the tree of cherries.
it looks as if it's dead but it's sleeping because ofthe cold.
but as the greedy wolf wanted the shepherd boy's cherries he opened his mouth wide showing his teeth which were as sharp as knives.
if you don't bring me a basket of cherries right now i shall eat your grandmother!
i still think about my mother's death and the years since i saw my father.
i still think about ana and of the last days before we broke up.
but time will pass and i'll get used to this to being a village doctor to living in a boarding house.
i'll get used to the objects in this room which are so unfamiliar now.
when i was just a boy, my father took me out in his boat
and he told me, "when you're a man don't ever trust the calm".
when i was just a boy, my father took me out in his boat,
and he told me, "when you're a man, don't ever trust the calm.
if you want to go and see the girls, you have to go with your battery charged.
if you want to mow good straw, if you want to roll a good cigar, if you want to go and see the girls, you have to go with your battery charged.
( gasps ) god can hear you right through the building and she's not happy.
jack, what's the point of dressing up like a fairy princess, when i'm not going to get 10 feet without seeing 100 drag queens prettier than me?
you'll see what i'm talking about when you get married and have your own-- children.
or-- or when you have your commitment ceremony and adopt your himalayan whistle kid.
i cleaned her up and she still wants to go outside.
i say we just get their candy, get them to bed and try to salvage whatever is left of our evening together, okay?
i didn't have to spend labor day with your aunt marsha in boca raton.
but not that i didn't love the yarn fair, but i could've done without half the condo complex pointing at me and whispering, "so that's the faigelah."
you don't order it, but there it is on the plate.
gracie, all i want for my birthday is for you and jack to get along.
what did you tell me you wanted more than anything when you were a little boy?
you don't have a "josie and the pussycats" iunchbox in there?
( gasps ) god can hear you right through the building and she's not happy.
jack, what's the point of dressing up like a fairy princess, when i'm not going to get 10 feet without seeing 100 drag queens prettier than me?
you'll see what i'm talking about when you get married and have your own-- children.
or-- or when you have your commitment ceremony and adopt your himalayan whistle kid.
i cleaned her up and she still wants to go outside.
i say we just get their candy, get them to bed and try to salvage whatever is left of our evening together, okay?
i didn't have to spend labor day with your aunt marsha in boca raton.
but not that i didn't love the yarn fair, but i could've done without half the condo complex pointing at me and whispering, "so that's the faigelah."
¶ one fine day with a woof and a purr ¶
¶ a baby was born and it caused a little stir ¶
¶ got to rise above it, got to try to get along ¶
¶ got to walk together, got to sing this song ¶
¶ got to rise above it, got to try to get along ¶
¶ got to walk together, got to sing this song ¶
when you saw a hole put in the moon before your very eyes, how did it feel? don't talk about it like some tourist.
you're talking to someone who spent 5 months on the outside... ...with the walking danger zone who's been labeled an act of god! it's a miracle she came back alive at all! yes, but... ...but it wasn't as bad as all that.
sure, there was some danger... ...but vash was more of a regular guy than you think.
now see here, meryl... ...you're the one who gets handed all the odd jobs because of that.
i know you're good at what you do, but if you keep risking your life... ...you'll never achieve womanly happiness! what time is it now? g-good morning, chief! meryl, could i see you a moment? sir? what? milly? milly, where are you? good morning, ma'am! when did you change vocation? i'm being punished for coming in late 20 times in a row.
you never change, do you? we have a job! vash the stampede appeared in little jersey! then he's alive!
hey, if you're dead, you don't have to say anything... ...but if you're alive, speak to me! i'll give you a lift.
oh, bless you! i'm alive! how come i run into so much trouble when you're around? you're too unmethodical! normally when you buy an old, used bike, you're supposed to repair it... ...before riding it! are you dissing my angelina ii?
! just shut up! oh, sorry! this place was really hit hard.
the local riffraff were making trouble as usual... ...but then this guy tried to step in, and voila! he's gone and poked his nose into more petty trouble.
this lovely young lady... ... has come to wipe you out! what's this about a typhoon?
are you expecting relatives? don't you know what a typhoon is? a typhoon is a beauty who levels entire cities.
the polo and fris families are still quarrelling... ...over the rights to the satellite.
for example, a girl distantly related to the fris... ...was murdered.
we did the right thing to splurge on a room in 2nd class! the last time we rode one of these, it was full of bandits.
the experience was ruined! if we run into him in new oregon, things will get busy again.
we, the fris, have seized the satellite facility! the injustice and hardships we suffered at the hands... ... of the grasping polo family have led to our crusade! we have but one demand!
bring us the head of the polo family! we have a guest he should meet.
how in the world did you mix that up, milly? it fooled me completely!
darn it! that's not what i want to hear! let's go, milly! yes, ma'am!
okay then, let's go get our perks! that sounds rather unsettling.
are you still doing things this way? uh, well, yeah... a polo bodyguard?
let him... forget it! would you knock it... you know what he did?
! he killed her! he killed my daughter! he's going to pay for the death of my daughter! we're not like god.
not again... i know she's related to the fris, but she had nothing to do with it! don't worry, it'll be over soon! once i'm done, you can hand me over to the sheriff... ...or the cavalry for all i care! d-don't do it! please!
i don't want to die! forgive me! forgive me, please! don't beg for your life!
she must have begged for hers! aileen was in such a pitiful state... ...no human being could do such a thing! you people...
you people aren't human! i don't want to die! stop it!
! don't use your self-seeking justice on me! you could never understand how i feel! let go of me! daddy! daddy!
daddy! daddy! how many times... ...did my daughter scream that word?
the shootout which began just past noon today... ... was brought to a safe close with one swift charge of the cavalry! 12 idiots were captured, and the hostages, myself included, were freed.
for something involving the humanoid typhoon, the damage wasn't that bad! but the day after tomorrow, a real typhoon is coming to town! be very, very careful! go easy on the good guy stuff, okay? luck and persistence won't work forever.
and the time had certainly come for us to finally meet.
so i poured myself a drink, and sat down to wait for her.
because our tzvika is fed up, she doesn't want any more,
it bores her, and she wants to continue and move on.
yes, that is what you are, you evil monster, manipulator in short, a star.
and know that is why i asked her to marry me.
"when adam met eve, he said to her, lets be like brothers.
"no she said, lets make love and in the evening eat apples.
"well go wild in all positions, i'll show you if you don't know.
"so tell me, is this yours word, or are you just happy to see me?
look, this playwright, ternbach, an american playwright, he wasn't thinking of me when he wrote this play, but what is an actress?
one who takes personal, private pain, and turns it into substance.
"well go wild in all positions, i'll show you if you don't know.
"so tell me, is this yours word, or are you just happy to see me?
even the dr. said there's hope since my spine was unharmed.
so i asked him, if my spine was not harmed, why am i paralyzed?
but mainly mainly, she is always thinking how she is dying for a child, so that she wont be alone.
and she can't bear a child, her husbands gone, she has nothing.
there was a water fountain near, and one day the baby's mother went to fill up a bottle with water.
our heroine immediately got up and slowly walked and looked in the stroller and saw the most beautiful baby in the world.
in this way the days pass, she is suffering terribly the love burns within her.
and she only wants to hold him, to stroke him, bring him close.
"so i tied cement to his leg and some to his neck,
"within a second, or maybe less, he sunk deep in the river.
- very much because it was the perfect solution for her.
so she took down the address and went over, without knowing what was in store for her.
that same night, our heroine got out of her bed, slowly, slowly sneaked over to her employers bed, she took a large pillow... and began to strangle her.
very hard, with all her strength in order to be rid of her.
if a young girls voice hadn't suddenly come out of her she would have kept strangling her and she would have died, no?
george. it's not nice how you treat your friends, mrs. hope.
i need to take care of israel and he's embarrassed by you.
so after he goes to sleep, i'll call you and well talk.
we looked everywhere, there's no trace of him or his clothes.
do you know anyone who could have... to remove him from here, to help him get out?
all the time i was with you, every time i tried to ask, you wont say a word about them.
maybe we should let loose a bit, what do you say?
even worse than the stupid play where everyone so admires you.
and no one knows you can act 1,000 times better than that.
life is like an incessant series of problems... with brutally limited choices and a time limit.
the worst thing is to make no decision waiting for the ideal conclusion to present itself.
not only are our powers limited but we sometimes have to play the devil.
i didn't want other kids to grow up like me so i started up an orphanage.
i accused you of lying when you were being the best friend i could hope for.
when you were being the best friend i could hope for.
you kept reminding me i could do whatever i wanted with ben.
you kept reminding me i could do whatever i wanted with ben.
i'm going to listen to what you've said from the beginning.
and instead of you prodding me to do something and me not doing it
and instead of you prodding me to do something and me not doing it and just feeling crappy, i'm just gonna do what i want to do.
and just feeling crappy, i'm just gonna do what i want to do.
i believe the most mature way to handle it for the moment,
,is to avoid noel at all costs for as long as possible,
the track was on my way home, i just dropped by,
the track was on my way home, i just dropped by,
i didn't know if he'd be there, practising for his tryouts,
i didn't know if he'd be there, practising for his tryouts,
i came to you and said the same thing and you were a cyborg.
i came to you and said the same thing and you were a cyborg.
it's amazing what five bucks will buy you in this town,
we waited until they left and used the key we found on the body,
we waited until they left and used the key we found on the body,
i had sal check out the back, he said she was there,
i'll keep my mouth shut and my underwear out of your fridge.
i'll keep my mouth shut and my underwear out of your fridge.
after tryouts tomorrow, the team is going to the white horse tavern.
after tryouts tomorrow, the team is going to the white horse tavern.
or because i didn't have a really great time with you.
or because i didn't have a really great time with you.
then it would get ugly or boring and we'd break up.
then it would get ugly or boring and we'd break up.
then, for the next four years, every time we see each other,
then, for the next four years, every time we see each other, it would be awkward and uncomfortable.
and that you're not just pursuing me because i don't return your calls.
and that you're not just pursuing me because i don't return your calls.
it was something that i've wanted to do for a long time.
it was something that i've wanted to do for a long time.
not just because i've wanted to do it for so long.
not just because i've wanted to do it for so long.
i can't believe i did it because i have a girlfriend.
i can't believe i did it because i have a girlfriend.
this poor girl is in chicago, oblivious that the man she loves
this poor girl is in chicago, oblivious that the man she loves is out on a maybe date with another woman.
one time, i watched ben try out for the track team,
he had to come in first or second to make the team,
he had to come in first or second to make the team,
that day, in high school i just stood there, quietly watching,
it's funny, your crisis with noel is how john and i got together,
we met at a garage, i was getting my car checked,
i accused you of lying when you were being the best friend i could hope for.
when you were being the best friend i could hope for.
you kept reminding me i could do whatever i wanted with ben.
you kept reminding me i could do whatever i wanted with ben.
i'm going to listen to what you've said from the beginning.
and instead of you prodding me to do something and me not doing it
and instead of you prodding me to do something and me not doing it and just feeling crappy, i'm just gonna do what i want to do.
and just feeling crappy, i'm just gonna do what i want to do.
i believe the most mature way to handle it for the moment,
,is to avoid noel at all costs for as long as possible,
the track was on my way home, i just dropped by,
the track was on my way home, i just dropped by,
i didn't know if he'd be there, practising for his tryouts,
i didn't know if he'd be there, practising for his tryouts,
i came to you and said the same thing and you were a cyborg.
i came to you and said the same thing and you were a cyborg.
it's amazing what five bucks will buy you in this town,
we waited until they left and used the key we found on the body,
we waited until they left and used the key we found on the body,
i had sal check out the back, he said she was there,
i'll keep my mouth shut and my underwear out of your fridge.
i'll keep my mouth shut and my underwear out of your fridge.
after tryouts tomorrow, the team is going to the white horse tavern.
after tryouts tomorrow, the team is going to the white horse tavern.
or because i didn't have a really great time with you.
or because i didn't have a really great time with you.
then it would get ugly or boring and we'd break up.
then it would get ugly or boring and we'd break up.
then, for the next four years, every time we see each other,
then, for the next four years, every time we see each other, it would be awkward and uncomfortable.
and that you're not just pursuing me because i don't return your calls.
and that you're not just pursuing me because i don't return your calls.
it was something that i've wanted to do for a long time.
it was something that i've wanted to do for a long time.
not just because i've wanted to do it for so long.
not just because i've wanted to do it for so long.
i can't believe i did it because i have a girlfriend.
i can't believe i did it because i have a girlfriend.
this poor girl is in chicago, oblivious that the man she loves
this poor girl is in chicago, oblivious that the man she loves is out on a maybe date with another woman.
one time, i watched ben try out for the track team,
he had to come in first or second to make the team,
he had to come in first or second to make the team,
that day, in high school i just stood there, quietly watching,
it's funny, your crisis with noel is how john and i got together,
we met at a garage, i was getting my car checked,
honey, i think our sex life is wonderful, but think of-
think ofall that energy that we could be... putting into other areas of our relationship.
a spiritual ceremony where two souls... going on different paths... rejoice and then... part.
so basically, theywere boffing the whole way to the greyhound station, huh?
a lot of us actually believe you can find enlightenment through sex.
in fact, there's a sacred body ofteaching called tantric sex... which turns love-making into a religious experience.
well, it sounds like everything you're angry about is in the past.
well, it sounds like everything you're angry about is in the past.
no, out of the lake, round the palm tree, into the lake.
i'm not coming if anyone's going to be rough or silly.
i follow them a lot when i see there's a documentary on tv...
it interests me a lot: their behaviour is far more innocent...
being an idiot with you is one of the best things i've ever done.
jeppe who is almost like a little child i might have had.
and susanne who smiles at everyone so that the very heavens shine down upon us.
i believe i love you all more than i have ever loved anybody.
i'm not coming if anyone's going to be rough or silly.
it's slippery and dangerous and you can fall and get hurt.
at least eat it the way they eat caviar in soelleroed.
if you can spass with yoghurt you can spass with caviar.
being an idiot with you is one of the best things i've ever done.
jeppe who is almost like a little child i might have had.
and susanne who smiles at everyone so that the very heavens shine down upon us.
i believe i love you all more than i have ever loved anybody.
no, out of the lake, round the palm tree, into the lake.
i'm not coming if anyone's going to be rough or silly.
you say you didn't hump katrine, but i know you did.
if you want to be so liberated and unprejudiced you have to admit you humped the bitch.
i just want to say how happy i have been here.
being an idiot with you is one of the best things i've ever done.
i'm not coming if anyone's going to be rough or silly.
it's slippery and dangerous and you can fall and get hurt.
you say you didn't hump katrine, but i know you did.
if you want to be so liberated and unprejudiced... you have to admit you humped the bitch.
being an idiot with you is one of the best things i've ever done.
jeppe... who is almost like a little child i might have had.
no, out of the lake, round the palm tree, into the lake.
i'm not coming if anyone's going to be rough or silly.
i follow them a lot when i see there's a documentary on tv...
it interests me a lot: their behaviour is far more innocent...
being an idiot with you is one of the best things i've ever done.
jeppe who is almost like a little child i might have had.
and susanne who smiles at everyone so that the very heavens shine down upon us.
i believe i love you all more than i have ever loved anybody.
i'm not coming if anyone's going to be rough or silly.
it's slippery and dangerous and you can fall and get hurt.
i follow them a lot when i see there's a documentary on tv
it interests me a lot: their behaviour is far more innocent
you say you didn't hump katrine, but i know you did.
if you want to be so liberated and unprejudiced, you have to admit you humped the bitch.
being an idiot with you is one of the best things i've ever done.
jeppe who is almost like a little child i might have had.
no, out of the lake, round the palm tree, into the lake.
i'm not coming if anyone's going to be rough or silly.
i follow them a lot when i see there's a documentary on tv...
it interests me a lot: their behaviour is far more innocent...
being an idiot with you is one of the best things i've ever done.
jeppe who is almost like a little child i might have had.
and susanne who smiles at everyone so that the very heavens shine down upon us.
i believe i love you all more than i have ever loved anybody.
it was my idea, but it was stoffer who wanted to do something about it.
that's funny; none of the others say it was your idea.
i'm not coming if anyone's going to be rough or silly.
it's slippery and dangerous and you can fall and get hurt.
you say you didn't hump katrine, but i know you did.
if you want to be so liberated and prejudiced, you have to admit you humped the bitch.
at least eat it the way they eat caviar in søllerød.
if you can spass with yoghurt you can spass with caviar.
i just want to say how happy i have been here.
being an idiot with you is one of the best things i've ever done.
the police force unexpectedly raid many apartments at new territory last night
a group of several men and women were arrested, they were suspected to be involved with many bomb scares
sometimes there're three, sometimes four of them would come down here together
at the beginning when cops were around, they were really nervous
sure, the people from the convenient store over there said they've been going into their shop very late at night recently
and more, that fat guy from the news stand said they always come down here to buy pornos
last week, on my birthday he sent me a hundred of south american roses,
and said i'm the only one he loved, he would never leave me
according to collins' testimony, the two escaped thieves from the jewelry shop robbery are brothers, one called ricky, the other called kg
the police in mainland china said, they used to be hunters at liaoning
among the five cops, three were dead, the other two are being hospitalized
the last message on the radio said, two hours ago, they said they saw the fugitives, the contact got cut off when we heard a gun shot
it's believed that it was that three men who took the suspect in the ninth street shooting
including jimmy, they've already wounded or killed a dozens of police officer
although i'm older than you, but i get a hard on every time i see you
i work out a lot, strong at my waist, but you're almost bald, and you have a skinny ass
i can manage to do it once or twice each month
i'm sorry, the person who i love isn't you, it's sam
he said three stranger have been coming in and going out in this building in the past few days
when i showed him the sketches, he recognized it was the fugitives who the o dept. has been looking for
we've the reason to believe, the suspects want to rob your money truck
for safety reason, i want you to keep this as a secret
exactly my ass, you weren't paying any attention to what i said
i said the older one at home has triplet the younger one outside has cancer!
now she has cancer, do you bear to leave her just like this?
please, i beg you, can't you really concentrate on what people say?
the doctor says, it's dangerous for a forty years old woman to have triplet
if shit happens, i don't know whether i should have her or the babies
the first two victims both live across jockey clubs, so does mandy
they always go to her restaurant, they meant to trap her
we're now at the tai nam west st., shooting going on
we don't know who they are, but they seen to be heavily armed
many police officers're heading here, some of the bodies haven't been moved away
according to the police comment, the six police officers belongs to... the organized crime department and the trial investigation team... first squad at group c
they were involved with... the jewelry shop robbery on ninth street last month
the weapons they has used... are suspected to be... those missing from the west kowloon squad killing
in this case, three policemen were dead, two others are still being hospitalized, under an unstable condition
what really happened in this street shooting, the police still have no comment...
a group of several men and women were arrested, they were suspected to be involved with many bomb scares
in this raid, we have confiscated 500 kg of tnt explosives
in addition, we've found a large amount of trip switches, timers and trip fuses
the one who is known as "the king" matthew wong was among those who were arrested
there're three of them, two girls and a guy right across the street
the customers and the employees of the jewellery shop are inside
sometimes there're three, sometimes four of them would come down here together
at the beginning when cops were around, they were really nervous
sure, the people from the convenient store over there said they've been going into their shop very late at night recently
and more, that fat guy from the news stand said they always come down here to buy pornos
last week, on my birthday he sent me a hundred of south american roses,
and said i'm the only one he loved, he would never leave me
according to collins' testimony, the two escapedc thieves from the jewellery shop robbery are brothers, one called ricky, the other callecd kg
the police in mainland china said, they used to be hunters at liaoning
among the five cops, three were dead, the other two are being hospitalized
the last message on the radio said, two hours ago, they said they saw the fugitives, the contact got cut off when we heard a gun shot
it's believed that it was that three men who took the suspect in the ninth street shooting
including jimmy, they've already wounded or killed a dozens of police officer
but i know he wouldn't love me, this is all a dream
why the hell do you talk like this behind people's back?
she hasn't been at work for a few days, she didn't even call
i called her but no body answered, i don't know what the hell is going on
if shit happens, i don't know whether i should have her or the babies
if not for the truck, what the hell are they looking at?
the first two victims both live across jockey clubs, so does mandy
they always go to her restaurant, they meant to trap her
according to the police comment, the six police officers belongs to... the organized crime department and the trial investigation team... first squad at group c
they include a high-ranked chief of the o. department, a chief of the police department, a sergeant and three officers
the weapons they has used... are suspected to be... those missing from the west kowloon squad killing
in this case, three policemen were dead, two others are still being hospitalized, under an unstable condition
the police force unexpectedly raid many apartments at new territory last night
a group of several men and women were arrested, they were suspected to be involved with many bomb scares
in this raid, we have confiscated 500 kg of tnt explosives
in addition, we've found a iarge amount of trip switches, timers and trip fuses
have you heard... anything from people live here about those shooters?
sure, the people from the convenient store over there said they've been going into their shop very late at night recently
there're a iot of weapons found upstairs and only a pistol is used on the robbery
apparently, two crimes were done by two different groups of people
yes, we told the night watcher to lock the elevator as soon as we came in
then the back up team arrived, they locked all the exits
haven't seen you for a iong time, you know how to sweet talk now
you still think i was that little kid who got pick on the time?
a jogger was robbed by... two armed mainland chinese this morning
we suspect they were the ones who robbed the jewellery shop
this police car belongs to the west kowioon squad, all the weapons have been taken away
among the five cops, three were dead, the other two are being hospitalized
the last message on the radio said, two hours ago, they said they saw the fugitives, the contact got cut off when we heard a gun shot
it's believed that it was that three men who took the suspect in the ninth street shooting
but i know he wouldn't love me, this is all a dream
why the hell do you talk like this behind people's back?
she hasn't been at work for a few days, she didn't even call
i called her but no body answered, i don't know what the hell is going on
if shit happens, i don't know whether i should have her or the babies
if not for the truck, what the hell are they looking at?
the first two victims both live across jockey clubs, so does mandy
they always go to her restaurant, they meant to trap her
according to the police comment, the six police officers belongs to... the organized crime departmetn and the trial investigation team... first squad at group c
they include a high-ranked chief of the o. department, a chief of the police department, a sergeant and three officers
the weapons they has used... are suspected to be... those missing from the west kowioon squad killing
in this case, three policemen were dead, two others are still being hospitalized, under an unstable condition
what really happened in this street shooting, the police still have no comment...
¶ one fine day with a woof and a purr ¶
you'll never again chase a garbage truck across the wild planes.
or, or, or you won't savor the sweet taste of shredded meat at taco depot.
but now i have the greatest mean bob collection in the world!
i just heard you had the greatest mean bob collection in the world.
can we keep him in the bottom of the toy box?
¶ one fine day with a woof and a purr ¶
¶ got to rise above it, got to try to get along ¶
¶ got to walk together, got to sing this song ¶
just didn't want his beautiful daughter hooked up with an ex-con, was all.
i ain't good enough for his daughter but i'm good enough to work his crop?
there's more time to do your work, and there's a lot less people.
look, there's an easy way to do this and a hard way.
yeah, now, i figure that damn jesse james routine we pulled was over at the turn of the century.
i tried to tell that idiot there's less risk in night jobs.
we got to get the best cars, keep new tires on them, plan our routes.
i can take care of the getting in and getting out and you got the nitroglycerin, right?
you know, i'm retiring next month and i've got some information here that might be valuable to boys in your line of work.
it's a few square-door safes i know about in this part of the country.
light the fuse right after you pour it, and pour it very steady.
because if you get a gap in that liquid it's gonna blow off crooked and jam up.
see, dynamite blows out in all directions but nitro shoots straight out.
anything that's not nailed down in here is going right out that door over there.
willis thinks it ain't wrong, because all them banks is insured.
to hear him tell it, you'd think we were doing them a favor.
i can't remember too much, but he was friendly, kind of funny.
you know we sent out a posse, and that airplane too.
tomorrow morning, you boys will be indicted for robbing the motion picture theater.
if you got a statement to make, i'll be down the hall.
square-door safes blown with precision, no rough stuff couple of men outside for security...
and the few watchmen they've taken say they're just a bunch of "please" and "thank you" country boys.
if i got that much money in two years, i believe i'd say "thank you" too.
half the banks are clipping the association for a hell of a lot more than was stolen.
bankers think it's a license to steal now that they're all insured.
just double the premiums on any bank that won't spring for a round safe.
if for any reason things don't turn out how you figured look me up in chicago.
there was some creep outside earlier who wanted to talk to you.
i went to the bank today to put your business things in the deposit box.
i didn't want to fold the oil lease papers, but the box was too small, so i opened it.
"they are believed to be american, one thought to be critically wounded.
police are combing hospitals and doctors' offices hoping to find the perpetrators of this shocking crime. "
today, you tell me i got a chickenshit rig, i'm getting outdrilled.
you got nothing to show for it but a dry hole?
i got something in chicago and, boys this is the big one.
i still got to check it out closer, but i got fellows on the inside.
you think you're the only man who got a raw deal?
no, but i'm the one who's not gonna take it lying down.
and sometimes, the federal reserve loads extra bags at the last minute.
i'm gonna check all this out, then do some planning on this train.
someone makes a score, they got to fork a big chunk over.
country boys like us ride in, do the job, we're gone.
that was an awful big score you guys made last night.
it's too bad half the world saw you guys coming here.
ain't a skirt in the world i'd trust with 20 g's.
i'd be worrying about every time i let her down every time she caught me hanging a story on her...
yeah, the public's gonna want to see blood on this one.
what we got to do here is put our heads together and try to figure out who the inside man was.
look, chief, you are doing a hell of a job on this case.
congratulations on pulling us in but you could squeeze us from now until judgment day and you won't get word number one out of us.
you're either the smartest or dumbest son of a bitch i ever dealt with.
we've tried it your way for three months and haven't found a nickel.
you sure as hell had yourself one hell of a gang.
but i'm sure some people in the justice department might be interested in digging up some old business.
we're guilty, and we're awful sorry we put everybody through this trouble.
see, we're simple cowboys and we don't know much about guns and, you know, train robbing.
we found a perfect spot, we covered it up and i come back a couple of days later.
it's daylight, and the whole damn place looks exactly the same.
an old boy inside got scared and wouldn't open up $200,000.
all he had to do was put it in the handbag.
if you send him for an education, there's no telling what he'll make of himself.
if he don't get his education, there's no telling what he'll do. "
just didn't want his beautiful daughter hooked up with an ex-con, was all.
a man gonna tell me that i ain't good enough for his daughter, but i'm good enough to work his crop?
guide us to thy side, lord guide us to thy side the pathway of the lord's angels can have no earthly goal but good are cold and silver win the devil wins your soul guide us to thy side, lord
guide us to thy side take wish god will pave, his hour is now known
there's more time to do your work, and there's a lot less people.
look, there's an easy way to do this and a hard way.
i'm with you on the idea of these night jobs, glass.
yeah, now, i figure that damn jesse james routine we pulled...
we got to get the best cars, gotta keep new tires on them, and plan our routes.
i can take care of the getting in and getting out...
you know, i'm retiring next month and i've got some information here that might be valuable to boys in your line of work.
it's a few square-door safes i know about in this part of the country.
willis thinks it ain't wrong because all them banks is insured.
to hear him tell it, you'd think we were doing them a favor.
i'm just giving this fella my opinion of this new prohibition.
you ain't any less of a drunk now than was when hooch was legal.
it's so cold out here, there won't even be a dog barking.
jess, go with glass, dock, you come on with me, and, joe, you soldiering the whole damn street.
and now it's up to the federal government to bail you out, right?
square-door safes blown with precision, no rough stuff, couple of men outside for security, and the few watchmen they've taken say they're just a bunch of
damn bankers think it's a license to steal now that they're all insured.
you oughta just double the premiums on any bank that won't spring for a round safe.
there was some creep outside earlier who wanted to talk to you.
it was just some old guy i knew way back when.
i went to the bank today to put your business things in the deposit box.
i didn't want to fold up the oil lease papers, but the box was too small, so i opened it.
no, i don't, and you sure as hell weren't gonna tell me, were you?
at least i'm not stealing from anyone or almost getting myself killed.
i mean, you said you were done with all that anyway.
you mean to tell me it's right out there on the street?
"they are believed to be american citizens, one of which is thought to be critically wounded.
police are combing hospitals and doctors' offices, hoping to find a trail of blood that will lead them to the perpetrators of this shocking crime."
i've been paying you top dollar for over a year now.
i show up today and you tell me i got a chickenshit rig,
they're not the ones who want the money, willis, you are.
yeah, i am, but i'm the one who's got to take care of everyone.
do you think you're the only man who got a raw deal in this world?
no, but i'm the one who's not gonna take it lying down.
i'm gonna check all this out, then do some planning on this train.
afterwards, any laundry work needs doing on the bonds or the new mint money, you take it at five percent, murray.
someone makes a score, they got to fork a big chunk of it over.
a bunch of country boys like us ride in there, do the job, and we're gone.
no, we sure as hell ain't talking no little robbery here.
and when the heat's on, we got our friend on the inside who's gonna be running the investigation.
somebody pretty high up on the inside must have tipped them.
and i'll bet you my paycheck it was someone right in your department.
look, chief, you are doing a hell of a job on this case.
i want to congratulate you on pulling us all in, but you could squeeze me and my brothers from now until judgment day and you ain't gonna get word number one out of us.
i'm getting sick and tired of you stupid, closed-mouthed country-- go easy on that stuff, chief.
you're either the smartest or dumbest son of a bitch i ever dealt with.
you sure as hell had yourself one hell of a gang.
but i'm sure some people in the justice department might be interested in digging up some old business.
they could get off with a year or so, but for that,
i need all the money back and i need you to hand me that little weasel bill fahy.
you know us newtons do a lot of things, mr. aldrich, but there are a few things we don't do.
we don't kill nobody, we don't steal from women and children, and we don't rat.
well, when it does, you're gonna be talking to an ex-millionaire.
do you understand the meaning of a guilty plea, mr. newton?
you caught us with the wet finger in the sugar sack, sir.
we're guilty, guilty, guilty, and we're awful sorry we put everybody through this trouble.
see, we're simple cowboys and we don't know much about guns and, you know, train robbing.
it just sort of come along on a lark, if you know what i mean.
we found a perfect spot, we covered it up and i come back a couple of days later.
it's daylight, and the whole damn place looks exactly the same.
i think people thought i was really joking and this was kind of a put-on.
- that we were gonna have-- - nothing put-on about this.
just didn't want his beautiful daughter hooked up with an ex-con, was all.
i ain't good enough for his daughter but i'm good enough to work his crop?
i'm with you on the idea of these night jobs, glass.
yeah, now, i figure that damn jesse james routine we pulled was over at the turn of the century.
light the fuse right after you pour it, and pour it very steady.
because if you get a gap in that liquid it's gonna blow off crooked and jam up.
see, dynamite blows out in all directions but nitro shoots straight out.
anything that's not nailed down in here is going right out that door over there.
he knows his grease and every criminal between canada and mexico.
while you two are farting around, him and avis are off scouting the marks.
to hear him tell it, you'd think we were doing them a favor.
if nobody ever robbed a bank, the insurance companies would go broke because nobody would need them.
i'm just giving this fellow my opinion of this new prohibition.
you're no less of a drunk now than when it was legal.
i can't remember too much, but he was friendly, kind of funny.
you know we sent out a posse, and that airplane too.
tomorrow morning, you boys will be indicted for robbing the motion picture theater.
if you got a statement to make, i'll be down the hall.
and now it's up to the federal government to bail you out, right?
square-door safes blown with precision, no rough stuff couple of men outside for security...
and the few watchmen they've taken say they're just a bunch of "please" and "thank you" country boys.
if i got that much money in two years, i believe i'd say "thank you" too.
half the banks are clipping the association for a hell of a lot more than was stolen.
bankers think it's a license to steal now that they're all insured.
there was some creep outside earlier who wanted to talk to you.
it was just some old guy i knew way back when.
i know you haven't made any money in oil yet and you can't be winning that kind of money gambling.
and i've seen you sign in at hotels under all these different names.
"they are believed to be american, one thought to be critically wounded.
police are combing hospitals and doctors' offices hoping to find the perpetrators of this shocking crime."
today, you tell me i got a chickenshit rig, i'm getting outdrilled.
you got nothing to show for it but a dry hole?
and sometimes, the federal reserve loads extra bags at the last minute.
i'm gonna check all this out, then do some planning on this train.
someone makes a score, they got to fork a big chunk over.
country boys like us ride in, do the job, we're gone.
that was an awful big score you guys made last night.
it's too bad half the world saw you guys coming here.
ain't a skirt in the world i'd trust with 20 g's.
i'd be worrying about every time i let her down every time she caught me hanging a story on her...
yeah, the public's gonna want to see blood on this one.
what we got to do here is put our heads together and try to figure out who the inside man was.
we got you, we got your brothers we got murray, we got slim.
we even tracked down your old pal glasscock at a health spa in battle creek.
you know us newtons do a lot of things, but there are a few things we don't do.
we don't kill nobody, we don't steal from women and children and we don't rat.
could you identify, for the jurors the person in this courtroom who actually masterminded the robbery?
it's the gentleman sitting there in the brown suit, william fahy.
you caught us with the wet finger in the sugar sack, sir.
we're guilty, and we're awful sorry we put everybody through this trouble.
see, we're simple cowboys and we don't know much about guns and, you know, train robbing.
it just sort of come along on a lark, if you know what i mean.
we found a perfect spot, we covered it up and i come back a couple of days later.
it's daylight, and the whole damn place looks exactly the same.
one thing i was sorry of, we robbed a bank up in kansas.
an old boy inside got scared and wouldn't open up $200,000.
then somebody said, "why didn't you invest that money into something?"
i said, "who wants a better job than what we already got?"
when i first thought of robbing banks, i never thought of hurting anybody.
i knew all of them bankers was rich, and they didn't care about hurting...
just didn't want his beautiful daughter hooked up with an ex-con, was all.
i ain't good enough for his daughter but i'm good enough to work his crop?
i'm with you on the idea of these night jobs, glass.
yeah, now, i figure that damn jesse james routine we pulled was over at the turn of the century.
light the fuse right after you pour it, and pour it very steady.
because if you get a gap in that liquid it's gonna blow off crooked and jam up.
see, dynamite blows out in all directions but nitro shoots straight out.
anything that's not nailed down in here is going right out that door over there.
he knows his grease and every criminal between canada and mexico.
while you two are farting around, him and avis are off scouting the marks.
to hear him tell it, you'd think we were doing them a favor.
if nobody ever robbed a bank, the insurance companies would go broke because nobody would need them.
i'm just giving this fellow my opinion of this new prohibition.
you're no less of a drunk now than when it was legal.
i can't remember too much, but he was friendly, kind of funny.
you know we sent out a posse, and that airplane too.
tomorrow morning, you boys will be indicted for robbing the motion picture theater.
if you got a statement to make, i'll be down the hall.
and now it's up to the federal government to bail you out, right?
square-door safes blown with precision, no rough stuff couple of men outside for security...
and the few watchmen they've taken say they're just a bunch of "please" and "thank you" country boys.
if i got that much money in two years, i believe i'd say "thank you" too.
half the banks are clipping the association for a hell of a lot more than was stolen.
bankers think it's a license to steal now that they're all insured.
there was some creep outside earlier who wanted to talk to you.
it was just some old guy i knew way back when.
i know you haven't made any money in oil yet and you can't be winning that kind of money gambling.
and i've seen you sign in at hotels under all these different names.
"they are believed to be american, one thought to be critically wounded.
police are combing hospitals and doctors' offices hoping to find the perpetrators of this shocking crime. "
today, you tell me i got a chickenshit rig, i'm getting outdrilled.
you got nothing to show for it but a dry hole?
and sometimes, the federal reserve loads extra bags at the last minute.
i'm gonna check all this out, then do some planning on this train.
someone makes a score, they got to fork a big chunk over.
country boys like us ride in, do the job, we're gone.
somebody pretty high up on the inside must have tipped them.
and i'll bet you my paycheck it was someone right in your department.
look, chief, you are doing a hell of a job on this case.
congratulations on pulling us in but you could squeeze us from now until judgment day and you won't get word number one out of us.
you're either the smartest or dumbest son of a bitch i ever dealt with.
we've tried it your way for three months and haven't found a nickel.
you sure as hell had yourself one hell of a gang.
but i'm sure some people in the justice department might be interested in digging up some old business.
we're guilty, and we're awful sorry we put everybody through this trouble.
see, we're simple cowboys and we don't know much about guns and, you know, train robbing.
an old boy inside got scared and wouldn't open up $200,000.
all he had to do was put it in the handbag.
then somebody said, "why didn't you invest that money into something?"
i said, "who wants a better job than what we already got?"
when i first thought of robbing banks, i never thought of hurting anybody.
i knew all of them bankers was rich, and they didn't care about hurting...
just didn't want his beautiful daughter hooked up with an ex-con, was all.
i ain't good enough for his daughter but i'm good enough to work his crop?
i'm with you on the idea of these night jobs, glass.
yeah, now, i figure that damn jesse james routine we pulled was over at the turn of the century.
light the fuse right after you pour it, and pour it very steady.
because if you get a gap in that liquid it's gonna blow off crooked and jam up.
see, dynamite blows out in all directions but nitro shoots straight out.
anything that's not nailed down in here is going right out that door over there.
he knows his grease and every criminal between canada and mexico.
while you two are farting around, him and avis are off scouting the marks.
to hear him tell it, you'd think we were doing them a favor.
if nobody ever robbed a bank, the insurance companies would go broke because nobody would need them.
i'm just giving this fellow my opinion of this new prohibition.
you're no less of a drunk now than when it was legal.
i can't remember too much, but he was friendly, kind of funny.
you know we sent out a posse, and that airplane too.
tomorrow morning, you boys will be indicted for robbing the motion picture theater.
if you got a statement to make, i'll be down the hall.
and now it's up to the federal government to bail you out, right?
square-door safes blown with precision, no rough stuff couple of men outside for security...
and the few watchmen they've taken say they're just a bunch of "please" and "thank you" country boys.
if i got that much money in two years, i believe i'd say "thank you" too.
half the banks are clipping the association for a hell of a lot more than was stolen.
bankers think it's a license to steal now that they're all insured.
there was some creep outside earlier who wanted to talk to you.
it was just some old guy i knew way back when.
i know you haven't made any money in oil yet and you can't be winning that kind of money gambling.
and i've seen you sign in at hotels under all these different names.
"they are believed to be american, one thought to be critically wounded.
police are combing hospitals and doctors' offices hoping to find the perpetrators of this shocking crime."
today, you tell me i got a chickenshit rig, i'm getting outdrilled.
you got nothing to show for it but a dry hole?
and sometimes, the federal reserve loads extra bags at the last minute.
i'm gonna check all this out, then do some planning on this train.
someone makes a score, they got to fork a big chunk over.
country boys like us ride in, do the job, we're gone.
that was an awful big score you guys made last night.
it's too bad half the world saw you guys coming here.
ain't a skirt in the world i'd trust with 20 g's.
i'd be worrying about every time i let her down every time she caught me hanging a story on her...
yeah, the public's gonna want to see blood on this one.
what we got to do here is put our heads together and try to figure out who the inside man was.
we got you, we got your brothers we got murray, we got slim.
we even tracked down your old pal glasscock at a health spa in battle creek.
you know us newtons do a lot of things, but there are a few things we don't do.
we don't kill nobody, we don't steal from women and children and we don't rat.
could you identify, for the jurors the person in this courtroom who actually masterminded the robbery?
it's the gentleman sitting there in the brown suit, william fahy.
you caught us with the wet finger in the sugar sack, sir.
we're guilty, and we're awful sorry we put everybody through this trouble.
see, we're simple cowboys and we don't know much about guns and, you know, train robbing.
it just sort of come along on a lark, if you know what i mean.
we found a perfect spot, we covered it up and i come back a couple of days later.
it's daylight, and the whole damn place looks exactly the same.
one thing i was sorry of, we robbed a bank up in kansas.
an old boy inside got scared and wouldn't open up $200,000.
then somebody said, "why didn't you invest that money into something?"
i said, "who wants a better job than what we already got?"
when i first thought of robbing banks, i never thought of hurting anybody.
i knew all of them bankers was rich, and they didn't care about hurting...
just didn't want his beautiful daughter hooked up with an ex-con, was all.
i ain't good enough for his daughter but i'm good enough to work his crop?
i'm with you on the idea of these night jobs, glass.
yeah, now, i figure that damn jesse james routine we pulled was over at the turn of the century.
light the fuse right after you pour it, and pour it very steady.
because if you get a gap in that liquid it's gonna blow off crooked and jam up.
see, dynamite blows out in all directions but nitro shoots straight out.
anything that's not nailed down in here is going right out that door over there.
he knows his grease and every criminal between canada and mexico.
while you two are farting around, him and avis are off scouting the marks.
to hear him tell it, you'd think we were doing them a favor.
if nobody ever robbed a bank, the insurance companies would go broke because nobody would need them.
i'm just giving this fellow my opinion of this new prohibition.
you're no less of a drunk now than when it was legal.
i can't remember too much, but he was friendly, kind of funny.
you know we sent out a posse, and that airplane too.
tomorrow morning, you boys will be indicted for robbing the motion picture theater.
if you got a statement to make, i'll be down the hall.
and now it's up to the federal government to bail you out, right?
square-door safes blown with precision, no rough stuff couple of men outside for security...
and the few watchmen they've taken say they're just a bunch of "please" and "thank you" country boys.
if i got that much money in two years, i believe i'd say "thank you" too.
half the banks are clipping the association for a hell of a lot more than was stolen.
bankers think it's a license to steal now that they're all insured.
there was some creep outside earlier who wanted to talk to you.
it was just some old guy i knew way back when.
i know you haven't made any money in oil yet and you can't be winning that kind of money gambling.
and i've seen you sign in at hotels under all these different names.
"they are believed to be american, one thought to be critically wounded.
police are combing hospitals and doctors' offices hoping to find the perpetrators of this shocking crime. "
today, you tell me i got a chickenshit rig, i'm getting outdrilled.
you got nothing to show for it but a dry hole?
and sometimes, the federal reserve loads extra bags at the last minute.
i'm gonna check all this out, then do some planning on this train.
someone makes a score, they got to fork a big chunk over.
country boys like us ride in, do the job, we're gone.
somebody pretty high up on the inside must have tipped them.
and i'll bet you my paycheck it was someone right in your department.
look, chief, you are doing a hell of a job on this case.
congratulations on pulling us in but you could squeeze us from now until judgment day and you won't get word number one out of us.
you're either the smartest or dumbest son of a bitch i ever dealt with.
we've tried it your way for three months and haven't found a nickel.
you sure as hell had yourself one hell of a gang.
but i'm sure some people in the justice department might be interested in digging up some old business.
we're guilty, and we're awful sorry we put everybody through this trouble.
see, we're simple cowboys and we don't know much about guns and, you know, train robbing.
an old boy inside got scared and wouldn't open up $200,000.
all he had to do was put it in the handbag.
then somebody said, "why didn't you invest that money into something?"
i said, "who wants a better job than what we already got?"
when i first thought of robbing banks, i never thought of hurting anybody.
i knew all of them bankers was rich, and they didn't care about hurting...
you know the letters over by the band that spell larry?
i was wondering if i could, um, if i could take those?
they don't say anything, but i think she sorta had it in for me,
and i could see she had that nasty thing coming up,
household names tend to be quite busy, and a lot of the other ones were unmoved by our pony plight.
oh, i thought we could have a couple of people round to dinner the day after tomorrow.
well, i won't be happy till we know one another well enough to open a little tea shop.
i was actually thinking of inviting a blind date over for him.
remember when you could hear what the other one was thinking?
it was all kind of, "oh, my god, what have i just said?
he certainly got my vote as best drippy bastard at a dinner party of the year.
still, himself and jill made up for it as blind dates.
he's brilliant at his job and he has to work with the woman he loved, or loves, who ran off with a cynic.
actually, maybe under those circumstances, you might find it hard to make an effort.
and life would be simple and easy, but that doesn't mean it has to be dull.
if we thought both of us being primary school teachers in some way limited us as a couple... – it's not that.
and all the proceeds go to preserve spotswood lake which is a stopover for the alaskan gray mallard.
first prize is a hundred dollar gift certificate to everything hemp.
so this gir 've been seeing, she picks me up for our date.
next, she's weaving in and out of traffic shouting something about her sister.
'm gonna teach you to eat right, to drink right to get in touch with your feelings, to meditate.
and before you know it, you're gonna be someone who's sensitive and caring.
hey, honey before you go, will you take pete to the bathroom?
now repeat after me. " am a beautifu person and am worthy of being oved."
now, with your eyes closed just breathe in all of the cleansing energy of the universe.
and as you let it out, release all of the harmful energy stored inside your body.
in fact, this girl was just giving me a lap dance.
and all of a sudden, i kind of felt myself respecting her.
hey, baby, whose chin i gotta tickle to get an ashtray around here, huh?
actually, some of our guests are bothered by smoke, if you don't mind.
ladies and gentlemen, at this time, it is my great honor to introduce to you our very special guest.
a man whose commitment to the environment is the reason we're a here.
as you know, our tent is pitched right up next to spotswood lake the migratory stop for our beloved gray mallards.
and as best as we can determine, the birds have mistaken the blue tent for spotswood lake itself.
after the return of illegal hunters africa to plunder the tombs of holy began.
objectives of the hidden city of oparin key to find treasure.
us for repair it yourself major you will be saving the inconvenience.
any discomfort in your crazy movements is not the reason not to participate.
you must remember, paul our society is a tangled web of competing forces.
our civilisation rests upon a political tripod a most unstable of structures.
you see, nephews, a popular man arouses jealousy and duke leto is a very popular man.
the other great houses will be glad to get rid of him even though they would never admit it.
alone and vulnerable, at the edge of the universe valiant duke leto will finally come face to face with fear.
when i'm through, he won't know who to trust not even that bene gesserit witch he sleeps with.
they'll all be turning on one another like rats in the flood.
by the time the traitor is fully revealed the fate of atreides will already be sealed.
negotiate patience so i can demonstrate our good intentions with deeds.
if i'm lucky, they will judge all of us by you.
now, does anyone here still think that the harkonnen have just packed up and left?
gurney, i want you to make contact with the smugglers operating in the deep desert.
the greatest wealth in the universe and the never-ending struggle to defend it.
the ancients used to say danger and opportunity were often the same thing.
he's been able to maintain the spice quota despite our sabotage.
even that mongrel ecologist kynes is sending the emperor favourable reports.
my father sends you his enduring respect and affection, my lord duke.
the emperor wishes everyone to know of the confidence he has in house atreides.
if it weren't for the spice, no one would bother about it at all.
fortunately enough, for a water seller like you, i would guess.
now i know why they say your skill with a knife is exceeded only by your mastery of the baliset, gurney halleck.
is it atreides custom to abandon an honoured guest without even the courtesy of a lame excuse?
being an ornament of my father's diplomacy is hardly my idea of a good time.
but you turned out to be more complicated than your reputation.
i want leto to appreciate the beauty of what i've done to him.
i want him to know that i, baron vladimir harkonnen am the instrument of his family's demise the extinction of house atreides and the ascendance of house harkonnen.
i suppose that bene gesserit whore and her spawn have found that out, haven't they?
be sure he recalls his flimsy denials when he's face to face with death's sweet smile.
may you guard it for the tribe, preserve it against loss be generous with it in time of need.
may you pass it on in your time for the good of the tribe.
my father once told me that here on arrakis one needed desert power to rule.
you are desert power and nothing can stop you if you believe.
do you think it's possible to love someone enough you'd be willing to give that person up?
i think there are times when it's necessary to share the one you love with things greater than both of you.
i must congratulate you on the perfection of your heir, baron.
he faces his 100th slave gladiator in the arena this afternoon.
when night falls again, we have to leave this sietch that has sheltered us for so long.
we must go south into the deep desert where the demon harkonnen will not pursue us.
you're good material, feyd, and i hate to waste good material.
now, give me one good reason why i shouldn't kill you right here.
if i kill you, then he would be my only heir.
he can't even put down a dirty mob of religious lunatics.
there isn't a man among you who could stand against me in single combat stilgar included.
must i prove it by calling out the naib of every sietch on the planet?
have the men find a pre-spice mass, as large as possible.
have them plant the waters above the mass and wait for my orders.
perhaps my respected kinsman thinks he has things his own way now.
there is a massed armada of the great houses in the space over arrakis, young atreides.
our civilisation rests upon a political tripod a most unstable of structures.
a deceptive balance of power exists between the emperor the congress of royal houses, and the supposedly impartial spacing guild with its invulnerable monopoly on interstellar transport.
i give you more bene gesserit training than a boy ever get
she want's to see what caint of student have you been
they can eat the flesh off your bones as you stand.
the only thing that doesn't fear an arrakis storm is the giant worm.
a glorious winter is about to descend on house atreides and all its heirs.
the centuries of humiliation, visited upon my family will finally be avenged.
perverting common wisdom, nephew, is a mark of all great conspiracies.
you see, nephews, a popular man arouses jealousy and duke leto is a very popular man.
the emperor will be pleased and house harkonnen will be more powerful than ever.
alone and vulnerable, at the edge of the universe valiant duke leto will finally come face to face with fear.
when i'm through, he won't know who to trust not even that bene gesserit witch he sleeps with.
they'll all be turning on one another like rats in the flood.
a chapel for the memories of what they left behind when they came here.
a thousand people could survive a year on the water it takes to keep this place a month.
the harkonnen spice operation took 10 billion solaris out of here every year.
now, does anyone here still think that the harkonnen have just packed up and left?
gurney, i want you to make contact with the smugglers operating in the deep desert.
tell them that we'll ignore what they're doing from now on as long as they make it worth our while.
i would just love to see the baron's face when he hears of this.
all the harkonnen parasites who got rich taking smuggler bribes will be flushed into the open.
but knowing there's a trap is the first step in evading it.
i should've taken the house atreides renegade fled to the darkest corners of the universe.
you belong to your time, i was bred to my destiny.
even if i were able to go back and choose i would change nothing.
water is reclaimed in catchpockets, which you can draw from this tube.
properly adjusted, water loss is kept under 15 millilitres a day.
water customs here are so fascinating don't you think, your highness?
when i arrived, my bathing towels were hurried away almost before i was dry.
he took me into his household, groomed me as his war master.
the man or woman that raises a hand against him will have it cut off by me, as a prelude to their death.
i, the baron harkonnen have decided that the great seal of our venerable house that confused and ugly chimera, the griffin no longer adequately represents the ambition of our appetites.
therefore and henceforth, in conclusion and furthermore, ergo and et cetera our ample and royal self from this day forth, and throughout the universe we shall no longer be known as house harkonnen.
i hope what you've heard will be the beginning of a friendship between us.
my people have suffered long under the rule of such as you.
i don't know, i left him to the desert, he and that gorgeous woman of yours.
my men left them to explore the beauty of the sands of arrakis.
they have been the sand in our eyes, the stink at our meals these arrogant atreides, always standing in our way.
i want leto to appreciate the beauty of what i've done to him.
itis known that worms are drawn to the vibration and noise of mining activity.
however, there is no direct evidence linking desert worms to spice production.
so, as soon as the city is pacified, piter remove all of the sardaukar troops to our frigate.
no trace of the emperor's involvement must ever be found here.
there will come a time, daughter when you will have to shed this naiveté of yours and learn what it means to rule an empire.
and when that time comes, father you may learn to regret it.
as leader of this tribe i'm offering the weirding woman and her son sanctuary.
no fremen will lay a hand on you while you have my protection.
because you fight without stillsuit you may regain the water you lost fighting.
may you guard it for the tribe, preserve it against loss be generous with it in time of need.
this is the water we will use to change the face of arrakis.
as my father taught us the voice from the out-world will come.
you can even give them your brother's head as a gift, if you like.
and then you will squeeze, like the grips of a vice so our treasuries become fat with the profit of spice.
these troubles on arrakis are proving difficult to manage and our time is running short.
i want you to make arrangements for a trip to giedi prime.
that's why i'm asking you for hundreds of your best young men.
i want to give them the weirding way so they can come back to you and train hundreds more.
here is the water of life, the water that will free your soul.
if you are our reverend mother, the universe will open to you.
history will say that the fremen were about to find their messiah.
that paul atreides would find his revenge and the world, as we knew it, would change forever.
i want to know what happened the night duke leto and his family were killed.
i want to know how it was planned who was involved and i want to know who the harkonnen allies were.
your daughter, on the other hand has proved quite adept at intelligence gathering.
gently chaperoned, i should think she'd prove quite useful once again.
you're good material, feyd, and i hate to waste good material.
now, give me one good reason why i shouldn't kill you right here.
if i kill you, then he would be my only heir.
he can't even put down a dirty mob of religious lunatics.
there isn't a man among you who could stand against me in single combat stilgar included.
must i prove it by calling out the naib of every sietch on the planet?
have the men find a pre-spice mass, as large as possible.
have them plant the waters above the mass and wait for my orders.
perhaps my respected kinsman thinks he has things his own way now.
there is a massed armada of the great houses in the space over arrakis, young atreides.
and knowledge is the weapon we need to save ourselves, not a virus!
the taelons will only respect us if they see our strengths, just like every other enemy we've ever had to face before, and that is what this mission is about.
the problems they're having at the washington headquarters may be affecting the shuttle's system.
it may be dangerous to expose other companion systems to this contamination.
in washington, the companion headquarters remains completely disabled, sealed off from the outside world.
a similar system-wide shutdowns have been reported at taelon facilities in europe, india and across south america.
the crisis appears to be world wide in extent, but it is believed to have started at the taelon's american headquarters.
there's still no word on the whereabouts of the downed shuttle carrying the american companion, da'an, and his pilot, united states marine captain, lili marquette.
two workers in sydney, australia, are on life support, following injuries that were sustained during shutdown of that nation's companion headquarters.
and in tel aviv a taelon research hospital had to be evacuated when their systems also failed.
authorities now fear that all human facilities that interface with companion systems are at risk of infection and shutdown.
united nations chief sonia alondes has convened an emergency meeting of the security council to deal with the crisis.
in the absence of our american companion da'an, we are working closely with the taelon representative to the united nations zo'or to restore the companion system to safety and working order.
i join with other world leaders in issuing an appeal for calm.
what's my best shot at getting down to the central processor in one piece?
the most direct route is through the arteriole conduits, and they weren't designed for humans, boone.
kuala lumpur and taiwan have suffered blackouts leaving millions of people without power.
in london, new york and tokyo the stock exchanges have suspended trading for 48 hours in hope of limiting the economic damage of the taelon crisis.
my program masks the virus so the processor doesn't know where it's hidden.
now, if we bombard the virus with one of the energy surges, it should disable it.
the energy surges originate in the security system and the virus is located in the communications system.
so, you're saying if i connect the security system to the communication system, the processor should recognize the virus and bombard it?
i truly do not believe that it is in the best interest of humanity, or the taelons to reveal to you that which you cannot comprehend.
you know we'll never accept that as an answer, and neither will the rest of the world.
wide scale panic has swept across the world in the wake of the taelon shutdown which now spread to vast array of human systems.
in moscow alone police estimate a crowd of over a half a million citizens converge en masse on its companion headquarters in fear and confusion.
"dear princess, i know you're confused now and i don't blame you."
i want you to know none of this is your fault.
why don't you just cut to the part where, you know, he started fooling around?
well, at cocktail parties, the women that bill worked with would never...
you know, your love life has always been a disaster area.
they ought to have those big orange cones all around you.
i would hug her and i would tell her nice things.
and i wouldn't just let the daddy do all the hugging.
one day, we were playing out back, down by the river... and we came across the most beautiful anthill you ever saw.
and then walter, he immediately kicked it and stomped on it... and just scattered it to the four winds.
she doesn't require any fancy words from the likes of me.
all i need to say is i will miss her, as will we all.
but i haven't changed so much that i would go and lie to somebody that i loved.
god, i would walk through fire before i let them feel like they were nothing.
don't you know that you are everything in this world to me?
and we are gonna make it through this... because we are a team.
you never even told me you were having trouble with bill.
maybe it's because i didn't want to hear, "i told you so."
i'm going to write her name right down here... on the bottom of her picture.
so when she comes back here, maybe you could recognize her... and give her a little sign or something.
you know, your love life has always been a disaster area.
they ought to have those big orange cones all around you.
i would hug her and i would tell her nice things.
and i wouldn't just let the daddy do all the hugging.
well, what you have to go through with your mama... the suffering, that's what i had to suffer with walter.
one day, we were playing out back, down by the river... and we came across the most beautiful anthill you ever saw.
i ran up and i grabbed her... and dragged her down there, just crying and carrying on.
anyway, my mama was trying to calm me down, so she said:
you're sad, you're weak, and you're... shorter, if you want to know the truth.
but i haven't changed so much that i would go and lie to somebody that i loved.
don't you know that you are everything in this world to me?
and we are gonna make it through this... because we are a team.
you never even told me you were having trouble with bill.
maybe it's because i didn't want to hear, "l told you so."
birdee-- dot i don't know how i treated you in high school.
i'm guessing it was pretty bad seeing how you're hell-bent on putting me in my place right now.
i'm going to write her name right down here on the bottom of her picture.
so when she comes back here, maybe you could recognize her and give her a little sign or something.
it's gotta be hard carrying around all that hair, you know?
well, if she sends a bill i'm gonna have to dock you, birdee, for at least half.
that's why i came back here, so i could live the way i wanted.
i don't know. i figured, out of everybody, you'd understand that.
you think behind every chance is another chance and then another one and another one?
it's the worst kind of extravagance, the way you spend your chances, birdee.
i would hug her and i would tell her nice things.
and i wouldn't just let the daddy do all the hugging.
one day, we were playing out back, down by the river and we came across the most beautiful anthill you ever saw.
and then walter, he immediately kicked it and stomped on it and just scattered it to the four winds.
you're sad, you're weak, and you're shorter, if you want to know the truth.
but i haven't changed so much that i would go and lie to somebody that i loved.
don't you know that you are everything in this world to me?
and we are gonna make it through this because we are a team.
she said, "beginnings are scary, endings are usually sad but it's the middle that counts the most."
you need to remember that when you find yourself at the beginning.
well, at cocktail parties, the women that bill worked with would never look at me.
their eyes were always surveying the room, looking for somebody better to talk to.
there's a wall, and it's killing me, 'cause the one thing i said when i grow up, if i ever had a daughter of my own, she would know her mother loved her, and i would hug her,
and i would tell her nice things, and i wouldn't just let the daddy do all the hugging.
one day, we were playing down by the river, and we came across the most beautiful anthill you ever saw.
and bein' walter, he immediately kicked it... and stomped on it, just scattering it to the four winds.
that's why they invented families... so "hopeless" didn't get the last word.
so if ants can do it, i figure we can do it.
she doesn't need to be idealized in death... beyond what she was in life.
a complicated woman and a generous one, proud, and yet humble enough to help many of her neighbors quietly.
the mother of two fine daughters, and the wife of one good man.
she doesn't require any fancy words from the likes of me.
but i haven't changed so much that i'd lie to someone i loved.
i'd walk through fire before i'd let them feel they were nothin'.
don't you know you are everything in this world to me?
and we'll make it through this because... we are a team.
she said: 'beginnings are scary, endings are usually sad, but it's the middle that counts the most'.
you need to remember that when you find yourself at the beginning.
with the town joke as a mother, i had to be.
when you'd flounce into school with your road-kill hat... and your freshly skinned bag, i learned how to be pleasing.
i bet the customers will stand in line to see you again!
we have a full range of arts and crafts... to keep our loved ones happy.
i'm going to write her name right down here on the bottom of her picture.
when she comes back here, maybe you could recognize her... and give her a little sign or something.
how bill could humiliate you like that... in front of the entire world is just beyond me.
we have a satellite dish, so we got to see it twice.
it must be hard carrying around all that hair, you know?
well, if she sends a bill, i'll have to dock you, birdee, for at least half.
what you have to go through with your mama, the suffering, that's what i had to suffer with walter.
one day, we were playing down by the river, and we came across the most beautiful anthill you ever saw.
i grabbed her and dragged her down there, just crying and carrying on.
anyway, my mama was trying to calm me down, so she said,
so if ants can do it, i figure we can do it.
you know, my birdee has a lot more strength than she knows.
a complicated woman and a generous one, proud, and yet humble enough to help many of her neighbors quietly.
the mother of two fine daughters, and the wife of one good man.
well, at cocktail parties, the women that bill worked with would never look at me.
their eyes were always surveying the room, looking for somebody better to talk to.
there's a wall, and it's killing me, 'cause the one thing i said when i grow up, if i ever had a daughter of my own, she would know her mother loved her, and i would hug her,
and i would tell her nice things, and i wouldn't just let the daddy do all the hugging.
one day, we were playing down by the river, and we came across the most beautiful anthill you ever saw.
and bein' walter, he immediately kicked it... and stomped on it, just scattering it to the four winds.
that's why they invented families... so "hopeless" didn't get the last word.
so if ants can do it, i figure we can do it.
she doesn't need to be idealized in death... beyond what she was in life.
a complicated woman and a generous one, proud, and yet humble enough to help many of her neighbors quietly.
the mother of two fine daughters, and the wife of one good man.
she doesn't require any fancy words from the likes of me.
but i haven't changed so much that i'd lie to someone i loved.
i'd walk through fire before i'd let them feel they were nothin'.
don't you know you are everything in this world to me?
and we'll make it through this because... we are a team.
she said: 'beginnings are scary, endings are usually sad, but it's the middle that counts the most'.
you need to remember that when you find yourself at the beginning.
with the town joke as a mother, i had to be.
when you'd flounce into school with your road-kill hat... and your freshly skinned bag, i learned how to be pleasing.
i bet the customers will stand in line to see you again!
we have a full range of arts and crafts... to keep our loved ones happy.
i'm going to write her name right down here on the bottom of her picture.
when she comes back here, maybe you could recognize her... and give her a little sign or something.
how bill could humiliate you like that... in front of the entire world is just beyond me.
we have a satellite dish, so we got to see it twice.
it must be hard carrying around all that hair, you know?
well, if she sends a bill, i'll have to dock you, birdee, for at least half.
# i can make it rain whenever i want it to
# oh, i can build a castle from a single grain of sand
what you have to go through with your mama, the suffering, that's what i had to suffer with walter.
one day, we were playing down by the river, and we came across the most beautiful anthill you ever saw.
i grabbed her and dragged her down there, just crying and carrying on.
anyway, my mama was trying to calm me down, so she said,
so if ants can do it, i figure we can do it.
you know, my birdee has a lot more strength than she knows.
a complicated woman and a generous one, proud, and yet humble enough to help many of her neighbors quietly.
the mother of two fine daughters, and the wife of one good man.
with the town joke as a mother, i had to be.
when you'd flounce into school with your road-kill hat... and your freshly skinned bag, i learned how to be pleasing.
i bet the customers will stand in line to see you again!
we have a full range of arts and crafts... to keep our loved ones happy.
i'm going to write her name right down here on the bottom of her picture.
when she comes back here, maybe you could recognize her... and give her a little sign or something.
how bill could humiliate you like that... in front of the entire world is just beyond me.
we have a satellite dish, so we got to see it twice.
it must be hard carrying around all that hair, you know?
well, if she sends a bill, i'll have to dock you, birdee, for at least half.
what you have to go through with your mama, the suffering, that's what i had to suffer with walter.
one day, we were playing down by the river, and we came across the most beautiful anthill you ever saw.
i grabbed her and dragged her down there, just crying and carrying on.
anyway, my mama was trying to calm me down, so she said,
so if ants can do it, i figure we can do it.
you know, my birdee has a lot more strength than she knows.
a complicated woman and a generous one, proud, and yet humble enough to help many of her neighbors quietly.
the mother of two fine daughters, and the wife of one good man.
if i shut down astrometrics, i won't be able to scan for new fuel sources.
i appreciate your efforts, but we'll have to use conventional scanners until...
with tuvok's shield modifications and a few tweaks to an environmental suit, i could take a shuttle to the surface and mine the deuterium from there.
need i remind you, ensign, that there is no environment less hospitable to humanoid life than a class-y.
you wouldn't be able to communicate with us if you got in trouble.
and until we can get transporters back, we couldn't beam you out.
what if one of them should snore while i'm listening to puccini?
well, if you feel that strongly about it, doc, i suppose we'll have to consider other options.
as you know, captain, the landing procedure requires a significant output of energy.
with shield strength as low as it is, we can't even be certain the ship will survive the descent.
i was finally getting past puberty when suddenly, i lost consciousness.
i don't know how long l was out, but... the next thing i knew, i was awake and...
and i was breathing normally and i looked over at harry.
he was breathing normally, too-- with his helmet off-- and-and we just looked at each other, and we just started laughing.
let's find him and get you two back to the ship.
whatever you say, boss, but i'm telling you, we could breathe this air forever.
i haven't had the time to analyze the substance, but i hope to have some answers soon.
i'd like to run a few tests of my own, if you don't mind.
a little changed by my experience on the planet maybe, but now i don't know who or what i am.
all i know is that i have to get off this ship and go back down to the surface.
i never go to sleep without reading at least one of his parables.
a habit you will have to break, until we're able to restore power to crew quarters.
i've ordered adaptations to our shields to repel the thermionic discharges.
hoping that the benefits will outweigh the risks, we're now trying to beam deuterium from beneath the planet's surface.
and until we can get transporters back, we couldn't beam you out.
even with modifications, it wouldn't be long before your suit began to corrode.
don't worry, we can cut some holes in the environmental suits, get some ventilation going.
harry, while you're busy improving yourself, you might try working on your sense of humor.
for example, we could shut down your program until you're needed.
the captain asked me to look for ways to conserve power, and it would spare you from having to listen to them snore.
our suits were corroding, our lungs were burning-- we were suffocating!
you know what they say about your life passing before your eyes?
i don't know how long l was out, but... the next thing i knew, i was awake and...
and i was breathing normally and i looked over at harry.
he was breathing normally, too-- with his helmet off-- and-and we just looked at each other, and we just started laughing.
i know it sounds crazy, but... it was an exhilarating experience.
i'm glad you're feeling all right, but none of us should be taking any risks until we know exactly what's going on.
don't tell me that a big, tough guy like you is afraid of a little poisoned atmosphere.
i've shut down life support everywhere but decks 1 and 5.
it should provide us with an extra hour of breathable air.
this fluid somehow entered your bloodstream and began altering your physiology at the cellular level.
i haven't had the time to analyze the substance, but i hope to have some answers soon.
right now, they're better off out there than they are in here.
but one of you will have to remain, so i can monitor your condition.
to me, those geological formations are a dozen shades of red and gold.
that dust-- it's glowing and the haze... it seems to intensify the colors.
aside from his ability to breathe the rarefied air on this planet, he's the exact duplicate of mr. paris.
he even seems to share his memories, not to mention his winning personality.
you want to duplicate the rest of this crew and populate this planet.
you're trying so hard to reach home, but... this can be home.
if i shut down astrometrics, i won't be able to scan for new fuel sources.
i appreciate your efforts, but we'll have to use conventional scanners until...
with tuvok's shield modifications and a few tweaks to an environmental suit, i could take a shuttle to the surface and mine the deuterium from there.
need i remind you, ensign, that there is no environment less hospitable to humanoid life than a class-y.
you wouldn't be able to communicate with us if you got in trouble.
and until we can get transporters back, we couldn't beam you out.
what if one of them should snore while i'm listening to puccini?
well, if you feel that strongly about it, doc, i suppose we'll have to consider other options.
as you know, captain, the landing procedure requires a significant output of energy.
with shield strength as low as it is, we can't even be certain the ship will survive the descent.
i was finally getting past puberty when suddenly, i lost consciousness.
i don't know how long l was out, but... the next thing i knew, i was awake and...
and i was breathing normally and i looked over at harry.
he was breathing normally, too-- with his helmet off-- and-and we just looked at each other, and we just started laughing.
let's find him and get you two back to the ship.
whatever you say, boss, but i'm telling you, we could breathe this air forever.
i haven't had the time to analyze the substance, but i hope to have some answers soon.
i'd like to run a few tests of my own, if you don't mind.
a little changed by my experience on the planet maybe, but now i don't know who or what i am.
all i know is that i have to get off this ship and go back down to the surface.
i never go to sleep without reading at least one of his parables.
a habit you will have to break, until we're able to restore power to crew quarters.
i've ordered adaptations to our shields to repel the thermionic discharges.
hoping that the benefits will outweigh the risks, we're now trying to beam deuterium from beneath the planet's surface.
and until we can get transporters back, we couldn't beam you out.
even with modifications, it wouldn't be long before your suit began to corrode.
don't worry, we can cut some holes in the environmental suits, get some ventilation going.
harry, while you're busy improving yourself, you might try working on your sense of humor.
for example, we could shut down your program until you're needed.
the captain asked me to look for ways to conserve power, and it would spare you from having to listen to them snore.
our suits were corroding, our lungs were burning-- we were suffocating!
you know what they say about your life passing before your eyes?
i don't know how long l was out, but... the next thing i knew, i was awake and...
and i was breathing normally and i looked over at harry.
he was breathing normally, too-- with his helmet off-- and-and we just looked at each other, and we just started laughing.
i know it sounds crazy, but... it was an exhilarating experience.
i'm glad you're feeling all right, but none of us should be taking any risks until we know exactly what's going on.
don't tell me that a big, tough guy like you is afraid of a little poisoned atmosphere.
i've shut down life support everywhere but decks 1 and 5.
it should provide us with an extra hour of breathable air.
this fluid somehow entered your bloodstream and began altering your physiology at the cellular level.
i haven't had the time to analyze the substance, but i hope to have some answers soon.
right now, they're better off out there than they are in here.
but one of you will have to remain, so i can monitor your condition.
to me, those geological formations are a dozen shades of red and gold.
that dust-- it's glowing and the haze... it seems to intensify the colors.
aside from his ability to breathe the rarefied air on this planet, he's the exact duplicate of mr. paris.
he even seems to share his memories, not to mention his winning personality.
you want to duplicate the rest of this crew and populate this planet.
you're trying so hard to reach home, but... this can be home.
m dad quit the mob, but he couldn't quit the drugs.
with a regular job, he had more money to buy them.
he hid it from us, but he was high all the time.
he got caught twice, but he had the money for bail.
my dad quit the mob, but he couldn't quit the drugs.
with a regular job, he had more money to buy them.
he hid it from us, but he was high all the time.
he got caught twice, but he had the money for bail.
with a regular job, he had more money to buy them.
he hid it from us, but he was high all the time.
he got caught twice, but he had the money for bail.
me and my mom and my brother always used to say...
i want you to kill the man toshiko took off with!
the charge is the same whether there's a man involved or not.
he hired those two and did it with them all night.
maybe like mr tanuki says the long-haired hotel girl is the one.
high above him, there 's a swallow winging swiftly through the sky.
how the winds are laughing, they laugh with all their might laugh and laugh the whole day through...
listen, samehada even i heard you had a woman with you.
that was a pretty dramatic escape, but i'm on the line here, too.
with a regular job, he had more money to buy them.
he hid it fr om us, but he was high all the time.
he got caught twice, but he had the money for bail.
me and my mom and my brother always used to say...
i want you to kill the man toshiko took off with!
the charge is the same whether there's a man involved or not.
he hired those t wo and did it with them all night.
ma ybe like mr tanuki says the long–haired hotel girl is the one.
high above him, there 's a swallow winging swiftly through the sky.
how the winds are laughing, they laugh with all their might laugh and laugh the whole day through...
i'd like to tr y and rip them off once, myself.
since the guys at the top found out the old man with the wig is in big trouble.
listen, samehada even i heard you had a woman with you.
that was a pretty dramatic escape, but i'm on the line here, too.
you know, i'm excited that you've found something you can cling to.
i just think that i've tapped into something that's more meaningful.
"we love you, we want you to come to our wedding and celebrate our day but we don't trust your crappy taste.
therefore, please peruse this 25-page computer print-out from the pottery barn!
my wife has been bugging me, and bugging me, and bugging me to get a second cat.
she is terrified that the first cat is going to become jealous of the baby and somehow kill it.
that is gonna be so cute where they have to wear a cape...
usually a bath towel around their shoulders and they wear it everywhere and they're wearing a cape, they're batman!
i'm trying to find out who the hell i am, okay?
if you need to talk to me i will be in the batcave a.k.a. my room!"
i didn't didn't notice that there was anything wrong with the living room space.
what happened was, the table that we have was too high and it was cutting off energy.
and you know, what you brought to it was a sense of craft.
so there was a "faux kind of craftlessness" that masked the craft.
let me ask you, harry, the first time you saw koppleman 'n katz when was it exactly and what were you feeling?
you know, i-i'm a little embarrassed that you know about the existence of the band.
i have this fantasy that you stop existing when i leave the room.
well traditionally, i shouldn't really exist in your mind, outside of this room.
see i think that my problem is that i'm... that respect we were talking about?
that's why i got into show business and i don't think you can get respect for being in show business.
i'm more at peace with myself than you'll ever be at peace with yourself!
i am so much at peace that i'm about to fall asleep!
why would you shackle yourself to another human being with no possibility of escape for the rest of your born days?
and then i got married, just a year and a half ago and after i'd been married six months
honestly though, dad, well, you read a book like this and you start thinking more about things spiritual...
i do think about what happens after we die because i can't believe that this is it!
some guy gets in your face and starts giving you a hard time
"hey, you caught me off at that red light what are you trying to do, pal?
that's why we chosen art class is the place to announce it.
the theme of the contest is "student life at the dawn of the millennium."
she's saying that all the emphasis on appearance today can be dangerous.
the girl is very pretty, and your first reaction is, "oh, what a happy teenager!"
and you felt you had to say it in such graphic, unappealing language.
the choice of words was deliberate, to contrast with the beauty of the image and shock the viewer into paying attention.
instead of "she vomits up dinner," how about "she barely touches dinner?"
you mean, being that gorgeous is so tiring that she's too exhausted to eat?
tell them i'll make sure quinn turns in the assignment by monday.
oh, and try to find out what the assignment is, ok?
if i ever find out who the sadist was who called today...
you came up with the idea of a pretty girl with an eating disorder.
you see, helen, if this was supposed to be macaroni and cheese, it would be very bad.
but it's penne a la pesto, and judged by the standards of penne a la pesto, it's very good.
mr. o'neill is in no position to offer such a deal.
the poster will be displayed during the school board meeting tomorrow night then it will be entered into the contest, and it will bring honor and acclaim to you two and to our...
we found part of the poster unacceptable, so it was altered prior to its entry.
unfortunately, someone defaced the poster while it was on display, and since your daughter and ms. lane had objected to changing it,
it was, but your daughter refused to volunteer, so in her case, i made it mandatory.
all right, ms. li, let me make sure i have this straight.
but i don't think we got a formal statement down, did we?
if you just pop next door with wpc hicks for a moment...
he'd been in the army a while, had friends still serving, but he never saw it as a career.
and when he met felicity, he just fell hopelessly in love?
that's why he did it, i'm sure, when he found out about neville - to punish her.
of course, a week later, neville had already found someone else.
any information you have could help speed up the processing of her family's claim.
i was wondering, for instance, when you last actually saw miss vale alive?
i had to be blunt with her about how things stood.
i don't know if they told you, but a witness saw the murder take place.
so, any background you can give me, really, on this young lady.
i'll try not to be too indelicate, but it could impact upon the crime.
or at a critical moment, for instance, accidentally scream someone else's name?
oh, it's like travelling back to the stone age coming here.
you put a third one in, and when you got back that...
if someone was trying to find a message, but didn't know which tape it was on...
you mean the killer must have somehow realised and got there before you and fished it out?
i don't think they'll be buying your next book, any of them.
you dug yourself a big hole with a tightly sprung net inside, rigged up the camouflage frame covered in turf, which slides across in seconds, so you can't see the join.
as per the plan, one of them rushes in as he's about to jump... so if the other two get to the balcony too quickly, he can hold them back.
during which time, duncan's out of the net and into position.
the hole's disappeared and so has his friend, making sure he's first on the scene to pronounce him dead and wave everyone else away.
it could have been pukka ambulance drivers paid to keep their mouths shut.
the main thing is, his body's gone, and no one asks any questions.
and, of course, there was the dummy blood on the patio, carefully deposited just before he fell to look fresh.
problem is, you can see from the scalloped edges around the splash marks, they'd been dropped from a height of several feet.
probably one he'd left himself that proved he was still alive.
that would explain why he'd go back once, but why twice?
to come away with a blank tape, it's obvious the message has been removed.
what if the third tape was taken by someone else... who was also trying to get hold of that message, who didn't know proctor had already got it?
- a young woman's lost her life, a woman you loved - or claimed to love, if only for five minutes.
we're entitled to a bit more than splutters and a blank look.
when i saw what she'd done to kiko with her scissors...
i picked the phone, the machine was on, i tore into her, two minutes of poison.
any rate, it wasn't a tape you want lying around after she'd been found murdered.
the following day, i found a way in, grabbed the tape, hoping the message would still be on it.
that's why you rang her up, because you were nowhere near the cottage that night.
but there was a third person in the house who saw the whole weird and wonderful event, and i think now's the time to say, don't you...
and so she couldn't do any damage, he took the stockings off the radiator and the ones she was wearing.
he wasn't going to leave her any rope to hang herself with...
this statue was created twenty years ago at the end of a bitter war.
and serves as a reminder that we are truly one people bound by a spirit of cooperation and understanding.
look, i just want your help to steal it back so i can put it back where it belongs.
autolycus, it's not called stealing if you retrieve stolen property for the rightful owners.
no, not if you go in there busting heads like you usually do.
but if you use finesse and steal it out from under their noses without them knowing it, that counts as stealing.
the first thing we should do is size up the castle from the outside..., ...try and determine the best way to get the statue out.
what if they're in the process of selling it right now?
these city-states have been known to send armies after the silliest artifacts.
on the other hand who's to say where i got a few hundred pounds of raw gold?
that's twenty feet of the strongest chain wrapped around you, autolycus.
fastened by two hundred of the best locks in the world.
now that we know it was tarsus who killed his brother it's even more essential that we let autolycus win his way.
why do you think he didn't tell us who tarsus was?
he killed your brother, turned you into a theif and he was determined to see you dead.
most people would think you had every right to act as his judge.
[ man narrating ] in a time of ancient gods -- [ xena yells ] warlords and kings, a land in turmoil cried out for a hero.
she was xena, a mighty princess forged in the heat of battle.
look, i just want your help to steal it back... so i can put it back where it belongs.
it's not called stealing if you retrieve stolen property for the rightful owners.
not if you go in there busting heads like you usually do.
but if you use finesse... and steal it from under their noses without them knowing it, that counts as stealing.
[ xena ] what if they're in the process of selling it right now?
it could be on the move before we get to it.
i come to tell you, i make offer on the statue of pax.
[ laughs ] what makes you think that i have pax?
these city states have been known to send armies after the silliest artifacts.
on the other hand, who's to say where i got a few hundred pounds of raw gold?
rather than face me like a man, he took his vengeance by stealing from me.
cleaned me out, but in so doing, he taught me a lesson:
he killed your brother, turned you into a thief... and he was determined to see you dead.
most people would think you had every right to act as his judge.
he gave everything to see that you became a good person.
tarsus may have created the thief, but it was malechis who gave the thief his heart.
autolycus, tell me you don't feel a little bit happy... that you've given the people their statue back.
i'll tell you what makes me feel a little bit better -- knowing that the crown of--
my stomach all tied up and i saw this 'orrible crash.
my mummy said to keep my peace, it didn't mean nothin'.
he was killed by a knight who pierced the demon's heart... ..before he could draw a breath to perform the act.
acathla turned to stone, as demons sometimes do,... ..and was buried where neither man nor demon would want to look.
well, the demon universe exists in a dimension separate from our own.
with one breath, acathla will create a vortex, a kind of erm... ..whirlpool that will pull everything on earth into that dimension,... ..where any non-demon life will suffer horrible and...
butcher shops are throwing away more blood than you could stand.
- if you lived in the world a bit, you'd know.
my stomach all tied up and i saw this 'orrible crash.
my mummy said to keep my peace, it didn't mean nothin'.
he was killed by a knight who pierced the demon's heart... ..before he could draw a breath to perform the act.
acathla turned to stone, as demons sometimes do,... ..and was buried where neither man nor demon would want to look.
well, the demon universe exists in a dimension separate from our own.
with one breath, acathla will create a vortex, a kind of erm... ..whirlpool that will pull everything on earth into that dimension,... ..where any non-demon life will suffer horrible and...
butcher shops are throwing away more blood than you could stand.
- if you lived in the world a bit, you'd know.
my stomach all tied up and i saw this 'orrible crash.
my mummy said to keep my peace, it didn't mean nothin'.
he was killed by a knight who pierced the demon's heart... ..before he could draw a breath to perform the act.
acathla turned to stone, as demons sometimes do... ..and was buried where neither man nor demon would want to look.
well, the demon universe exists in a dimension separate from our own.
with one breath, acathla will create a vortex, a kind of erm... ..whirlpool that will pull everything on earth into that dimension... ..where any non-demon life will suffer horrible and...
butcher shops are throwing away more blood than you could stand.
- if you lived in the world a bit, you'd know.
the theme is, angel's too much of a coward to take me on face to face.
and the other theme was 'buy american', but it, uh, got kind of buried.
i was on my way to your house, saw you walking, couldn't help myself.
which begs the question, and don't think i'm not glad to see you, but... why are you here?
he was killed by a virtuous knight who pierced the demon's heart before he could draw a breath to perform the act.
acathla turned to stone, as demons sometimes do, and was buried where neither man nor demon would want to look.
with one breath, acathla will create a vortex, a kind of um... whirlpool that will pull everything on earth into that dimension, where any non-demon life will suffer horrible and... eternal torment.
so that would be the literal kind of "sucked into hell"?
tyler would have to crawl on his hands and knees to get me to go to the dance with him.
which, actually, he's supposed to do after practice, so i'm gonna wait.
my stomach all tied up and i saw this 'orrible crash.
my mummy said to keep my peace, it didn't mean nothin'.
he was killed by a knight who pierced the demon's heart... ..before he could draw a breath to perform the act.
acathla turned to stone, as demons sometimes do,... ..and was buried where neither man nor demon would want to look.
well, the demon universe exists in a dimension separate from our own.
with one breath, acathla will create a vortex, a kind of erm... ..whirlpool that will pull everything on earth into that dimension,... ..where any non-demon life will suffer horrible and...
butcher shops are throwing away more blood than you could stand.
- if you lived in the world a bit, you'd know.
my stomach all tied up and i saw this 'orrible crash.
my mummy said to keep my peace, it didn't mean nothin'.
he was killed by a knight who pierced the demon's heart... ..before he could draw a breath to perform the act.
acathla turned to stone, as demons sometimes do,... ..and was buried where neither man nor demon would want to look.
well, the demon universe exists in a dimension separate from our own.
with one breath, acathla will create a vortex, a kind of erm... ..whirlpool that will pull everything on earth into that dimension,... ..where any non-demon life will suffer horrible and...
butcher shops are throwing away more blood than you could stand.
- if you lived in the world a bit, you'd know.
the theme is, angel's too much of a coward to take me on.
and the other theme was "buy american" but it got buried.
but the ritual itself... ..requires a greater knowledge of the black arts than i can claim.
well, i've been going through her files and researching the black arts for fun,... ..or educational fun, and i may be able to work this.
i was on my way to your house, saw you walking, couldn't help myself.
which begs the question, and don't think i'm not glad to see you, but... ..why are you here?
the theme is, angel's too much of a coward to take me on.
and the other theme was "buy american" but it got buried.
but the ritual itself... ..requires a greater knowledge of the black arts than i can claim.
well, i've been going through her files and researching the black arts for fun,... ..or educational fun, and i may be able to work this.
i was on my way to your house, saw you walking, couldn't help myself.
which begs the question, and don't think i'm not glad to see you, but... ..why are you here?
faith, if the council feels you need closer observation, then we will all, of course, cooperate.
the council wishes me to report on the entire situation here, including you.
well, if it's not too radical a suggestion, i thought we might kill him.
i suggest two slayers at full strength for a coordinated hunt.
i know that you must find me tiresome, but it's insidious really.
one slips up on the little things and soon everything's gone to hell in a handbasket.
i know that, and i know that it can't happen again.
but you guys have to believe me, i would never put you in any danger.
buffy knows our concerns, and her actions, however ill-advised, can be understood.
our priority right now is to retrieve the glove of myhnegon and try to destroy it.
sooner or later he'll show up at that crypt looking for it.
ah, but instead he finds a buffy in a not-so-good mood?
it involves transforming fire into living flame and immolating the glove.
it's complex, but i believe i have all the necessary materials.
look, i'm sorry to be so abrupt, but lagos is on his way here now.
if you're performing the ritual incorrectly, it will only make the glove more powerful.
i suggest two slayers at full strength for a coordinated hunt.
we believe the glove to be buried in a tomb somewhere, so lagos will be headed for the cemetery.
well, we'll just have to take them one at a time.
anything in your books that might pinpoint the location of the tomb would be useful.
but you guys have to believe me, i would never put you in any danger.
if i thought for a second angel was gonna hurt anyone...
after awhile it even makes the fun parts not so fun.
what makes you think all this secret stuff is sexy anyway?
well, he saved me from a horrible flamey death - that sort of makes me like him again.
well, as long as she and angel don't get pelvic, we'll be ok, i guess.
i suggest two slayers at full strength for a coordinated hunt.
we believe the glove to be buried in a tomb somewhere.
i suggest two slayers at full strength for a coordinated hunt.
we believe the glove to be buried in a tomb somewhere.
i suggest two slayers at full strength for a coordinated hunt.
we believe the glove to be buried in a tomb somewhere, so lagos will be headed for the cemetery.
well, we'll just have to take them one at a time.
anything in your books that might pinpoint the location of the tomb would be useful.
but you guys have to believe me, i would never put you in any danger.
if i thought for a second angel was gonna hurt anyone...
after awhile it even makes the fun parts not so fun.
what makes you think all this secret stuff is sexy anyway?
well, he saved me from a horrible flamey death - that sort of makes me like him again.
well, as long as she and angel don't get pelvic, we'll be ok, i guess.
- since the man who stole ray's car also tried to kill you, we share a common goal.
and in a spirit of judicial cooperation, perhaps we should consider pooling our resources and our information.
- well, these people have good reason to fear authority, ray.
their history is one of domination, first by the colonial powers, and then a series of brutal dictators who repressed the people with strong-arm tactics and turned their religion against them.
and momma lolla was practising for the nine-night ritual for his wife.
if mr. laferette is as important as everyone says he is, it'll be his duty to attend.
- she cursed everyone who works here, and you work here, so...
listen, i've heard of people just giving up and dying after they've been cursed.
- i have to think of the reputation of this station.
- and i must locate the whereabouts of my lifelong companion.
i'll have to explain to my father why the car got wrecked while a mountie was driving it after he dragged it from arizona like a dozen eggs.
- you must say hello to your father for me, by the way.
considering the guy you helped escape is the guy who tried to kill me.
- since the man who stole ray's car also tried to kill you, we share a common goal.
and momma lolla was practising for the nine-night ritual for his wife.
if mr. laferette is as important as everyone says he is, it'll be his duty to attend.
- she cursed everyone who works here, and you work here, so...
listen, i've heard of people just giving up and dying after they've been cursed.
it is very early to become a priest in my country.
from my earliest days, i have been taught to revere all life and to do no harm.
mert's an expert in her field, though that field has nothing to do with medicine.
we remain very proud of her as a member of our cleaning staff.
there are, however, certain drugs... for example, the gland secretions of the bouga toad, they're a hundred times more powerful than digitalis, or puffer fish, which contains a tetrodotoxin.
either of these would allow an individual to create a very convincing impression of death.
do we have to spend another evening talking about everybody's dogs?
you just feel guilty 'cause i'm ready for one and you're not.
i don't think it's such a great idea that you... yell at him like that in front of the other dogs.
a light and breezy tone just doesn't cut it when he's eating a woman's blood-pressure medicine.
who do we know that has that much time on his hands?
you know, i'm not very fond of blondes, but you are fabulous.
you just feel guilty 'cause i'm ready for one and you're not.
now, that's just grace's way of saying that her biological clock is barking.
he deserves to be with someone who can spend tons of time with him.
who do we know that has that much time on his hands?
our shuttle was in interdimensional space when we had an accident, then landed here.
yeah, i have a theory that our worlds exist in parallel dimensions.
well, if your people live in harmony with the land, then why develop such sophisticate weaponry for war?
living in harmony with the land is easy, compared to living in harmony with each other.
oh, well, he better stay a faithful supporter, because the way things look around here, liam, we're gonna be here for a while.
listen, if we can get back to the shuttle, do you think you can retrace the flight pattern and get us home?
a parallel universe, where one of the kimera survived your slaughter to give birth to me.
there is nothing in the taelon archives that would suggest this is possible.
the answer must lie somewhere in the history of the human/taelon bond.
maybe as far back as the beginning, when ma'el first came to earth.
our trading centers have no more than 20 thousands permanent residents.
well, if your people live in harmony with the land, then why develop such sophisticate weaponry for war?
living in harmony with the land is easy, compared to living in harmony with each other.
fighting is part of imerian existence, and existence of every culture on our planet.
but the taelons seduced her with the lure of unbridled power.
which the taelons were happy to provide in exchange on leading the assault on humanity which she has done with the vengeance.
what if i were to offer you a chance to save them?
return them to their homes unharmed, to live their lives in peace.
if he were to join with the taelons it would send a loud message to all of humanity that fighting the taelons is futile.
convince his to join with the taelons and i will do as i promised.
if what you say is true, than what would explain the differences in human evolution in the two worlds?
the answer must lie somewhere in the history of the human/taelon bond.
and you, my darlings, are the most recent ln a long and distinguished line.
is that why they wanted to hang herl because she was a wltchl
the fact that our aunt marla was a bit of a heartbreaker didn 't help.
nor did lt help that most of her lovers had wives on the hanging committee.
sometlmes i feel there's a hole inside of me an emptiness that at times seems to burn.
i thlnk lf you lifted my heart to your ear, you could hear the ocean.
can love travel back ln time and heal a broken heartl
was lt our joined hands that finally lifted marla 's cursel i'd like to think so.
the fact that she was a bit of a heartbreaker didn't help.
nor did it help that most of her lovers had wives on the hanging committee.
but no, i don't think it was either of those reasons.
they feared her because she had a gift a power that has been passed on to you children.
and if he doesn't exist, i'll never die of a broken heart.
and if he doesn't exist i'll never die of a broken heart.
sometimes we just stay up all night worshipping each other like bats.
thank god for jet's belladonna or i'd never get any sleep.
i want you both to watch what you say to those girls.
i don't want you filling their heads with any of your nonsense.
so i picked her up and i drove her right back here.
and we would be happy to give him back his car because it is a crime...
her body had been marked with a kind of brand burned right into the face.
any help you ladies can give me in locating this ex-friend of yours would sure be appreciated.
i manufacture bath oils and soaps and hand lotions and shampoo.
and the aunts they like to meddle in people's love lives.
would you send me to jail for life all because the world was short a man like jimmy angelov?
it's not for you or me to decide how he should be punished.
when i was a little girl i worked a spell so i would never fall in love.
i asked for qualities in a man that i knew couldn't possibly exist.
nor did it help that most of her lovers had wives on the hanging committee.
but no, i don 't think it was either of those reasons.
but as her bitterness grew the spell turned into a curse.
a curse on any man who dared love an owens woman.
she heard the beetle ticking for your father's death all day long.
she knew that when you hear the sound of the deathwatch beetle the man you love is doomed to die.
if you stay, i wouldn't know if it was because of the spell...
... andyouwouldn'tknowifit was because i didn't want to go to prison.
nor did it help that most of her lovers had wives on the hanging committee.
but no, i don't think it was either of those reasons.
but as her bitterness grew the spell turned into a curse.
a curse on any man who dared love an owens woman.
she heard the beetle ticking for your father's death all day long.
she knew that when you hear the sound of the deathwatch beetle the man you love is doomed to die.
and if he doesn't exist, i'll never die of a broken heart.
and if he doesn't exist i'll never die of a broken heart.
i mean he talks about our relationship in terms of centuries.
sometimes we just stay up all night worshipping each other like bats.
sometimes i feel there's a hole inside of me an emptiness that at times seems to burn.
i think if you lifted my heart to your ear, you could hear the ocean.
he seems to know a lot because he's come all the way from arizona.
and i know this sounds really strange but i don't think i can lie to him.
and we would be so happy to give him back his car, because it is a crime--
as you say you just don't know where he is to give him back that car.
two years ago, she was found strangled lying on the side of the highway.
her body had been marked with a kind of brand burned right into the face.
the reason you're here and you don't know why is because i sent for you.
when i was a little girl i worked a spell so i would never fall in love.
nor did it help that most of her lovers had wives on the hanging committee.
but no, i don't think it was either of those reasons.
but as her bitterness grew the spell turned into a curse.
a curse on any man who dared love an owens woman.
she heard the beetle ticking for your father's death all day long.
she knew that when you hear the sound of the deathwatch beetle the man you love is doomed to die.
and if he doesn't exist, i'll never die of a broken heart.
and if he doesn't exist i'll never die of a broken heart.
i mean he talks about our relationship in terms of centuries.
sometimes we just stay up all night worshipping each other like bats.
sometimes i feel there's a hole inside of me an emptiness that at times seems to burn.
i think if you lifted my heart to your ear, you could hear the ocean.
he seems to know a lot because he's come all the way from arizona.
and i know this sounds really strange but i don't think i can lie to him.
and we would be so happy to give him back his car, because it is a crime-
as you say you just don't know where he is to give him back that car.
two years ago, she was found strangled lying on the side of the highway.
her body had been marked with a kind of brand burned right into the face.
the reason you're here and you don't know why is because i sent for you.
when i was a little girl i worked a spell so i would never fall in love.
nor did it help that most of her lovers had wives on the hanging committee.
but no, i don't think it was either of those reasons.
but as her bitterness grew the spell turned into a curse.
a curse on any man who dared love an owens woman.
she heard the beetle ticking for your father's death all day long.
she knew that when you hear the sound of the deathwatch beetle the man you love is doomed to die.
and if he doesn't exist, i'll never die of a broken heart.
and if he doesn't exist i'll never die of a broken heart.
i mean he talks about our relationship in terms of centuries.
sometimes we just stay up all night worshipping each other like bats.
sometimes i feel there's a hole inside of me an emptiness that at times seems to burn.
i think if you lifted my heart to your ear, you could hear the ocean.
he seems to know a lot because he's come all the way from arizona.
and i know this sounds really strange but i don't think i can lie to him.
and we would be so happy to give him back his car, because it is a crime-
as you say you just don't know where he is to give him back that car.
two years ago, she was found strangled lying on the side of the highway.
her body had been marked with a kind of brand burned right into the face.
the reason you're here and you don't know why is because i sent for you.
when i was a little girl i worked a spell so i would never fall in love.
nor did it help that most of her lovers had wives on the hanging committee.
but no, i don't think it was either of those reasons.
sometimes we just stay up all night worshipping each other like bats.
thank god for jet's belladonna or i'd never get any sleep.
so i picked her up and i drove her right back here.
and we would be so happy to give him back his car, because it is a crime-
her body had been marked with a kind of brand burned right into the face.
any help you ladies can give me in locating this ex-friend of yours would sure be appreciated.
do you have any idea how strange this all sounds to me?
i got people telling me you're here cooking up placenta bars you're into devil worship-
would you send me to jail for life all because the world was short a man like jimmy angelov?
it's not for you or me to decide how he should be punished.
when i was a little girl i worked a spell so i would never fall in love.
i asked for qualities in a man that i knew couldn't possibly exist.
nor did it help that most of her lovers had wives on the hanging committee.
but no, i don't think it was either of those reasons.
he's just so intense. i mean he talks about our relationship in terms of centuries.
sometimes we just stay up all night worshipping each other like bats.
i was kind of hoping to talk to your sister, gillian if she's around.
she might have some information on a case i'm working on.
well, gosh, he seems to know a lot because he's come all the way from arizona.
and i know this sounds really strange but i don't think i can lie to him.
- and we would be so happy to give him back his car because it is a crime.
and as you say, you just don't know where he is to--
two years ago, she was found strangled lying on the side of the highway.
her body had been marked with a kind of a brand burned right into the face.
and all's i can tell you is, there appears to be something missing from your story.
now, listen, i wanna talk to you more, but i go¤ finish some homework here.
you know, um the truth is, this wasn't about your daddy.
this was when your mommy was little and she was trying to invent a guy who didn't exist to protect herself. lt's crazy.
do you have any idea how strange this all sounds to me?
i got people telling me you're up here cooking up placenta bars that you're into devil worship--
what, would you send me to jail for the rest of my life all because the world was short a man like jimmy angelo¤
that's not for you or me to decide how he should be punished.
i have to tell you, the fumes are great for the pores.
not to mention sealing his nas¤ spirit back into the grave.
nor did it help that most of her lovers... had wives on the hanging committee.
but no, i don 't think it was either of those reasons.
but as her bitterness grew... the spell turned into a curse.
a curse on any man who dared love an owens woman.
she heard the beetle ticking for your father's death all day long.
she knew that when you hear the sound of the deathwatch beetle... the man you love is doomed to die.
sometimes i feel there's a hole inside of me... an emptiness that at times... seems to burn.
i think if you lifted my heart to your ear, you could hear the ocean.
but still, sometimes when the wind is warm or the crickets sing...
i dream of a love that even time will lie down and be still for.
he seems to know a lot because he's come all the way from arizona.
and i know this sounds really strange... but i don't think i can lie to him.
so i picked her up and i drove her right back here.
and we would be... so happy to give him back his car, because it is a crime...
do you have any idea how strange this all sounds to me?
i got people telling me you're here cooking up placenta bars... you're into devil worship...
would you send me to jail for life all because... the world was short a man like jimmy angelov?
it's not for you or me to decide how he should be punished.
nor did it help that most of her lovers had wives on the hanging committee.
but no, i don't think it was either of those reasons.
i mean he talks about our relationship in terms of centuries.
sometimes we just stay up all night worshipping each other like bats.
i want you both to watch what you say to those girls.
i don't want you filling their heads with any of your nonsense, okay?
sometimes i feel there is a hole inside of me an emptiness that at times seems to burn.
i think if you lifted my heart to your ear, you could probably hear the ocean.
i was kind of hoping to talk to your sister, gillian if she's around.
she might have some information on a case i'm working on.
well, gosh, he seems to know a lot because he's come all the way from arizona.
and i know this sounds really strange but i don't think i can lie to him.
her body had been marked with a kind of a brand burned right into the face.
any help you ladies can give me in locating this ex-friend of yours would sure be appreciated.
you know, um the truth is, this wasn't about your daddy.
this was when your mommy was little and she was trying to invent a guy who didn't exist to protect herself.
the moment that man walked in, that's all i want to do.
what are you gonna do, get down on your knees and beg for mercy?
the reason that you're here and you don't know why is because i sent for you.
when i was a little girl i worked a spell so i would never fall in love.
i have to tell you, the fumes are great for the pores.
not to mention sealing his nasty spirit back into the grave.
office hereby concluded that james angelov's cause of death was accidental.
jewelry found in the ashes of the structure provided positive identification.
the fact that our aunt maria was a bit of a heartbreaker didn 't help.
nor did it help that most of her lovers had wives on the hanging committee.
and if he doesn't exist, i'll never die of a broken heart.
and if he doesn 't exist i'll never die of a broken heart.
sometimes i feel there's a hole inside of me an emptiness that at times seems to burn.
i think if you lifted my heart to your ear, you could hear the ocean.
do you have any idea how strange this all sounds to me?
i got people telling me you're here cooking up placenta bars...
if you stay, i wouldn't know if it was because of the spell...
... andyouwouldn'tknowifit was because i didn't want to go to prison.
nor did it help that most of her lovers had wives on the hanging committee.
but no, i don 't think it was either of those reasons.
but as her bitterness grew the spell turned into a curse.
a curse on any man who dared love an owens woman.
she heard the beetle ticking for your father's death all day long.
she knew that when you hear the sound of the deathwatch beetle the man you love is doomed to die.
and if he doesn't exist, i'll never die of a broken heart.
and if he doesn't exist i'll never die of a broken heart.
i mean he talks about our relationship in terms of centuries.
sometimes we just stay up all night worshipping each other like bats.
sometimes i feel there's a hole inside of me an emptiness that at times seems to burn.
i think if you lifted my heart to your ear, you could hear the ocean.
he seems to know a lot because he's come all the way from arizona.
and i know this sounds really strange but i don't think i can lie to him.
and we would be so happy to give him back his car, because it is a crime...
as you say you just don't know where he is to give him back that car.
two years ago, she was found strangled lying on the side of the highway.
her body had been marked with a kind of brand burned right into the face.
the reason you're here and you don't know why is because i sent for you.
when i was a little girl i worked a spell so i would never fall in love.
the fact that our aunt maria was a bit of a heartbreaker didn 't help.
nor did it help that most of her lovers had wives on the hanging committee.
and if he doesn't exist, i'll never die of a broken heart.
and if he doesn 't exist i'll never die of a broken heart.
sometimes i feel there's a hole inside of me an emptiness that at times seems to burn.
i think if you lifted my heart to your ear, you could hear the ocean.
do you have any idea how strange this all sounds to me?
i got people telling me you're here cooking up placenta bars...
if you stay, i wouldn't know if it was because of the spell...
... andyouwouldn'tknowifit was because i didn't want to go to prison.
nor did it help that most of her lovers had wives on the hanging committee.
but no, i don't think it was either of those reasons.
but as her bitterness grew the spell turned into a curse.
a curse on any man who dared love an owens woman.
she heard the beetle ticking for your father's death all day long.
she knew that when you hear the sound of the deathwatch beetle the man you love is doomed to die.
and if he doesn't exist, i'll never die of a broken heart.
and if he doesn't exist i'll never die of a broken heart.
i mean he talks about our relationship in terms of centuries.
sometimes we just stay up all night worshipping each other like bats.
sometimes i feel there's a hole inside of me an emptiness that at times seems to burn.
i think if you lifted my heart to your ear, you could hear the ocean.
he seems to know a lot because he's come all the way from arizona.
and i know this sounds really strange but i don't think i can lie to him.
and we would be so happy to give him back his car, because it is a crime-
as you say you just don't know where he is to give him back that car.
two years ago, she was found strangled lying on the side of the highway.
her body had been marked with a kind of brand burned right into the face.
the reason you're here and you don't know why is because i sent for you.
when i was a little girl i worked a spell so i would never fall in love.
nor did it help that most of her lovers had wives on the hanging committee.
but no, i don't think it was either of those reasons.
but as her bitterness grew the spell turned into a curse.
a curse on any man who dared love an owens woman.
she heard the beetle ticking for your father's death all day long.
she knew that when you hear the sound of the deathwatch beetle the man you love is doomed to die.
and if he doesn't exist, i'll never die of a broken heart.
and if he doesn't exist i'll never die of a broken heart.
i mean he talks about our relationship in terms of centuries.
sometimes we just stay up all night worshipping each other like bats.
sometimes i feel there's a hole inside of me an emptiness that at times seems to burn.
i think if you lifted my heart to your ear, you could hear the ocean.
he seems to know a lot because he's come all the way from arizona.
and i know this sounds really strange but i don't think i can lie to him.
and we would be so happy to give him back his car, because it is a crime--
as you say you just don't know where he is to give him back that car.
two years ago, she was found strangled lying on the side of the highway.
her body had been marked with a kind of brand burned right into the face.
the reason you're here and you don't know why is because i sent for you.
when i was a little girl i worked a spell so i would never fall in love.
in those distant times people didn't know how to manage the climate, the ozone holes were open and the harmful cosmic radiation greatly affected the mental state of our people/
horrendous killers wandered about moscow, for years waging wars among themselves/
and russia was desperately searching for her own way which she now found/
the number of veterans of the war against nazis was dwindling each year/
only don't make a tragedy out of it/ uncle lyova is blind/
yes, such an ill luck/ l wanted to hang myself, but the rope broke/
the first suitor wasn't worthy of her, because he was a botany teacher and a butterfly collector/
and the second one was a divorced tenor/ ls that you who's a divorced tenor?
a silly, haughty old man, but deft/ lt was hard to keep an eye on him/
he signed contracts with laundries that made discounts on servicing the families of veterans/
don't pay attention/ he's looking for his gun, the schizoid/ l'll show you the schizoid/ l'll show you the schizoid!
i wish i had strangled you with my own hands in your cradle/ l'm sick and tired of him/
father sleeps before the tv set/ he believes he's always right/
how could mother live with him for years, with his war and his stories?
remember how i played a joke on him on the front?
i said, "our commissar is a sorcerer, he can cast a spell and you'll get a letter from your wife/
lyovka morgulis was loved by many of his frontline girlfriends and other peaceful women/
but most of all by anya krymova who got pregnant from him/
that pioneer will send us tumbling down the stairs, mark my words/
but soon he met his frontline comrade lyubka, nicknamed "normandy-neiman", and anya turned him out for good/
walking on donskaya road, i was fucked with a big board/
can't a person, bloody shit, just take a walk in the street?
///shutov was killed while trying to put up an armed resistance/
and our so-called hero and so-called war veteran, pilot kilovatov was apprehended by a sheer chance, carrying in his pockets about 15 thousand dollars in cash/
since their work was stressful and medical service was very poor, anyone could become a deputy, even a serial killer or an orchestra conductor/
when the generals' mafia proposed its last candidate, while the prosecutors' had none left,
your father has a garage, but he always parks his car///
he thought it was too late for you to go anywhere/ l'm a resident of this house too!
we have fixed rates, i mean judges, investigators, law enforcement men/ 2,000 bucks for being transferred from a common to a single cell,
5,000 - for concealment of evidence, 10,000 - for release on a recognizance not to leave, and so on/
so i couldn't let the old man go just freebie/ ln that case i would be ashamed to look my comrades in the eye/
you know, whatever they may be saying about chichevikin, i'll always remember him with a warm feeling/
and i'm a hard worker by birth and have always remained in harness like a mule/
so as soon as i solved the problem of the generals, the tennis players decided to send me to fight corruption in our trade representations in ukraine/
listen to me, alyosha/ l'm not going to tell anyone how i got on the plane/
even to you, though you're a big boss/ l won't tell it even if i'm tortured/ you got it?
we went amiss with one prosecutor/ may he burn in hell!
find someone who has more clout and make them bring mitka kilovatov here/
listen, psychologist, i can't do it today/ lt's a bad day for me/ you do it yourself/
no, he is your father/ lf my father had hijacked a plane, then it would be different/
well/// when you left us, i was very upset, and mother too/
we thought/// you'd come back and/// be sorry for not seeing your son to have grown up/
what a joy it is to run in the morning grass!
half of europe, half of the world, we went the route,
for a woman who always wants other people's stuff here she gets something for free and she won't even touch it?
yeah, but she's made a lot of enemies, think about that.
but the guys who came up with this stuff created two standards beta and vhs.
the beta cassettes were small for their time... and the decks didn't take much space.
i guess you should be the first to see it since you're the reason i'm here.
i'll tell you what, i'll show you around right after i eat what smells like the best dinner ever.
well, mrs. s. doesn't like me having visitors of the female persuasion.
she kind of looks out for me a little too much.
and mr. s., he doesn't like a lot of talking, except when they're fighting.
and then they go on and on and on and oh my god!
all those years i stayed there i convinced myself that i wasn't wasting my life because it was part of a plan.
stay at home, save some money, meet a girl, then move out and, you know, have a life.
stay miserable for the rest of your life and wonder if you should've moved out, but now it's too late 'cause you're old and bald and living with mom and dad.
and you're gonna find out that the designated hitter is bad for baseball.
what, are you gonna move to florida with mom and dad and stay at a retirement village?
i'm not flying 1,500 miles to see you wearing socks with sandals.
i guess you should be the first to see it since you're the reason i'm here.
i'll tell you what, i'll show you around right after i eat what smells like the best dinner ever.
well, mrs. s. doesn't like me having visitors of the female persuasion.
she kind of looks out for me a little too much.
and mr. s., he doesn't like a lot of talking, except when they're fighting.
and then they go on and on and on and oh my god!
i mean, she's all sad and... over at my house a lot.
all those years i stayed there i convinced myself that i wasn't wasting my life because it was part of a plan.
stay at home, save some money, meet a girl, then move out and, you know, have a life.
get married, buy a house, have some kids, become... you know, have it all.
both sides have apparently agreed to fast track this, the only issue being did ms. reese fear for her life, and if so, was that fear reasonable?
some speculation that ms. reese was simply fed up with the paparazzi, and this last encounter was the final straw.
so far, we have no indication of where ms. reese got the gun.
the good news, courtney, you're already beautiful, so we don't have to "marcia clark" you.
the bad news is you're beautiful and you shot a man.
the only person i can see getting away with that is princess die, who was herself killed by the paparazzi.
our investigators are checking into the photographer... his friends, family, skeltons the usual.
what is important is that, in the press, he looks like someone who would attack courtney in an alley.
in order to prove self-defense, we need to show that, in these circumstances, you reasonably felt your life was in danger.
the only person who can convey that is you, so you'll need to testify.
are you referring to the time i interviewed with you for a position at crane, poole schmidt, all the while, you surf the net to get cheap ski life tickets at whistler?
do you think that that would cause a rift between us?
which is why you leapt out from behind the dumpster, to startle her?
yeah, i was trying to get a candid shot of her, yes.
no, they signed up for it when they chose to be mouse.
did they sign up for having their car run off the road?
getting me to finally trust you, proving yourself to your big sister?
at the risk of jeopardizing our relationship any further, you got a frigging problem.
if she takes this to trial, she could go to jail for a year, maybe two.
and you can't just wave your magic wand to make make this go away.
maybe denise thought she was playing a practical joke, but i just don't think it's all that funny.
i mean, is that how the lawyers treat each other here?
this is a very serious matter involving the loss of a human life, but we are impressed by the defendant's remorse.
we're also mindful that she has no previous criminal record, and we're satisfied that three months constitutes a just punishment.
yes, i also get thousands of letters from prison inmates, pledging their love and planning to seek me out upon release.
and i get many inappropriate, prurient letters from people on the outside as well... sometimes doctors, lawyers.
i've received three in the last day from one of my own lawyers.
you're clearly the object of a lot of adoration and obsession.
i mean, they've all got cameras and e-mail access with their cell phones.
i go to the coffee shop for a latte, it's instantly posted.
now, i'm sure none of you want to live in a world where there's one set of laws for the famous people and another set for the rest of us.
the facts in this case do not say that courtney reese is an actress or a model or a world-famous celebrity.
the facts in this case say that she's a criminal who tried to murder somebody.
a neurobiologist at duke university conducted an experiment where he gave a group of thirsty monkeys a choice of either having their favorite drink, which was some sort of cherry juice concoction, or of having the opportunity to look at pictures of the dominant celebrity monkey of their pack.
despite their thirst and the allure of the cherry juice, they chose to look at the pictures.
apparently, monkeys have a part of their brain that specifically responds to the thrill of celebrity, as do we.
her fear of being followed or assaulted or even murdered is not an irrational one.
she receives threats on her life, obsessive declarations of love, psychotic musings about imagined relations or phantom encounters.
monica seles was stabbed in the back on a tennis court during a match.
gianni versace was gunned down as he stepped from his home in miami.
as he was coming home in the evening with his wife.
courtney reese carried a gun with her because of all that had come before.
i'm prepared to audit your sentencing on drug cases to see if there's a pattern.
i am prepared to make it very public should there be a pattern.
i just want you to know, i am having sex with brad.
and while i did ask him to speak to you on my behalf regarding partnership, that has nothing to do with us having sex and everything to do with the fact that i am an excellent attorney.
there are people sleeping with each other all over this law firm.
alan shore mated two women and had them trying to murder each other in the lobby.
- thanks for letting me skip school... to see the team come back from the championship, dad.
i always say, a boy can learn more at an airport... than he can at any school.
upon our arrival, we will begin our new, perfect lives on blisstonia... well-known for its high levels ofbliss.
i don't know about you, but they're not exactly winning me over... with these lousy production values here.
why isn't our low-protein gruel wearing down his resistance like all the others?
it doesn't wear down your resistance if you eat a month's supply.
i love you, perfect leader, and new c.e.o. of kbbl broadcasting.
i love you, perfect leader, and new c.e.o. of kbbl broadcasting.
besides, this is just another place... for me to wreak my special brand of hysterical havoc.
these rubes in robes haven't met the likes of bart simpson before.
he's as rich and wicked as i, but he seems to enjoy tax-exempt status.
[chuckles] actually, sir, with our creative bookkeeping... and corporate loopholes, we only pay three dollars a year.
my entire family has been taken in by the evil movementarians.
oh, i feel for you, my child, and i'd like to help you.
the reason we're not allowed in the forbidden barn... is because there is no intergalactic spaceship.
he's taken our money just so he can... build one hell of a spaceship!
the point is these are some decent, generous people that i can take advantage of.
- but what if they try to talk us into something?
[man on tv] once we collect enough money for fuel... our leader will throw open the doors of the forbidden barn... where we will all board our intergalactic vehicle- rows one through 30 first.
upon our arrival, we will begin our new, perfect lives on blisstonia... well-known for its high levels ofbliss.
springfield has been overrun by a strange and almost certainly evil sect... calling themselves "the movementarians."
in exchange for your home and all your money... the leader of this way-out and wrong religion... claims he'll take believers away on his spaceship to the planet blisstonia.
i love you, perfect leader, and new c.e.o. of kbbl broadcasting.
homer simpson, your family will be housed here... for the first 100,000 years.
this so-called "new religion"... is nothing but a pack of weird rituals and chants... designed to take away the money of fools.
let us say the lord's prayer 40 times, but first let's pass the collection plate.
we toil in the fields, and he rides around in a rolls-royce?
yes, it would be nice if he'd buy american, but what are you gonna do?
now i can show all of you what i've come to realize.
the reason we're not allowed in the forbidden barn... is because there is no intergalactic spaceship.
he's taken our money just so he can... build one hell of a spaceship!
- [all gasping] - [leader on speaker] homer simpson... because of your lack of faith, you've ruined mankind's chance for salvation.
- thanks for letting me skip school... to see the team come back from the championship, dad.
i always say, a boy can learn more at an airport... than he can at any school.
upon our arrival, we will begin our new, perfect lives on blisstonia... well-known for its high levels ofbliss.
i don't know about you, but they're not exactly winning me over... with these lousy production values here.
why isn't our low-protein gruel wearing down his resistance like all the others?
it doesn't wear down your resistance if you eat a month's supply.
i love you, perfect leader, and new c.e.o. of kbbl broadcasting.
i love you, perfect leader, and new c.e.o. of kbbl broadcasting.
besides, this is just another place... for me to wreak my special brand of hysterical havoc.
these rubes in robes haven't met the likes of bart simpson before.
he's as rich and wicked as i, but he seems to enjoy tax-exempt status.
[chuckles] actually, sir, with our creative bookkeeping... and corporate loopholes, we only pay three dollars a year.
my entire family has been taken in by the evil movementarians.
oh, i feel for you, my child, and i'd like to help you.
the reason we're not allowed in the forbidden barn... is because there is no intergalactic spaceship.
he's taken our money just so he can... build one hell of a spaceship!
the point is these are some decent, generous people that i can take advantage of.
- but what if they try to talk us into something?
[man on tv] once we collect enough money for fuel... our leader will throw open the doors of the forbidden barn... where we will all board our intergalactic vehicle- rows one through 30 first.
upon our arrival, we will begin our new, perfect lives on blisstonia... well-known for its high levels ofbliss.
springfield has been overrun by a strange and almost certainly evil sect... calling themselves "the movementarians."
in exchange for your home and all your money... the leader of this way-out and wrong religion... claims he'll take believers away on his spaceship to the planet blisstonia.
i love you, perfect leader, and new c.e.o. of kbbl broadcasting.
homer simpson, your family will be housed here... for the first 100,000 years.
this so-called "new religion"... is nothing but a pack of weird rituals and chants... designed to take away the money of fools.
let us say the lord's prayer 40 times, but first let's pass the collection plate.
we toil in the fields, and he rides around in a rolls-royce?
yes, it would be nice if he'd buy american, but what are you gonna do?
now i can show all of you what i've come to realize.
the reason we're not allowed in the forbidden barn... is because there is no intergalactic spaceship.
he's taken our money just so he can... build one hell of a spaceship!
- [all gasping] - [leader on speaker] homer simpson... because of your lack of faith, you've ruined mankind's chance for salvation.
recently, we asked him to acquire a large quantity of semtex... an untraceable plastique used widely in europe.
however, it appears... he's having second thoughts, and it may end up in the wrong hands.
he'll assume the section has been breached... and sever all communications until his mission is complete.
the next time he contacts us... it will be to tell us that the mission has been completed.
and i want you to know that what i'm about to do to you... gives me no pleasure.
why don't you just ask me what you want to know?
now we have to show your people you are alive and well.
as you can see, we have taken very good care of her.
i used satellite and ground-based surveillance... to pick up their security.
he's got an infrared barrier inside and video on the circumference.
he's been on our green list for years... because of his ability playing both sides.
recently, we asked him to acquire a large quantity of semtex... an untraceable plastique used widely in europe.
he has no intention of selling it to us at any price.
my guess is that he's going to try to have us show up somewhere... with the money.
i must say you are much different than i thought you'd be.
whenever i deal with your subordinates... they always depict you as an iron maiden... but you're nothing of the sort.
i put together a layout of the enclave and surrounding area.
i used satellite and ground-based surveillance... to pick up their security.
he plans to leave the priesthood to be a tv producer.
fox has given him a slot between " deadliest car crashes" and "the oral office. "
he plans to leave the priesthood to be a tv producer.
fox has given him a slot between " deadliest car crashes" and "the oral office. "
the orderly is being questioned, but judging by his mental state, he's not going to be much help to us, so there's very little we know for sure at this point.
what we do know is that the last confirmed bed check was 2:04 a.m.
due to the... unique nature of this investigation, the fbi will head the manhunt.
the marshals service will lend their much-welcomed expertise and will coordinate all their efforts with myself or my two designated s.a.c.'s,
he likes to think of himself as a ronin, a warrior without a master, adhering to the budo, the japanese way of war.
in truth, he's a highly intelligent sociopath who has no fear of dying.
in keeping with his game archetype, he likes to leave clues.
this is why we expect to be contacted by him hopefully sooner rather than later.
do not trust this man, do not talk to him, do not engage him in conversation even if he is unarmed.
approach him only with extraordinary caution, and then only with adequate backup.
then why didn't he kill the cops or the prison guard?
or, hell, while we're at it, why didn't he kill me?
i know nathan was very proud of having prosecuted the case.
he said this man modell was extremely clever and dangerous and that he was a menace to society.
nathan said it was too bad that you just didn't kill him.
that it would have saved the taxpayers the cost of a trial.
i guess he felt that... that it was his brush with greatness.
is it possible that he could have mentioned you to robert modell?
you wanna last here more than a week, you don't ever underestimate this man.
never trust him and never let your guard down around him.
so there's very little we know for sure at this point.
what we do know is that the last confirmed bed check was 2.04am.
due to the unique nature of this investigation, the fbi will head the manhunt.
the marshals service will lend their expertise and will coordinate their efforts with myself or my designated sacs, agents mulder and scully.
in truth, he's a highly intelligent sociopath who has no fear of dying.
in keeping with his game archetype, he likes to leave clues.
we expect to be contacted by him hopefully sooner rather than later.
we fully expect him to pick up exactly where he left off.
he said you crippled him and put him in a wheelchair.
nathan said it was too bad that you just didn't kill him.
so there's very little we know for sure at this point.
what we do know is the last confirmed bed check was 2:04 a.m.
in keeping with his game archetype, he likes to leave clues.
this is why we expect to be contacted by him hopefully sooner rather than later.
we fully expect him to pick up exactly where he left off.
what did you mean when you said he just walked out the building?
do not engage him in conversation, even if he is unarmed.
approach him only with extraordinary caution, and then only with adequate backup.
you said yourself that he was gonna pick up where he left off.
then why didn't he kill the cops or the prison guard?
so there's very little we know for sure at this point.
what we do know is the last confirmed bed check was 2:04 a.m.
in keeping with his game archetype, he likes to leave clues.
this is why we expect to be contacted by him hopefully sooner rather than later.
we fully expect him to pick up exactly where he left off.
what did you mean when you said he just walked out the building?
do not engage him in conversation, even if he is unarmed.
approach him only with extraordinary caution, and then only with adequate backup.
you said yourself that he was gonna pick up where he left off.
then why didn't he kill the cops or the prison guard?
judging by his mental state, he's not gonna be much help.
so there's very little we know for sure at this point.
he likes to think of himself as a ronin, a warrior without a master, adhering to the budo, the japanese way of war.
in truth, he's a highly intelligent sociopath who has no fear of dying.
in keeping with his game archetype, he likes to leave clues.
we expect to be contacted by him hopefully sooner rather than later.
modell refers to himself as "pusher"_ technically speaking, his victims' wounds were self-inflicted.
he has a unique ability to force his will upon others, to push his victims into hurting or killing themselves.
this was the scene at lorton penitentiary less than one hour ago.
agents of the federal bureau of investigation, along with the us marshals service and representatives of local law-enforcement, assembled a multi-agency task fo...
all i know is i was supposed to meet a mr mulder here.
he didn't leave a number, and i couldn't call him to tell him that i was running late.
i know nathan was very proud of having prosecuted the case.
he said this man, modell, was extremely clever and dangerous and that he was a menace to society.
nathan said it was too bad that you just didn't kill him.
it would have saved the taxpayers the cost of a trial.
apparently, she only found out about his existence six months ago.
they were separated when they were two weeks old, raised apart.
chicago is her fifth stop in a two month world tour, and also marks the princess' first visit to america.
the official welcoming committee has been carefully chosen to represent the various political, economic and cultural aspects of our city.
princess sibella is the only daughter of king william of morenia.
we're seeing the princess' press secretary and lady in waiting get out of the car first.
what am i supposed to do, put her on a bus to milwaukee?
listen, those heads- on-pikes people are on the other side of that door, so we gotta move now.
how do you balance your personal life and your duties as a princess?
i... try to remember that there are people out there, people in my own country, who depend on me.
the best part of my visit to chicago was the people.
their warmth, their kindness, the way they welcomed me into their lives.
the official welcoming committee has been carefully chosen to represent the various political, economic and cultural aspects of our city.
princess sibella is the only daughter of king william of morenia.
i believe that friendship between people is the first step towards friendship between nations.
how do you balance your personal life and your duties as a princess?
i... try to remember that there are people out there, people in my own country, who depend on me.
i may not know them all personally, but they need me and i cannot let them down.
the best part of my visit to chicago was the people.
their warmth, their kindness, the way they welcomed me into their lives.
this is about me bugging you for more responsibility, isn't it?
you wanna see if i can rescue you without your help.
i just think that you'd do better if you put more faith in yourself.
well-- looks like someone's caught a speeding chariot straight for tartarus.
you really are a very nice, albeit misguided-- young person, gabrielle.
it's a great pity i didn't get 'hold of you sooner.
you know-- hand out the wine, make up a few blessings.
and i thought, what the hey, i'm in the mood for a good deed.
if she's not here to pose as leah at tonight's ceremony, y plan will never succeed!
the stupid tramp is probably back at the tavern,protected by xena!
give each of them a glass-- and then read this proclamation,written in hestian.
then they'll drink the poison, and it will all be over.
it's time you all converted to deilianism-- the one true religion.
hestianism is dead-- not by the hand of man-- but by the very words of goddess herself.
this is about me bugging you for more responsibility, isn't it?
you wanna see if i can rescue you without your help.
i just think that you'd do better if you put more faith in yourself.
well, looks like someone's caught a speeding chariot straight for tartarus.
he asked me to fill in for her at the ceremony tonight.
you know, hand out the wine, make up a few blessings...
whatever terrible tragedy brought you into this life..., ...i want you to stop it.
joxer, it's a long story, but i do not work here.
in any event, i'm gonna need your services for the ceremony tonight.
you're the only one who can do justice to the part.
you gotta give me a chance to make it up to ya.
bali's guards are outside, so you stay here and i'll go out there and pretend to be you pretending to be me, you see?
i wanna see the look on her face when all her sweet little hestians are dead.
you connect anyone in mythology, back with the great warrior, thalidopes.
then i'll grab the keys from him, stick 'em in the door..., ...turn it, and let us out.
i tell you, it's so easy, priestess, any idiot could do it.
she has killed those most loyal to her and betrayed your trust.
it's time you all converted to deilianism the one true religion.
my account statement says... that your deposit has not yet been made.
me and candy... we blown our whole honeymoon stash... on this little game here.
i don't see why your pathetic need to recapture your glory days... gives you the right to splinter my vote.
how can you think it's ok to talk to people like this?
my account statement says... that your deposit has not yet been made.
me and candy... we blown our whole honeymoon stash... on this little game here.
i don't see why your pathetic need to recapture your glory days... gives you the right to splinter my vote.
how can you think it's ok to talk to people like this?
it involves being part of this school and having actual friends.
now, if it was about monsters, blood and innards, then you'd be a shoo-in.
mr gorch, my account statement says that your deposit has not yet been made.
well, me and candy... we blowin' our whole honeymoon stash on this little game here.
a campaign is like a war, it's won or lost in the trenches,
holly, michelle, and our real competition, cordelia, all have big head starts.
i know this is awkward, but i don't see any reason why we can't get along during this campaign time.
i mean, we're almost friends and we are all riding together in the limo.
so, i spoke to the limo people, and we're all set.
they'll pick up faith, then me, then swing by and get you guys,
i was never trying to be like you, and when was it funny?
why should your pathetic need to recapture your glory days splinter my vote?
i can let you out of that, or put a bullet in your head.
how many are there in this little game and what are they packing?
we'll head back to the library, where giles and the rest of the weapons live.
then i'll take out the rest, in time for you to congratulate me on my sweeping victory as homecoming queen.
giles, it's me, and cordelia, we're in a cabin in miller's woods, and we're in big trouble,
why is it every time i go somewhere with you, it always ends in violence and terror?
i could pick up a yearbook someday and say "i was there."
i went to high school, i had friends, and, for one moment, i got to live in the world.
you see, that's the kind of initiative i need on my team.
- what if i don't wanna be a part of the team?
in this envelope, i hold the name of this year's homecoming queen.
after all we've been through tonight, this whole queen-capade seems pretty...
wanted in germany for capital murder, terrorism, the bombing of flight 1402.
i should have brought it to your attention sooner, but i wanted to confirm...
now, if it was about monsters, blood and innards, then you'd be a shoo-in.
- i'd like to see you try to win the crown.
you and i will be in neighbouring rest homes while i come over so you can adjust my...
well, i can't think of anything that's not really gross, so...
holly, michelle, and our real competition, cordelia, all have big head starts.
speaking of big heads, if i had a watermelon as big as cordelia's, i'd be rich.
see who's for us, who's on the fence and where our real crisis areas are.
oz, you take the fringe: musicians, those not normally inclined to vote.
this whole trying to be like me really isn't funny any more.
i was never trying to be like you, and when was it funny?
why should your pathetic need to recapture your glory days splinter my vote?
how can you think it's ok to talk to people like this?
ok, now, one of us here is pretty darn smart, and i am... just in hell.
i mean, i thought being a senior - at last - and having a girlfriend - at last - would be a good thing.
how many are there in this little game and what are they packing?
there's me, two germans with ar-15s and grenade launcher, yellow-skinned demon with long knives, vampire couple from texas named gorch.
it involves being part of this school and having actual friends.
now, if it was about monsters, blood and innards, then you'd be a shoo-in.
mr gorch, my account statement says that your deposit has not yet been made.
well, me and candy... we blowin' our whole honeymoon stash on this little game here.
a campaign is like a war, it's won or lost in the trenches,
holly, michelle, and our real competition, cordelia, all have big head starts.
i know this is awkward, but i don't see any reason why we can't get along during this campaign time.
i mean, we're almost friends and we are all riding together in the limo.
so, i spoke to the limo people, and we're all set.
they'll pick up faith, then me, then swing by and get you guys,
i was never trying to be like you, and when was it funny?
why should your pathetic need to recapture your glory days splinter my vote?
i can let you out of that, or put a bullet in your head.
how many are there in this little game and what are they packing?
we'll head back to the library, where giles and the rest of the weapons live.
then i'll take out the rest, in time for you to congratulate me on my sweeping victory as homecoming queen.
giles, it's me, and cordelia, we're in a cabin in miller's woods, and we're in big trouble,
why is it every time i go somewhere with you, it always ends in violence and terror?
i could pick up a yearbook someday and say "i was there."
i went to high school, i had friends, and, for one moment, i got to live in the world.
you see, that's the kind of initiative i need on my team.
- what if i don't wanna be a part of the team?
in this envelope, i hold the name of this year's homecoming queen.
after all we've been through tonight, this whole queen-capade seems pretty...
after the cold war, he dropped out of sight... to form his own highly trained mercenary unit.
he's been involved in 50 terrorist incidents in the last three years.
i just think it's admirable the way you two pull it off.
there's a question that i've been wanting to ask you, michael... for a long time.
i guess we've got a lot in common and you won't mind me asking it.
when you guys go on missions, or you're on standby... how often do you have sex?
but you know what, if you disappear, section will come after me.
if i send you back with a cover story, they won't.
it'll be easier for both of us if you can walk.
you know, you're either insane or the cruelest man who ever lived.
the only way she can truly be free is to kill him herself.
is that what she said, michael... or is that what you made her believe?
the only way she can truly be free|is to kill him herself.
is that what she said, michael... or is that what you made her believe?
i'm gonna stay in the woods, because i like the isolation.
i think it'll be great for lisa, too... because she can get used to things again.
and i sure as hell don't want to work with him.
i know you have a history, but you have to put that behind you and concentrate on the mission.
this picturesque part of the forest is actually a mobile camp occupied by kusco's private army.
an assault is out of the question ..., so we've developed an alternative.
in fact, there's a question that i've been wanting to ask you, michael, for a long time.
it's kind of a .. personal question, but seeing as how you've slept with my wife,
i guess we've got a lot in common and you won't mind my asking it.
when you guys go on missions, or are on standby .., how often do ya .. have sex?
the section'd ... just let me kill ya ..., and i don't think michael would really want that.
if we don't report back they'll come after us ..., whether you want them to or not.
i think it's going to be a really .. big .. challenge.
michael will want you alive so badly ..., that i think he might just be able to pull it off.
if you had to slip out .. without being seen .., how would you do it?
oh, there's uh .. there's a service elevator that - that goes to the third floor.
i'm going to stay in the woods because i like the isolation.
i think it'll be great for lisa, too, because she can get used to things again.
you know what, it doesn't really matter what happens as long as i get lisa back ..., and i'm gonna.
and there's not a damn thing you can do about that, now, is there?
but, it'll be easier for both of us if you walk.
you know, you're either insane, or the cruelest man who ever lived.
and now, i want you to imagine all these seething animal passions just a fraction of an inch under the surface - about to erupt through the pie crust decorum.
i'm afraid the place is in a mess from my grandchildren.
it's more at a wet dream level than wanting to join up.
i envision you all ripping your clothes off and wrestling naked.
well, the good news is there are some signs of an upturn in the market.
at least, there are signs that the rate at which it is falling is slowing down.
i mean it's bad enough i've got one in the sauna.
no offence, leo but, well, i'm just beginning to get a tad concernedhere.
'that was one of the most incredible experiences i've had,' to be completely passive,
to give myself wholeheartedly to another person, to... to let go of all social conditioning and prejudice.
- i so wish you'd been my first time with a man.
- i wish you'd been my first time with a man! she laughs
and that's a very good feeling to have when you're a guy.
we have to do something about your tendency to leave at odd moments.
but i just want you to be relaxed, to enjoy the visit.
because this is a wonderful opportunity for you and roz to catch up.
i've never seen the guy so focused in my entire life.
he's really so excited, he's making dinner for me, and for...
and then there's one that i can never remember, but it's a hormone, that does the same thing.
man, that beef stroganoff is starting to sit a little heavy.
i think that maybe we need to spend more holidays together, we can get back to what we had early on.
hey, why don't you plan on spending this coming mother's day with her?
you know what it is tomorrow night... ♫ when israel was in egypt land... ♫
♫ let my people go ♫ ♫ let my people go ♫
- it's a bug-eat-bug world out there, princess, one of those circle-of-life kind of things.
now, let me tell you how things are supposed to work.
i swear, if i hadn't promised mother on her deathbed... that i wouldn't kill you, i would kill you.
- and believe me, no one appreciates that more than i do.
there's still a few months till the rains come, so you can all just try again.
but, hopper, since it's almost the rainy season, we need this time to gather food for ourselves.
listen, if you don't keep your end of the bargain, then i can't guarantee your safety.
and there are insects out there that will take advantage of you.
aimed directly at the flypaper are tuck and roll, the pill bug cannonballs !
the cannon will be triggered by dim, trained to jump at the sound of this bell... set to go off in 15 seconds.
but if you could just do me a little favor before you leave.
if you could squish me, that would be great, because, uh, when they find out, i'm as good as dead.
then, right when hopper and his gang are below, we'll launch the bird and scare off the grasshoppers.
now it's going to take everyone's involvement-- ...to make this plan a reality.
you have rekindled the long-dormant embers of purpose in our lives.
and if it wasn't for you, francis would have never gotten in touch with his feminine side.
now, in this scene, the monster cat is tearing up your house.
he's already gotten to the babysitter, the babysitter's boyfriend and the pizza guy.
i was on my bike, and this cat ran out in front of me.
i thought i hit it, but then it was gone, and now it's here.
you know i love you and i love your work, but, sweetie, maybe you need a tiny bit of rest.
so why don't you go back to your cozy dressing room, take a quick little catnap, and when you wake up, we'll shoot the scene all over again.
that giant cat has you cornered inside, and there's only one chance for escape.
you must climb out the window, shimmy up the storm drain...
- well it says 'come one, come all' except for spoiled, trust fund casualties from rhode island.
...you can either give me another chance or you go back to mr. drake... write him a very large check and make our marriage another statistic.
but one day, down the road, i'm going to have sex.
and you're acting all paranoid... chucking ladders and locking windows is not going to stop me.
please, will you stop acting like a typical parent and just let things take their natural course.
let joey and me hang out in my room, alone at night, unsupervised.
- because, dawson, the fact is i am a parent, alright?
i am your parent and it's my duty to be paranoid about my 15 year old son upstairs in my own house having sex!
- yeah, just make sure everything is put away and spic-and-span.
you know, the last thing i need is the health department slapping us with some big, huge fine or, god forbid, shutting us down.
- you seem to be forgetting something and it's called first period.
- oh, come on, joey, it will only take a minute and
it was the fear of getting caught that made it more dangerous and exciting.
so by restricting my access to joey what you're really trying to do is liven up my sex life?
i haven't been diagnosed with any terminal defects, and i'd really just kind of like to keep a low pro so goodbye.
- yeah, look, i'm sure there are a thousand dimwits with highlights and c-cups that you'd rather be talking to but you're the only person
- then you do what i always do, you say 'pass.'
- pacey, i don't say 'pass'. 'pass' is not in my vocabulary.
- microeconomics is the study of whole economic systems and how they inter-relate.
when macroeconomics is study of individual areas of economic activity.... like corporations.
- okay, a wealthy couple, dawson you're a stockbroker and jen, you're an engineer.
you've got two kids in college, a house at the beach, annual income, $400,000 a year.
pretending to be people we're never going to be, spending money we're never going to have, i mean, what's the point?
- the point is getting us thinking about economic problems that we will be facing in the real world.
- well, i hate to break it to you, peter pan, but some of us are already dealing with those problems.
i mean this just gets me thinking about the future and how
you dip the mop in the bucket, you don't dump the water on the floor.
- look, i know i've made a few blunders, but i'm not a screw-up.
i'm so paranoid that the health department is just going to jump down our throats.
- it's just that i have this huge econ. project due friday.
as long as i get this viper, everything will be alright.
- pacey, you are a bus driver, and i am a salesclerk.
i think the first decision that we should make should me where we're going to live.
since we have 3 kids, we should get a four-bedroom house.
see, there's no need to lie, an open marriage allows us that.
- um, maybe we should send our kid's to state school.
who knows maybe 20 years on down the line...could be us.
- i think these travel expenses are a little bit unrealistic.
i could bring home an 'a' in econ. or an 'f'.
i could bring home the nobel peace prize and it wouldn't make the slightest bit of difference.
you drive around in your saab, you buy your new clothes, and you basically throw your money away.
the idea that people actually have to budget their money is like some novelty to you.
- well, i work in a restaurant and with it like that, the waiters have to place the kitchen orders and the drink orders separately.
everything takes twice as long and you end up running around like a chicken with it's head cut off.
can you just get out of my hair and finish it?
- look, abby, you haven't been doing your share of the work.
- she just made me realize that maybe someday i could own my own business or my own company.
- see it looks like joey has some career aspirations after all.
the health department called they're coming here tomorrow morning and this place is a total disaster.
- look, you don't have to snap at me like it's my fault.
- well, i thought you were coming in earlier, we needed you tonight.
- well, i'm sorry, bessie, but i actually have a life.
oh my god i am so exhausted i can barely see straight.
- yeah, i feel like i've become one with this chair.
- dawson if you can't handle being in the same room with me...
- i can handle being in the same room with you.
- bessie, these are my problems because you and i are a team, you know?
and you can't fire me because i'm not going anywhere and i won't be fired.
i think we were both suffering from a case of false impressions.
i talked to your brother last night and he explained to me that your family is not exactly the rockefellar's.
- come on, after all we've been through do you think i could really get the viper?
- okay, i had to but it's such an awesome car.
- that means all of our kids are stuffed into a 2-bedroom apartment.
- actually it's a one bedroom apartment, but, you know, the family that lays together stays together.
- are you mistaken for the impression that you're actually invited?
- well it says 'come one, come all' except for spoiled, trust fund casualties from rhode island.
and you're acting all paranoid... chucking ladders and locking windows is not going to stop me.
please, will you stop acting like a typical parent and just let things take their natural course.
you know, the last thing i need is the health department slapping us with some big, huge fine or, god forbid, shutting us down.
- you seem to be forgetting something and it's called first period.
- but that was the whole fun of being 15, dawson.
it was the fear of getting caught that made it more dangerous and exciting.
- meaning that you both can come to incredible rationalizations especially when it comes to acting out your sexual impulses.
- oh, listen, gail, this whole idea of an open marriage... it's exactly that.
i left my backpack in my locker yesterday... can i borrow your notes over the reading?
- i don't actually have any notes because i didn't do the reading.
i'm just freaking out because what if mr. matick calls on me in class?
- then you do what i always do, you say 'pass. '
- yeah, i know that, but you get behind by one day, then you're always struggling to catch up.
and then you just get more and more confused and then, next thing you know, you're out on the street, drunk and dirty wheeling a shopping cart.
we're going to focus on the microeconomics of the family household.
this week you're going to pair up and play a game
- the point is getting us thinking about economic problems that we will be facing in the real world.
- well, i hate to break it to you, peter pan, but some of us are already dealing with those problems.
i mean this just gets me thinking about the future and how
i have absolutely no idea about what i want to do with my life.
you're going to be working with him all week long so the question is... are you going to be pantive and massikistic and piss me off?
or are you going to be proactive and grab him by the dipstick and make me proud!
- anyways, i think it's time for a little bit of this new york city aggression.
i mean, you have to show him the old, naughty jen because this new jen just isn't workin'.
first of all, she's a super successful career woman with $160,000 annual income.
- joey, maybe i'm not super successful but if there's one thing
- thanks, bess, but you can barely get your bills paid on time.
thanks for the offer but i think i'll find somebody else.
- meaning from this moment on thursday night is date night, we can go out with whomever we want, do whatever we want, when whatever we want, and the only rule is that we're honest about it.
see, there's no need to lie, an open marriage allows us that.
- i think these travel expenses are a little bit unrealistic.
i mean, we're going to want to go someplace warm in the winter, right?
- besides, if we go alone it'd be much more romantic.
well, dawson, we've agreed on practically every aspect of married life,
i can't erase it, and i can't trade it in for a new one.
i could bring home an 'a' in econ. or an 'f'.
i could bring home the nobel peace prize and it wouldn't make the slightest bit of difference.
so miss perky you try growing up in a family atmosphere like that and see if you can stay motivated.
"oh i'm just a salesclerk, a poor little salesclerk look for an apartment. "
you want to know the reason this assignment is so fascinating to you?
the idea that people actually have to budget their money is like some novelty to you.
you're rich and you're spoiled and that's what it comes down to!
everything takes twice as long and you end up running around like a chicken with it's head cut off.
- mind if i pick your brain for advice on some of these other designs?
- see it looks like joey has some career aspirations after all.
- um, if your father comes back tell him since it's thursday night, i've gone out.
- look, you don't have to snap at me like it's my fault.
- well, i thought you were coming in earlier, we needed you tonight.
- i can handle being in the same room with you.
i just can't handle you throwing yourself at me every other second.
i'm in way over my head, but these problems are not yours.
i don't want to be the one robbing you of your childhood, the fun of being young.
- so what i want to know is did we get the viper?
- come on, after all we've been through do you think i could really get the viper?
- okay, i had to but it's such an awesome car.
- that means all of our kids are stuffed into a 2-bedroom apartment.
- are you mistaken for the impression that you're actually invited?
- well it says 'come one, come all' except for spoiled, trust fund casualties from rhode island.
and you're acting all paranoid... chucking ladders and locking windows is not going to stop me.
please, will you stop acting like a typical parent and just let things take their natural course.
you know, the last thing i need is the health department slapping us with some big, huge fine or, god forbid, shutting us down.
- you seem to be forgetting something and it's called first period.
- but that was the whole fun of being 15, dawson.
it was the fear of getting caught that made it more dangerous and exciting.
- meaning that you both can come to incredible rationalizations especially when it comes to acting out your sexual impulses.
- oh, listen, gail, this whole idea of an open marriage... it's exactly that.
i left my backpack in my locker yesterday... can i borrow your notes over the reading?
- i don't actually have any notes because i didn't do the reading.
i'm just freaking out because what if mr. matick calls on me in class?
- then you do what i always do, you say 'pass.'
- yeah, i know that, but you get behind by one day, then you're always struggling to catch up.
and then you just get more and more confused and then, next thing you know, you're out on the street, drunk and dirty wheeling a shopping cart.
we're going to focus on the microeconomics of the family household.
this week you're going to pair up and play a game
- the point is getting us thinking about economic problems that we will be facing in the real world.
- well, i hate to break it to you, peter pan, but some of us are already dealing with those problems.
i mean this just gets me thinking about the future and how
i have absolutely no idea about what i want to do with my life.
you're going to be working with him all week long so the question is... are you going to be pantive and massikistic and piss me off?
or are you going to be proactive and grab him by the dipstick and make me proud!
- anyways, i think it's time for a little bit of this new york city aggression.
i mean, you have to show him the old, naughty jen because this new jen just isn't workin'.
first of all, she's a super successful career woman with $160,000 annual income.
- joey, maybe i'm not super successful but if there's one thing
- thanks, bess, but you can barely get your bills paid on time.
thanks for the offer but i think i'll find somebody else.
- meaning from this moment on thursday night is date night, we can go out with whomever we want, do whatever we want, when whatever we want, and the only rule is that we're honest about it.
see, there's no need to lie, an open marriage allows us that.
- i think these travel expenses are a little bit unrealistic.
i mean, we're going to want to go someplace warm in the winter, right?
- besides, if we go alone it'd be much more romantic.
well, dawson, we've agreed on practically every aspect of married life,
i can't erase it, and i can't trade it in for a new one.
i could bring home an 'a' in econ. or an 'f'.
i could bring home the nobel peace prize and it wouldn't make the slightest bit of difference.
so miss perky you try growing up in a family atmosphere like that and see if you can stay motivated.
"oh i'm just a salesclerk, a poor little salesclerk look for an apartment."
you want to know the reason this assignment is so fascinating to you?
the idea that people actually have to budget their money is like some novelty to you.
you're rich and you're spoiled and that's what it comes down to!
everything takes twice as long and you end up running around like a chicken with it's head cut off.
- mind if i pick your brain for advice on some of these other designs?
- see it looks like joey has some career aspirations after all.
- um, if your father comes back tell him since it's thursday night, i've gone out.
- look, you don't have to snap at me like it's my fault.
- well, i thought you were coming in earlier, we needed you tonight.
- i can handle being in the same room with you.
i just can't handle you throwing yourself at me every other second.
i'm in way over my head, but these problems are not yours.
i don't want to be the one robbing you of your childhood, the fun of being young.
- so what i want to know is did we get the viper?
- come on, after all we've been through do you think i could really get the viper?
- okay, i had to but it's such an awesome car.
- that means all of our kids are stuffed into a 2-bedroom apartment.
he talked to all of them about the high cost of living, about making ends meet.
looking for someone to take a payoff who'd sell him a key and the code to the storage room.
at 9:00 a. m., we're gonna call seven credit card companies and find out if you just made any big payments.
if we did, we're gonna find out where you got the money.
we met on a bench in central park, off 5th, near 72nd.
he asked for a list of which embryos were in which tank.
when people succeed in having a child, or get divorced, or change their minds, they sometimes prefer to forget about leftover embryos.
we make couples sign a contract saying they'll implant them within five years.
william o'rourke, the guy who sold you the key to the clinic, just picked you out of a photo array.
we had a nicer shade of puke green at the 25.
she can't be good enough for you to take this fall alone.
so who's the king of belgium need to be protected against?
when they did the property settlement, she got the harry winston pearls and the co-op on central park west.
he got the range rover, the country club membership, and the embryos.
she got very little cash because of the terms of the pre-nup.
so if she has her dead husband's baby, she hits the jackpot?
if arlene galvin sent her chauffeur into that building, she's guilty of felony murder.
can you trace the cash that the chauffeur used to buy the key?
says the facts don't make out the elements of felony murder.
she sent her chauffeur into that clinic to commit a burglary, during which he killed somebody.
we might have to go after her for depraved indifference or reckless homicide.
we'd have to prove that she knew curran might kill somebody, and she didn't care.
felony murder is an appropriate charge, if the defendant was an accomplice to a burglary, and she was.
it wasn't a burglary if her intent was to destroy something that belonged to her.
this is a blatant appeal to emotion, immaterial to the issues in the case.
we ask you to deny the motion to dismiss, and to order the defense to keep the issue out of the trial.
and what kind of life was that child going to have?
at least it would be alive, which is more than we can say for sarah purcell.
so you decided to destroy the embryo so it would have no life at all?
as the mother of those embryos, the law of the land gives her the right to make that choice.
causing a miscarriage in a woman without her consent is a crime.
the burden is on the defense to prove that they had your consent.
i won't tell my little girl we aborted her twin sister.
that wouldn't have to come out if you agreed to testify.
mrs. lasky, your daughter had more potential sisters in that tank.
there's a reason why you kept them alive all these years.
without it, i'm not sure i can make the charges stick.
after the fertilization procedure, what did dr. rutland do with the remaining embryos?
and i-it could be that this--this purging process is just a stage.
and after it's over, you could be left stronger for it.
to the nation to which he has always sho absolute loyalty. what would you have us do, commander girard?
i would like you to send him back to venus. (kate) not much has changed here.
and i-it could be that this--this purging process is just a stage.
and after it's over, you could be left stronger for it.
and the jupiter mission's been pushed back to the middle of next year.
they've managed to keep just about everything out of the press.
- that's where my father's body was found he was killed for a dam, ben.
they killed so they could drown our homes, flood our forests... and keep the lights burning all night in the empty buildings of the cities.
- i spoke to him when he came to our town.
he said if i was ever in chicago to stop and see him...
- you know, when i was a kid, i used to think cows talked.
but when i grew up, i realized all they said is moo.
you give them the jewels or you give them to me, they'll crucify both of us anyway.
now, you tell me where the stuff is, and then we'll get you the best defence in the country, right?
- well, you know, this is the first time quinn has been south, and i imagine he's feeling a little humbled.
you see, in the north he's, well, he's a living legend.
- well, no, and i fear that's a part of quinn's problem.
you see, very few of his considerable skills are of any use to him here.
the man has the jewels, he'll need to sell them to use the money.
now, that means he'll have to go to a dealer in stolen goods, otherwise known as a fence.
- mr. quinn, with all due respect, sir, let me nip off to the kitchen and get you a sample i'm pretty darn confident will change your mind.
oh, would you be a peach and get that for me?
- he'll kill us as soon as he has the jewels.
- maybe one in the kneecap to get the ball rolling.
- i got to admit it was a creative use of a motorcycle.
but what would've happened if you'd fell on quinn and fraser?
- it's hard to think of my land being under 100 feet of water and not see it as a failure.
- you know, there's a short entry in one of my father's journals.
you let me make one of the biggest mistakes of my life.
high winds northern sky will carry you away you know you have to leave here you wish that you could stay there's four directions on this map but you're only going one way due south that's the way i'm going
but you should find some consolation in knowing you'll be providing power for millions of people.
now, my advice to you, sir, you should go home and move... you can't stop this, it's been approved.
- i've been getting into this native roots thing and it seems to work.
besides, i thought the tonto act might impress that little jackass.
you give them the jewels or you give them to me, they'll crucify both of us anyway.
now, you tell me where the stuff is, and then we'll get you the best defence in the country, right?
- well, you know, this is the first time quinn has been south, and i imagine he's feeling a little humbled.
you see, in the north he's, well, he's a living legend.
- well, no, and i fear that's a part of quinn's problem.
you see, very few of his considerable skills are of any use to him here.
- that's exactly the way i felt about the caribou, you remember?
- this is more important than a boy killing a caribou.
the man has the jewels, he'll need to sell them to use the money.
now, that means he'll have to go to a dealer in stolen goods, otherwise known as a fence.
- all right, i want a s.w.a.t. team, hostage negotiators, the whole mcgill.
- look, you get the s.w.a.t. team, we're not in charge.
i'm not waiting for the s.w.a.t. team and the hostage guy.
now, you do it right now or i shoot the indian.
the year is 1144... ..and civil war, unforgiving and cruel, rages in england.
king stephen fights to retain his throne against the pretender, the empress maud, a fight which stretches to the furthest corners of the realm...
i will say what i have to say on my own two feet, which is how i got here, to answer your question.
and you had no word because the word is with me.
it's just the reeve won't let us see the lady donata.
well, if you're here to sell something, i'm afraid the reeve's word is final.
you have your faults, but you'll do well at ramsey, with st winifred.
if that is what god intends for him and for her, brother prior.
in the yard, a cart loaded high with good, warm wool, headed for ramsey, headed for safety.
rain pours, river rises, people run, dogs howl, cocks screech and the thunder!
if i allow herluin to have a case, i must allow lord beaumont's.
father, that casket was removed by human hands, not saintly ones.
and then the stone's replaced so that it looks as if it was never moved.
but then why hide a murder weapon that's just a stone?
under church law, abbot radulfus, as you well know, our claim to the saint stands.
your claim, brother prior, stands among others, not least shrewsbury's own.
an old friend has been killed and i can find no motive.
and though i know tutilo put the relics on the cart,
god's truth cares nothing for time, brother prior, and shrewsbury, herluin and lord beaumont all have claims to st winifred.
st winifred will be haggled over like fish in the market.
because that's how all this started and it may well end when a young man hangs.
he had cause to kill alfred and he was found with blood on his hands.
brother jerome: "ye shall seek me and ye shall not find me and where i am, ye cannot come."
st winifred and lord beaumont can't be in the same place.
we've only got your word that tutilo remained behind here when you left to go and sing in the tavern.
but i can prove to lord beringar we were here, because i heard what he said.
you mustn't give him too much of it, because he will fall fast asleep.
and if you mix it in wine, he won't even taste it.
you bribed alfred to kidnap her, carry her to your land.
but the box he put her in fell off the cart, into the water.
exposure ot even one drop of the eboloa virus in fatal.
if anything happens, i'll turn purple and bleed from my eyeballs.
i don't mean to be a bad genie i really don't.
and i could do a lot better if i could just, just have the answers to a few questions about myself.
without the touchstone to shield us, we shall soon be overtaken by the elements.
it's only a matter of time before we begin to die because of your theft.
if your answers are not satisfactory, then we have no choice but to seek retribution.
taking revenge will not return the touchstone, for we did not take it.
if the thieves used the gate to escape, the only hope to get it back is to let us go back through the gate.
and if they did come from earth, our technology can help us find out who the thieves were.
whoever left that device on madrona probably keyed it to its atmospheric conditions.
somebody brings it back to earth, starts fiddling around with it and... who knows?
but someone might have used the second gate a split second after sg-2 used ours to try to hide the energy spike in ours.
kind of like shooting off a gun when a train's going by?
i was given top-level assurances that gate was to be sealed.
a case of the left hand not knowing what the right foot is doing, sir?
some people wanted to make sure that all discoveries were brought back, regardless of considerations like interplanetary diplomacy.
do you mind if i ask who these "some people" were?
the truth is, i'm not sure i ever fully knew who they were.
i had a feeling that someone chose not to surface during the debate.
30 years in the service, you develop an instinct about things.
general, is your gut telling you that this "person" is responsible for stealing the touchstone?
in an effort to determine whether the touchstone was being used, i measured the doppler shift for gravitational and radiation emissions.
i used one of my monitoring instruments, and tied it in to two noaa satellites.
colonel, i need some documents delivered to the groom lake facility.
are those documents sensitive enough to warrant a three-man team with a jaffa escort?
as much as i'd love to clear our little iou, i don't know anything.
i don't even know what you're talking about with regards to a weather device.
but i don't have to tell you, a c-5's a big airplane.
big enough to hold a stargate and transport it anywhere in the world.
this nid landing strip doesn't officially exist, so i don't think there's a jurisdictional issue.
but even if there is, that c-5 is air force property, and it is our jurisdiction.
our best theory is that the planet was terraformed about 900 years ago.
the madronans are primitive, so it's likely it was terraformed by another alien race.
and if they did come from earth,... .. our technology can help us find out who the thieves were.
how do we know that you will not use the gate to escape responsibility?
but someone might have used the second gate a split second after sg- 2 used ours... .. to try to hide the energy spike in ours.
kind of like shooting off a gun when a train's going by?
back when the sg programme began,... .. there was a philosophical skirmish about its mandate.
some people wanted to make sure that all discoveries were brought back,... .. regardless of considerations like interplanetary diplomacy.
do you mind if i ask who these "some people" were?
the truth is, i'm not sure i ever fully knew who they were.
but i'll be damned if i'll be blocked by some sycophant in the white house.
i have other channels i can pursue, markers i can call in.
general,... .. i know i don't have to tell you this.
but whoever these dark- side guys are,... .. they can do some pretty nasty damage if they figure out how to work this thing.
they're focusing on the potential cure for alzheimer's that sg- 5 brought back.
the other side is geology, space metallurgy, and artefacts study,... .. where they're poring over your notes on that heliopolis place, dr jackson.
just proves it got packed up real nice after it was used.
that gate has been in there since it was brought here from the antarctic.
we use our gate to go to madrona,... .. then do a 180 and return through the second gate here on earth.
if one input the earth's coordinates on the madrona dialling device,... .. he would be sent back to the gate on this facility.
the way the wormhole arced to send the two of you to the other gate.
as you may recall, it was a minor miracle that either of you survived that incident.
the gps could give us an exact position once the malp made it through.
someone would have to accompany you to madrona,... .. to dial the correct address.
and if they did come from earth,... ..our technology can help us find out who the thieves were.
how do we know that you will not use the gate to escape responsibility?
general, do you mind if i have carter recheck the dialling computer?
just to see if there are any signs of anyone sneaking through the gate... ..covertly.
we have flooding in palm springs... (daniel) and that's not all.
there's record rainfall in albuquerque, hail in the panhandle... ..and three major rivers cresting.
whoever left that device on madrona... ..probably keyed it to its atmospheric conditions.
somebody brings it back to earth, starts fiddling around with it... ..and... who knows?
but someone might have used the second gate a split second after sg-2 used ours... ..to try to hide the energy spike in ours.
kind of like shooting off a gun when a train's going by?
back when the sg programme began,... ..there was a philosophical skirmish about its mandate.
some people wanted to make sure that all discoveries were brought back,... ..regardless of considerations like interplanetary diplomacy.
do you mind if i ask who these "some people" were?
the truth is, i'm not sure i ever fully knew who they were.
but i'll be damned if i'll be blocked by some sycophant in the white house.
i have other channels i can pursue, markers i can call in.
they're focusing on the potential cure for alzheimer's that sg-5 brought back.
the other side is geology, space metallurgy, and artefacts study,... ..where they're poring over your notes on that heliopolis place, dr jackson.
just proves it got packed up real nice after it was used.
that gate has been in there since it was brought here from the antarctic.
we use our gate to go to madrona,... ..then do a 180 and return through the second gate here on earth.
if one input the earth's coordinates on the madrona dialling device,... ..he would be sent back to the gate on this facility.
the way the wormhole arced to send the two of you to the other gate.
as you may recall, it was a minor miracle that either of you survived that incident.
the gps could give us an exact position once the malp made it through.
someone would have to accompany you to madrona,... ..to dial the correct address.
as much as i'd love to clear our little iou, i don't know anything.
i don't even know what you're talking about with regards to a weather device.
but i don't have to tell you, a c-5's a big airplane.
big enough to hold a stargate and transport it anywhere in the world.
this nid landing strip doesn't officially exist,... ..so i don't think there's a jurisdictional issue.
but even if there is, that c-5 is air force property, and it is our jurisdiction.
everything should be back to normal soon, here and on madrona.
we think they'll let us return to do the studies we'd hoped to do.
our best theory is that the planet was terraformed about 900 years ago.
the madronans are primitive, so it's likely it was terraformed by another alien race.
my instruments will measure the touchstone's emissions... . . and give us an idea of how it works.
any chance we could borrow it for a few days, ... . . do a little backward engineering?
and if they did come from earth, ... . . our technology can help us find out who the thieves were.
how do we know that you will not use the gate to escape responsibility?
general, do you mind if i have carter recheck the dialling computer?
just to see if there are any signs of anyone sneaking through the gate... . . covertly.
i was given top-level assurances that gate was to be sealed.
a case of the left hand not knowing what the right foot is doing, sir?
some people wanted to make sure that all discoveries were brought back, ... . . regardless of considerations like interplanetary diplomacy.
do you mind if i ask who these "some people" were?
the truth is, i'm not sure i ever fully knew who they were.
i had a feeling that someone chose not to surface during the debate.
30 years in the service, you develop an instinct about things.
general, is your gut telling you... . . that this "person" is responsible for stealing the touchstone?
colonel, i need some documents delivered to the groom lake facility.
are those documents sensitive enough... . . to warrant a three-man team with a jaffa escort?
we use our gate to go to madrona, ... . . then do a 180 and return through the second gate here on earth.
if one input the earth's coordinates on the madrona dialling device, ... . . he would be sent back to the gate on this facility.
the way the wormhole arced to send the two of you to the other gate.
as you may recall, it was a minor miracle that either of you survived that incident.
the gps could give us an exact position once the malp made it through.
someone would have to accompany you to madrona, ... . . to dial the correct address.
our best theory is that the planet was terraformed about 900 years ago.
the madronans are primitive, so it's likely it was terraformed by another alien race.
and if they did come from earth,... ..our technology can help us find out who the thieves were.
how do we know that you will not use the gate to escape responsibility?
but someone might have used the second gate a split second after sg- 2 used ours... ..to try to hide the energy spike in ours.
kind of like shooting off a gun when a train's going by?
i was given top- level assurances that gate was to be sealed.
a case of the left hand not knowing what the right foot is doing, sir?
some people wanted to make sure that all discoveries were brought back,... ..regardless of considerations like interplanetary diplomacy.
do you mind if i ask who these "some people" were?
the truth is, i'm not sure i ever fully knew who they were.
i had a feeling that someone chose not to surface during the debate.
30 years in the service, you develop an instinct about things.
general, is your gut telling you... ..that this "person" is responsible for stealing the touchstone?
in an effort to determine whether the touchstone was being used,... ..i measured the doppler shift for gravitational and radiation emissions.
i used one of my monitoring instruments, and tied it in to two noaa satellites.
colonel, i need some documents delivered to the groom lake facility.
are those documents sensitive enough... ..to warrant a three- man team with a jaffa escort?
as much as i'd love to clear our little iou, i don't know anything.
i don't even know what you're talking about with regards to a weather device.
but i don't have to tell you, a c- 5's a big airplane.
big enough to hold a stargate and transport it anywhere in the world.
this nid landing strip doesn't officially exist,... ..so i don't think there's a jurisdictional issue.
but even if there is, that c- 5 is air force property, and it is our jurisdiction.
everything should be back to normal soon, here and on madrona.
we think they'll let us return to do the studies we'd hoped to do.
our best theory is that the planet was terraformed about 900 years ago.
the madronans are primitive, so it's likely it was terraformed by another alien race.
my instruments will measure the touchstone's emissions... ..and give us an idea of how it works.
any chance we could borrow it for a few days,... ..do a little backward engineering?
and if they did come from earth,... ..our technology can help us find out who the thieves were.
how do we know that you will not use the gate to escape responsibility?
general, do you mind if i have carter recheck the dialling computer?
just to see if there are any signs of anyone sneaking through the gate... ..covertly.
back when the sg programme began,... ..there was a philosophical skirmish about its mandate.
some people wanted to make sure that all discoveries were brought back,... ..regardless of considerations like interplanetary diplomacy.
do you mind if i ask who these "some people" were?
the truth is, i'm not sure i ever fully knew who they were.
but i'll be damned if i'll be blocked by some sycophant in the white house.
i have other channels i can pursue, markers i can call in.
they're focusing on the potential cure for alzheimer's that sg-5 brought back.
the other side is geology, space metallurgy, and artefacts study,... ..where they're poring over your notes on that heliopolis place, dr jackson.
just proves it got packed up real nice after it was used.
that gate has been in there since it was brought here from the antarctic.
we use our gate to go to madrona,... ..then do a 180 and return through the second gate here on earth.
if one input the earth's coordinates on the madrona dialling device,... ..he would be sent back to the gate on this facility.
the way the wormhole arced to send the two of you to the other gate.
as you may recall, it was a minor miracle that either of you survived that incident.
the gps could give us an exact position once the malp made it through.
someone would have to accompany you to madrona,... ..to dial the correct address.
everything should be back to normal soon, here and on madrona.
we think they'll let us return to do the studies we'd hoped to do.
perhaps she should like me better, but i don't think she does.
how come on your 8th birthday you got an entire observatory and i got corrective shoes?
i just hope i can read his history notes this time.
hey, you want to become invisible and go give the queen a wedgie?
you won't believe this, but you guys have so much in common.
see, harvey's a really close friend, or was until about five minutes ago when he asked me to go steady.
maybe i can't see my mother without turning her into a giant candle, but i don't see why i can't write her a letter.
when it absolutely, positively has to be there in two seconds flat.
- well, because you broke the rules, you have to choose between being a witch or seeing your mom ever again.
i have to either give up all my magic or never see my mother again?
vesta bought her some new ears and now vesta's taking her to the riviera to show them off.
i know she's our sister and i love vesta, but where does she get off living so long?
perhaps she should like me better, but i don't think she does.
how come on your 8th birthday you got an entire observatory and i got corrective shoes?
you won't believe this, but you guys have so much in common.
see, harvey's a really close friend, or was until about five minutes ago when he asked me to go steady.
maybe i can't see my mother without turning her into a giant candle, but i don't see why i can't write her a letter.
when it absolutely, positively has to be there in two seconds flat.
- well, because you broke the rules, you have to choose between being a witch or seeing your mom ever again.
i have to either give up all my magic or never see my mother again?
vesta bought her some new ears and now vesta's taking her to the riviera to show them off.
i know she's our sister and i love vesta, but where does she get off living so long?
we had to leave you alone so you could take the test by yourself.
although why we couldn't have gone to acapulco still baffles me.
why else would i have to drive 40 miles in a truck full of chickens?
your powers were taken away so you could visit your mom.
well, my mom said to follow my heart, so that's what i'm gonna do.
that's how i ended up sharing a studio apartment with vlad the impaler.
and this kind of privilege for a price is not going to look good when he finds out about it.
especially if that despicable philip whatever-his-name-ls writes about it in his tawdry column.
but i know that when you've finished your defence that that jury is going to realise that i am not guilty.
they will, because we have the truth on our side, and i know what i'm doing.
you know, steven, you were my first friend when i moved into this house.
you never made me feel less because i worked for blake or had no money.
you were always here if i needed someone to talk to.
and i want you to know that i'm here if you need someone to talk to.
on the night he was murdered, i was on my way home from the office to change for fallon's engagement party when i remembered some papers i was supposed to leave for my mother's signature.
so i drove to the hotel to bring them to her.
i want you to file a suit against this man and that rag he works for.
and i want you to know that every time you do this sort of thing, you're helping to put yourself away.
the people will show that the accused had motive and opportunity.
the people will show that the accused is a woman given to outbursts of violent and physical anger.
ladies and gentlemen of the jury, after you hear the testimony in this case,
you will be left with no alternative but to return a verdict of guilty of murder in the first degree of one mark jennings.
i will prove that that person is not the woman you see here in this courtroom.
and i will prove that this case, this entire case, is a mockery, a mockery based purely on circumstantial evidence.
and i know that the evidence will prove that she killed no one.
and i know that each of you, each of you good and fair people, will be convinced of that before this trial is over.
the court is now in recess, and the first witness of the afternoon session will be miss dina hartley.
miss hartley, will you tell the court and jury where you reside?
i'm able to see it, but i don't make a habit of looking at it.
i value my privacy and the rights of others to their privacy.
blake, you can't go on like this 24 hours a day.
i am fighting for my life, and i'm going to keep on like this until i have to stop.
ladies and gentlemen, what i hold here is a copy of the divorce papers filed by blake carrington against the then alexis carrington.
i also hold this, oh, i'd say about 2 pounds' worth of newspaper clippings relating to their marriage, and which might be described in a journalistic nutshell as "the battling carringtons."
the prosecution contends that alexis colby was blackmailed by mark jennings, that she gave him this money, this cheque, to buy his silence about her bribe to one rashid ahmed, and that she then killed jennings.
sir, from whom would she want to be hiding this information?
i know, i heard about the testimony on the car radio this afternoon.
you know, blake carrington may be a lot of things in your book, but...
and a jury of 12 men and women have taken time off from their jobs and their families to listen to this case.
and they're not all going through this because they have nothing better to.
(male narrator) knight rider, a shadowy flight into the dangerous world of a man who does not exist.
michael knight, a young loner on a crusade to champion the cause of the innocent the helpless, the powerless in a world of criminals who operate above the iaw.
rachel and chris put every penny they earned into the bank to buy a farm back in ohio.
the closest rachel ever got to diamonds was the costume jewelry that bernie gave us to wear in the photo sessions.
michael, i want to-- lauren, we're supposed to be in love here.
now, the first commandment of being undercover is never, never, never, blow your cover.
and an extremely wealthy man, too, if these figures are accurate.
devon, can we find out where bernie's models have traveled last year?
once they're back in the states, bernie converts the jewelry to cash, transfers the cash to those numbered bank accounts in the grand caymans and takes a healthy percentage off the top for himself.
if you're on the right track, these necklaces are for bernie's next customers.
one doesn't have to be bitten by a dog to dislike dog bites.
besides, if cars were meant to fly, they would have been made with wings.
kltt, i need you to record everything that goes on inside.
it would have been far easier and cheaper to bring a tape recorder.
i happen to represent a very wealthy english expatriate who has vast holdings in mexico.
now, this particular gentleman is planning to leave the country and he'd like to take his money with him.
"this beautiful young lady should think she's wearing glass, and she has that look."
then, i realized that you knew what was happening, you and your friends.
it didn't take long for nina to start singing like a canary.
turns out they got state and federal authorities lined up, waiting for a piece of bernie.
you know what i'd like, now that we don't have to pretend anymore?
no, but i got a feeling you are gonna tell me.
knight rider, a shadowy flight into the dangerous world of a man who does not exist.
michael knight, a young loner on a crusade to champion the cause of the innocent, the helpless, the powerless, in a world of criminals who operate above the law.
i'll tell you what, i've got an appointment, but you shoot your best shot.
if you can break into this baby, we'll do some business, okay?
chief craig has been here for 35 years and he's never needed any.
if you don't mind, i'd like to take a look around.
big hand for that song right there, here live from the sunspot with handsome anson here on kcpy!
michael, it's one thing to have to hear that music from my own speaker, but to be assaulted from all sides.
i gotta get them out on the street to test a theory of mine.
and i think i know just the way to do it.
whoever's behind this has a way of knowing when a race is happening.
intentional or not, i've got a feeling they're a smokescreen for the burglaries.
if i have to bust you for having your shoestrings untied, i'm gonna do it.
and if you get bailed out, i'm gonna throw you back and find something that'll stick.
wait a minute, that song, crumblin' down, it was on the air when the burglar alarm went off.
the only other time i heard that song was up with the street racers which was when the last burglary took place.
this is gary spurley on the gospel hour here at kcpy.
and now, three songs of love and inspiration, written by andre crouch.
there's a rumor around that the radio station wanted to hire kitt as their regular newsman.
well, they're gonna have to hire somebody now that anson's in jail.
dr. nancy love will be up on kcmy talk radio... with the love line.
i recommend that you examine... the deeper feelings you have for your wife, tom.
nancy, you've been here for six months... and i don't know whether you're living with someone... or married or what.
all i know is you won't go out to dinner with me.
i just moved out and... i was walking down the street one night.
i saw my name on a neon sign... with a lounge bar for sale underneath it.
you said you wanted someone to walk you to your car.
you said you wanted someone to walk you to your car.
i swear to god, i almost fell for him in a minute.
then he came on in a crazy way, and i got confused.
i don't judge any of my callers, diane... but we have to break for a commercial.
i think that when you speak to dr. love... you should phrase the call in something like... you can't separate pain from pleasure.
and believe me, i also know how easily... desire can be converted to deed.
even when i close my eyes... i have to be careful of what i dream and how.
can you imagine how hard that must be to live with?
knowing that anything you ever say to anyone... will count heavily, be acted upon... whether you're right or wrong.
he's twice my age, and it was great... but then we started talking, and it stopped working.
i love him. i really do, even though he roughs me up.
throughout history, individuals of the first rank... would never have produced had they not been immersed in sex... and spontaneous sexual behavior.
i mean that uncontrollable impulse... that shakes you to your very foundation... that makes your nerve ends tickle and your head spin... and that makes you feel like jelly.
does it bother you that you could be attracted... to someone you hardly know?
it bothers me more that i might not be able to see him again.
maybe what concerns me is that i'm not sure... i'm able to give myself to anyone.
then along comes this guy who could be the right type... and i play hard to get.
karen, what would you think of a man... who'd kiss only women he'd marry?
i never met a man like that, although you know what?
i was doing intelligence work for the air force... following a connection out of east berlin.
ultimately, it took me to moscow... where l was arrested by the kgb... and the cla had to trade for me.
sure, there might be someone else... that'd fit the bill for either one of us... but we're here now, they're not.
and there isn't as much time as there used to be.
i'm a very complicated person... not all of which i can explain to you now.
look, i don't want to hear about any of this, ann... or whatever your name is.
i've been with men before... but it was always some sort of planned event.
no matter how attached i'd become to a man's sex... i was always more interested in the person who owned it.
who do you think you are lying to me all the time?
who do you think you are lying to me all the time?
dr. nancy love will be up on kcmy talk radio... with the love line.
i recommend that you examine... the deeper feelings you have for your wife, tom.
i've ruined too many marriages to have one of my own.
you smile for a lot of the guys... because you have a beautiful smile.
i swear to god, i almost fell for him in a minute.
then he came on in a crazy way, and i got confused.
i don't judge any of my callers, diane... but we have to break for a commercial.
i think that when you speak to dr. love... you should phrase the call in something like... you can't separate pain from pleasure.
can you imagine how hard that must be to live with?
knowing that anything you ever say to anyone... will count heavily, be acted upon... whether you're right or wrong.
dr. love doesn't believe... that sex is the most important thing in a relationship, stella.
have you figured out why your husband sees other women... if he says he loves you?
throughout history, individuals of the first rank... would never have produced had they not been immersed in sex... and spontaneous sexual behavior.
i mean that uncontrollable impulse... that shakes you to your very foundation... that makes your nerve ends tickle and your head spin... and that makes you feel like jelly.
does it bother you that you could be attracted... to someone you hardly know?
it bothers me more that i might not be able to see him again.
i know all about that feeling... you get in your belly when a man says he wants you.
even if i know he's lying, i still get that feeling.
and there isn't as much time as there used to be.
so i just want to go home to vegas... pick up a few things for the future... yours and mine.
i'm a very complicated person... not all of which i can explain to you now.
look, i don't want to hear about any of this, ann... or whatever your name is.
who do you think you are lying to me all the time?
who do you think you are lying to me all the time?
where i come from, some jokes are called "2 by 4".
two years in jail for listening, four years for telling them.
by agreement, the first game is declared a draw at the thirty-fifth move.
he was in a strong position, why did he accept a draw?
to avoid interrupting the game, it will continue in a small room.
the audience will observe the match on the wall chess board.
the world champion will receive a $100,000 prize and his opponent $50,000.
the world champion will be the first player who wins six games.
i was ten years old when he came to kovno for the championship.
after he won, he agreed to play a simultaneous game against the best players of the club.
fromm will either be back today... or we'll simply never see him again.
in that case, at 3:00 p.m. sharp i'll start the clock... and grandmaster liebskind will make his first move.
the rules are very clear on this point, and i must uphold them.
i cannot ask a spectator to leave... unless both players request it.
professor polotin is a respected scientist, and an honorary member of our federation.
he's here in the interest of science... for observation necessary to his work.
the rules are very clear on this point, and i must uphold them.
i cannot ask a spectator to leave... unless both players request it.
professor polotin is a respected scientist, and an honorary member of our federation.
he's here in the interest of science... for observation necessary to his work.
is it not more likely that he handed it to the bishop?
there he was, you see, really in luck, amongst the most respectable company in the county.
can't you see, he's our only buffer against the stupidity of joe?
and can't you see, he's the only real friend we have?
we're making up a party to go over to st griswold's this morning.
we shall have lunch there, look at the glass, and you can be back at seekings by teatime.
it's absolutely forbidden to go off in a car with strangers.
i didn't like the look of them, though two of them were dressed as curates.
that depends, master kay, on the question, and possibly on the guest.
could you tell me, please, who are those clergymen who were here this morning?
that's the reverend doctor boddledale, his wife, his chaplain and his private secretary.
he's the head of the theological training college over at chesters in the chester hills.
well, then - if she's gone to st griswold's to look at that old glass, why should she come all the way back to seekings, hmm?
she'll have stayed in tatchester for tea, and gone direct to the bishop's palace.
of course, you young folks in this generation, you don't know what a posset is.
a posset is a jorum of hot milk, and in that hot milk, you puts an "hegg", and you puts a spoonful of treacle and a grating of nutmeg, and you stirs 'em well up.
they did take all the jewels belonging to the bishop's guests.
it might be ordinary thieves and not your villains at all.
do you know how it was for me to live without parents for 8 years?
if he really meant well for me, then he shouldn't work for the ching!
since my father died 2 years ago, our family business has been in a slump, and we've accumulated a iot of debts.
now, all i can do is to try to revitalize our family.
the highest realm of kung fu is to have the idea but not the form.
only then can you maximize the power of your martial arts.
and i have three good reasons not to let you fight.
first, you're not being filial to your parents who gave you life.
but the dividend for tung is 1 for 2, and yours is 1 for 10.
even though it's 1 for 10, i'm still betting on you!
i strongly objected to the fight, but you insisted, and look what happened now.
if the emperor knows about this, then even sek tot will be punished.
i don't believe the emperor will reprimand me for executing a han!
however, since general ha pleads for you, i will spare your life.
madam, how can i accept it if it is your family heritage?
big brother, we won't accept the money if you don't accept this.
master yim, you should discuss plans with the real red dragon, and also ask him about me joining the sect.
young man, the chief will never let you join the sect.
i went to lama temple, fought with the fake red dragon, and rescued your fellow brothers.
after all the hardship and the bloody battles, i finally succeeded.
please calm your anger. i will definitely catch red dragon for you.
in fact, it'll be beneficial for you too if you catch him.
sek tot will not let you live if you stay here.
i'll think of a way to get you out of guangdong.
this coin was left by someone from the sun moon sect, and this someone is hung hei-kwun!
general ha, now that we have the evidence, how do you think we should handle this?
everyone knows that ko is my future son-in-law, but you said he belongs to the sun moon sect.
i've known hung ting-nam for years, and now you said he's with sun moon sect too!
his majesty's purpose here is to pay tributes to his ancestors, since xilun was one of our dynasty's origins.
the late emperor had won many wars on the battlefields of yazhou.
ching, however, need not compete to enjoy the fruits of their work.
this has to be a harmonious compliance of heaven and mankind.
thus, sacrifices are to be offered here so that spirits may rest in peace.
may heaven and earth keep our mountains and rivers intact, and may all heroes of the past bless our ching, so that joy and happiness will last forever.
my father's plan to lure red dragon out was an impeccable one.
i believe all the sun moon sect members have fallen into the trap.
your majesty, the reason the rebel red dragon could escape was all because of ha sha-dor, who started all this.
he kept hung ting-nam by his side, which enabled hung to get close to your majesty.
if i have even a thought of treason, then allow me to be struck by lightning for my unforgiving sins.
i admit wrongdoing for sheltering hung ting-nam, but i swear that i never knew he was a sun moon sect rebel!
i promised your father that i won't cry anymore, and he had promised to take care of us, so i know he'll come back for us, no matter how difficult.
actually, i have a lot that i want to tell father.
i want to, but...you want me to leave with you now...
i... lf you don't come with me now, we may never see each other again.
in ancient times, people broke their ties by cutting the mats.
i never thought this dagger would sever my ties with hung.
with you and i alone now, this is the perfect time to end our ties.
i'll repay your kindness by letting you shoot through my heart!
i have been traveling in the south for the past few months.
although i was able to enjoy the scenery, my heart is still not at ease.
why is it that so many so-called martyrs try to topple me, when our ching is enjoying such peace and prosperity?
your majesty, it's because a small group of infidels could not appreciate this prosperity.
it's only because a nobleman like me won't fight with people like you.
but i will let you try my wu tang kung fu today.
before she died, she told me to thank you for fulfilling her wish of having her own house.
she was in total bliss, even if she only lived there for a day.
i was about to return to hangzhou when i received news of the chief's death.
we stayed behind because we wanted to know where you are.
now that we are all here, why don't you come and help us rebuild sun moon sect?
when we stage our comeback, it will be your time for revenge.
your life is safe for now as it does not kill quickly.
but if there's no antidote within 3 days, you will become insane and die instantly.
revenge is inevitable, but i've finally understood that it's never too late for revenge.
i also know that my kung fu is not good enough.
hei-kwun, i won't object if you want to fulfill your filial duty.
i'm just worried that you'll deceive me to take revenge again.
it was bred by the royal family, so it's valued at 500 taels.
my wine was a vintage, so 500 taels for that too.
i think you three are just trying to take advantage of me!
master, if you're willing to teach us kung fu and take us as students, you'll have three apprentices to serve you.
the blows must be hard, but they also have to be sharp.
you can pull, hit, or even stab with it, or pick, poke, and prick like a spear!
i will carry out your wish to overturn ching and restore ming.
chun-chung, chin-gun and i will learn kung fu at the shaolin temple.
i am fine 4th master, you are not this bold normally
for the sake of law and order in this town it's worthwhile to be killed
